A baubling vessel was he captain of, For shallow draught and bulk unprizable, With which such scathful grapple did he make With the most noble bottom of our fleet, That very envy and the tongue of loss Cried fame and honor on him.—What’s the matter?
A beast, no more.
A beggar, brother?
A better instance, I say.
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours.
A bitter fool.
A blank, my lord.
A blessèd labor, my most sovereign lord.
A braggart, a rogue, a villain that fights by the book of arithmetic!
A brave vessel Who had, no doubt, some noble creature in her Dashed all to pieces.
A bridegroom, say you?
A calendar, a calendar!
A carrion death, within whose empty eye There is a written scroll.
A certain aim he took At a fair vestal thronèd by the west, And loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts.
A challenge, on my life.
A charge we bear i’ th’ war, And as the president of my kingdom will Appear there for a man.
A commodity in question, I warrant you.—Come, we’ll obey you.
A conduit, girl?
A contagious breath.
A contract of true love to celebrate, And some donation freely to estate On the blessed lovers.
A Cornish name.
A could never abide carnation.
A coward, a most devout coward, religious in it.
A credulous father, and a brother noble— Whose nature is so far from doing harms That he suspects none, on whose foolish honesty My practices ride easy.
A crow without feather?
A cup, closed in my true love’s hand?
A damnèd death!
A daughter?
A dear happiness to women.
A deed without a name.
A devil, a born devil on whose nature Nurture can never stick, on whom my pains, Humanely taken, all, all lost, quite lost.
A devil!
A dire induction am I witness to, And will to France, hoping the consequence Will prove as bitter, black, and tragical.
A dog of that house shall move me to stand.
A dollar.
A dream itself is but a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
A dry jest, sir.
A fair name.
A fair woman!
A false conclusion.
A fiend like thee might bear my soul to hell.
A fig!
A fine woman!
A fire, good Curtis.
A flatterer’s would not, though they do appear As huge as high Olympus.
A foe to tyrants, and my country’s friend.
A foolish heart, that I leave here behind.
A foolish thought, to say a sorry sight.
A fox when one has caught her And such a daughter Should sure to the slaughter, If my cap would buy a halter.
A friend of Antony’s.
A friend should bear his friend’s infirmities, But Brutus makes mine greater than they are.
A friend?
A friend.
A friendly eye could never see such faults.
A gallant curtal-axe upon my thigh, A boar-spear in my hand, and in my heart Lie there what hidden woman’s fear there will, We’ll have a swashing and a martial outside— As many other mannish cowards have That do outface it with their semblances.
A gentle riddance.—Draw the curtains, go.— Let all of his complexion choose me so.
A gentle scroll.
A gentleman, Nurse, that loves to hear himself talk, and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind stoops not to shows of dross.
A good and virtuous nature may recoil In an imperial charge.
A good direction, warlike sovereign.
A good epithet!
A good knave.
A good lenten answer.
A good man’s fortune may grow out at heels.
A good matter, surely.
A good moral, my lord: it is not enough to speak, but to speak true.
A good note, that keeps you from the blow of the law.
A good old commander and a most kind gentleman.
A good persuasion.
A good sharp fellow.
A good soft pillow for that good white head Were better than a churlish turf of France.
A good swift simile, but something currish.
A good wench, give it me.
A goodly one, in which there are many confines, wards, and dungeons, Denmark being one o' th' worst.
A grandam’s name is little less in love Than is the doting title of a mother.
A grave?
A great suspicion.
A greater gift than that I’ll give my cousin.
A greater gift?
A greater power than we can contradict Hath thwarted our intents.
A grievous fault.—Say, woman, didst thou so?
A guiltless death I die.
A halter gratis, nothing else, for God’s sake.
A heavy sight!
A heavy summons lies like lead upon me, And yet I would not sleep.
A hit, a very palpable hit.
A holy day shall this be kept hereafter.
A hornèd man’s a monster and a beast.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse!
A howling monster, a drunken monster.
A hundred marks, my Kate does put her down.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
A joint stool.
A kind good night to all!
A king, a king!
A king, perhaps— My lord— How chance the prophet could not at that time Have told me, I being by, that I should kill him?
A lady, sir, though it was said she much resembled me, was yet of many accounted beautiful.
A lantern, slaughtered youth, For here lies Juliet, and her beauty makes This vault a feasting presence full of light.
A laughter.
A lean cheek, which you have not; a blue eye and sunken, which you have not; an unquestionable spirit, which you have not; a beard neglected, which you have not—but I pardon you for that, for simply your having in beard is a younger brother’s revenue.
A likely piece of work, that you should find it in your chamber, and not know who left it there!
A lioness hath whelpèd in the streets, And graves have yawned and yielded up their dead.
A little water clears us of this deed.
A little, by your favor.
A lord to a lord, a man to a man, stuffed with all honorable virtues.
A love song, a love song.
A lover is more condoling.
A madness most discreet, A choking gall, and a preserving sweet.
A maiden never bold, Of spirit so still and quiet that her motion Blushed at herself.
A man is master of his liberty; Time is their master, and when they see time They’ll go or come.
A man may see how this world goes with no eyes.
A man no mightier than thyself or me In personal action, yet prodigious grown, And fearful as these strange eruptions are.
A man that had a wife with such a wit, he might say “Wit, whither wilt?”  Nay, you might keep that check for it, till you met your wife’s wit going to your neighbor’s bed.
A man, as you are.
A man, sir.
A man, young lady!
A many of our bodies shall no doubt Find native graves, upon the which, I trust, Shall witness live in brass of this day’s work.
A marvelous witty fellow, I assure you, but I will go about with him.—Come you hither, sirrah, a word in your ear.
A match!
A match!
A mellifluous voice, as I am true knight.
A merry whoreson, ha!
A messenger from Caesar.
A messenger from the galleys.
A mighty man of Pisa.
A mighty strength they carry.
A miracle!
A monster, a very monster in apparel, and not like a Christian footboy or a gentleman’s lackey.
A more unhappy lady, If this division chance, ne’er stood between, Praying for both parts.
A most extracting frenzy of mine own From my remembrance clearly banished his.
A most high miracle!
A most manly wit, Margaret, it will not hurt a woman.
A most miraculous work in this good king, Which often since my here-remain in England I have seen him do.
A most poor credulous monster.—Well drawn, monster, in good sooth!
A most poor man made tame to fortune’s blows, Who by the art of known and feeling sorrows Am pregnant to good pity.
A most ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard.
A most scurvy monster.
A most unhappy one.
A most wicked Sir Oliver, Audrey, a most vile Martext.
A night is but small breath and little pause To answer matters of this consequence.
A noble duke, in nature As in name.
A noble prisoner!
A noble ship of Venice Hath seen a grievous wreck and sufferance On most part of their fleet.
A pack of blessings light upon thy back, Happiness courts thee in her best array,
A pair of stocks, you rogue!
A parlous boy!
A peevish schoolboy, worthless of such honor, Joined with a masker and a reveler!
A pestilent gall to me!
A piece of him.
A piece of ice.
A piece of work that will make sick men whole.
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague upon the tyrant that I serve!
A plague upon this howling!
A plague upon you all!
A plague upon you, murderers, traitors all!
A play there is, my lord, some ten words long, Which is as brief as I have known a play.
A pleasing cordial, princely Buckingham, Is this thy vow unto my sickly heart.
A poor unfortunate beggar.
A poor virgin, sir, an ill-favored thing, sir, but mine own.
A pound of man’s flesh taken from a man Is not so estimable, profitable neither, As flesh of muttons, beefs, or goats.
A pox o' your bottle!
A pox of drowning thyself!
A privilege never to see me more.
A proper man.
A proper saying!
A quarrel, but nothing wherefore.
A quarrel, ho, already?
A rarer spirit never Did steer humanity, but you gods will give us Some faults to make us men.
A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.
A right good markman!
A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the same he promised me a chain.
A ripe age.
A Roman.
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap, And munched, and munched, and munched.
A second Daniel!—A Daniel, Jew!
A segregation of the Turkish fleet.
A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage.
A sibyl, that had numbered in the world The sun to course two hundred compasses, In her prophetic fury sewed the work.
A sick man in sadness makes his will, A word ill urged to one that is so ill.
A sight most pitiful in the meanest wretch, Past speaking of in a king.
A simple countryman that brought her figs.
A single thing, as I am now, that wonders To hear thee speak of Naples.
A sister I bequeath you whom no brother Did ever love so dearly.
A sleeve?
A solemn air and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy cure thy brains, Now useless, boiled within thy skull.—There stand, For you are spell-stopped.—   Mine eyes, ev'n sociable to the show of thine, Fall fellowly drops.
A soothsayer bids you beware the ides of March.
A southwest blow on ye And blister you all o'er!
A sovereign shame so elbows him.
A spirit I am indeed, But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate.
A spirit, a spirit.
A spirit?
A stone-cutter or painter could not have made him so ill though they had been but two years o' th' trade.
A stoup of wine!
A strange fish!
A substitute shines brightly as a king Until a king be by, and then his state Empties itself, as doth an inland brook Into the main of waters.
A surgeon!
A sweet woman!
A sweeter and a Lovellier gentleman, Framed in the prodigality of nature, Young, valiant, wise, and, no doubt, right royal, The spacious world cannot again afford.
A tailor made thee.
A tailor make a man?
A thing for me?
A third cannot be matched unless the devil himself turn Jew.
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand thousand!
A thousand times the worse to want thy light.
A thousand, sir, Early though ’t be, have on their riveted trim And at the port expect you.
A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes.
A touch, a touch, I do confess ’t.
A trade, sir, that I hope I may use with a safe conscience, which is, indeed, sir, a mender of bad soles.
A traveler.
A truant disposition, good my lord.
A trusty villain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humor with his merry jests.
A turn or two I’ll walk To still my beating mind.
A velvet dish!
A vengeance on your crafty withered hide!
A very dishonest paltry boy, and more a coward than a hare.
A very even way, but no such friend.
A very fine one.
A very forward March-chick!
A very gentle beast, of a good conscience.
A very handsome man.
A very honest-hearted fellow, and as poor as the king.
A very mean meaning.
A very pleasing night to honest men.
A very weak monster.
A victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers.
A wandering knight?
A whole one, I.
A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
A worthy pioneer!
A wreck past hope he was.
A wretched soul, bruised with adversity We bid be quiet when we hear it cry, But were we burdened with like weight of pain, As much or more we should ourselves complain.
Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord, That would reduce these bloody days again, And make poor England weep in streams of blood!
Abhor it, fear it, do not enter it.
Abhorrèd slave, Which any print of goodness wilt not take, Being capable of all ill!
Abhorred villain!
Abide within.
Aboard, aboard, for shame!
Abominable villain!
About a hoop of gold, a paltry ring That she did give me, whose posy was For all the world like cutler’s poetry Upon a knife, “Love me and leave me not.” What talk you of the posy or the value?
About it, and write “happy” when thou’st done.
About it!
About the ninth hour, lady.
About the wood go swifter than the wind, And Helena of Athens look thou find— All fancy-sick she is and pale of cheer, With sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear.
About your years, my lord.
About!
Above my fortunes, yet my state is well.
Accost, Sir Andrew, accost.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Acquaint her here of my son Paris' love, And bid her, mark you me, on Wednesday next— But, soft!
Added to these, Of knights, esquires, and gallant gentlemen, Eight thousand and four hundred, of the which, Five hundred were but yesterday dubbed knights.
Addicted so and so.—” And there put on him What forgeries you please.
Adieu, adieu, adieu.
Adieu, adieu!
Adieu, be vigitant, I beseech you.
Adieu, good Monsieur Melancholy.
Adieu, good neighbor.
Adieu, good Queen.
Adieu, Lest our old robes sit easier than our new!
Adieu, noble Agrippa.
Adieu, Till your return at night.
Adieu!
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adultery?
Advantage is a better soldier than rashness.
Advise the duke where you are going, to a most festinate preparation.
Advise your fellows so.
Advise yourself.
Affection is not rated from the heart.
Affection!
After a little time, I’ll beat him too.
After dinner Your hazard shall be made.
After her, after her.
After my death, the one half of my lands, And, in possession, twenty thousand crowns.
After so long grief, such nativity!
After the battle let George Stanley die.
Again!
Against all rules of nature, and must be driven To find out practices of cunning hell Why this should be.
Against my brother Lucius?
Against my soul’s pure truth why labour you To make it wander in an unknown field?
Against my will I am sent to bid you come in to dinner.” There’s a double meaning in that.
Against my will, I am sent to bid you come in to dinner.
Age cannot wither her, nor custom stale Her infinite variety.
Age, thou art shamed!
Ah ha!
Ah keeper, keeper, I have done those things, That now give evidence against my soul, For Edward’s sake, and see how he requites me.— O God, if my deep prayers cannot appease thee, But thou wilt be avenged on my misdeeds, Yet execute thy wrath in me alone!
Ah me!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Ah, Buckingham, now do I play the touch, To try if thou be current gold indeed.
Ah, but I think him better than I say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse.
Ah, cut my lace asunder, That my pent heart may have some scope to beat, Or else I swoon with this dead-killing news!
Ah, dear, if I be so, From my cold heart let heaven engender hail, And poison it in the source, and the first stone Drop in my neck.
Ah, Desdemona, away, away, away!
Ah, do not tear away thyself from me!
Ah, for my husband, for my dear lord Edward!
Ah, for our father, for our dear lord Clarence!
Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me?
Ah, ha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward!
Ah, he is young, and his minority Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester, A man that loves not me nor none of you.
Ah, how much might the man deserve of me that would right her!
Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy Be heaped like mine, and that thy skill be more To blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath This neighbor air, and let rich music’s tongue Unfold the imagined happiness that both Receive in either by this dear encounter.
Ah, let be, let be!
Ah, Luciana, did he tempt thee so?
Ah, my back, my back!
Ah, my good lord, what have I seen tonight!
Ah, my poor princes!
Ah, my tender babes, My unblown flowers, new-appearing sweets, If yet your gentle souls fly in the air And be not fixed in doom perpetual, Hover about me with your airy wings And hear your mother’s lamentation.
Ah, poor heart, he is so shaked of a burning quotidian tertian that it is most lamentable to behold.
Ah, Rosencrantz!
Ah, sirrah, a body would think this was well-counterfeited.
Ah, soldier!
Ah, that good Kent— He said it would be thus, poor banished man.
Ah, that’s a foul fault.
Ah, this thou shouldst have done And not have spoke on ’t!
Ah, thou spell!
Ah, Tranio, what a cruel father’s he!
Ah, welladay!
Ah, where’s my man?—Give me some aqua vitae.— These griefs, these woes, these sorrows make me old.
Ah, women, women!
Aha!
Alack the day, I know you not, young gentleman.
Alack the day!
Alack the day!
Alack the day.
Alack, ’tis he.
Alack, alack the day!
Alack, alack, Edmund, I like not this unnatural dealing.
Alack, alack!
Alack, alack!
Alack, for mercy!
Alack, for pity!
Alack, I love myself.
Alack, my lord, that fault is none of yours.
Alack, my lord, what do you mean by that?
Alack, our terrene moon is now eclipsed, And it portends alone the fall of Antony.
Alack, poor gentleman!
Alack, sir, he is mad.
Alack, sir, I am sand-blind.
Alack, sir, you cannot see your way.
Alack, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child!
Alack, what noise is this?
Alack, what trouble Was I then to you!
Alack, why thus?
Alas for both, both mine, Edward and Clarence!
Alas Iago, What shall I do to win my lord again?
Alas now, pray you, Work not so hard.
Alas the day, it did.
Alas the day!
Alas the day!
Alas the day!
Alas, alas!
Alas, and woe!
Alas, gentlemen— Help, ho!— Lieutenant—sir, Montano— Help, masters!—Here’s a goodly watch indeed!
Alas, good Cassio!
Alas, good gentleman!
Alas, good Kate, I will not burden thee, For knowing thee to be but young and light— Too light for such a swain as you to catch, And yet as heavy as my weight should be.
Alas, he faints!
Alas, he is betrayed and I undone.
Alas, he is too young.
Alas, how shall this bloody deed be answered?
Alas, I am the mother of these griefs.
Alas, I rather hate myself For hateful deeds committed by myself.
Alas, I sent you money to redeem you By Dromio here, who came in haste for it.
Alas, I took great pains to study it, and ’tis poetical.
Alas, Iago, my lord hath so bewhored her, Thrown such despite and heavy terms upon her, That true hearts cannot bear it.
Alas, Malvolio, this is not my writing, Though, I confess, much like the character.
Alas, my liege, my wife is dead tonight.
Alas, my lord, Your wisdom is consumed in confidence.
Alas, poor caitiff!
Alas, poor country!
Alas, poor ghost!
Alas, poor Harry of England!
Alas, poor hurt fowl, now will he creep into sedges.
Alas, poor rogue, I think indeed she loves me.
Alas, poor Romeo!
Alas, poor shepherd, searching of thy wound, I have by hard adventure found mine own.
Alas, she hath from France too long been chased, And all her husbandry doth lie on heaps, Corrupting in its own fertility.
Alas, sir, be patient.
Alas, sir, it is worse for me than so, For I have bills for money by exchange From Florence, and must here deliver them.
Alas, that they are so, To die even when they to perfection grow!
Alas, the storm is come again!
Alas, their love may be called appetite, No motion of the liver, but the palate, That suffer surfeit, cloyment, and revolt; But mine is all as hungry as the sea, And can digest as much.
Alas, then she is drowned.
Alas, thou hast misconstrued everything!
Alas, too soon We came aboard.
Alas, what cry is that?
Alas, what danger will it be to us, Maids as we are, to travel forth so far?
Alas, what does this gentleman conceive?
Alas, what ignorant sin have I committed?
Alas, what is the matter?
Alas, who knows?
Alas, why gnaw you so your nether lip?
Alas, why would you heap this care on me?
Alas, you know not.
Alas!
Albeit you have deserved High commendation, true applause, and love, Yet such is now the duke’s condition That he misconsters all that you have done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his cholers and his moods and his displeasures and his indignations, and also being a little intoxicates in his prains, did, in his ales and his angers, look you, kill his best friend, Cleitus.
Alexas!
Alive in triumph—and Mercutio slain!
All blessed secrets, All you unpublished virtues of the earth, Spring with my tears.
All but mariners Plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel, Then all afire with me.
All but Metellus Cimber, and he’s gone To seek you at your house.
All come to this?
All comfort that the dark night can afford Be to thy person, noble father-in-law.
All dead.
All disconsolate, With Pindarus his bondman on this hill.
All eyes!
All for our vantage.
All for your delight We are not here.
All hail, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
All hell shall stir for this.
All is but toys.
All is confirmed, my lord, which was reported.
All is lost!
All is not well.
All is the fear and nothing is the love, As little is the wisdom, where the flight So runs against all reason.
All lost!
All may be well enough.
All may be well; but if God sort it so, 'Tis more than we deserve or I expect.
All men call thee fickle.
All men I hope live so.
All men’s faces are true, whatsome’er their hands are.
All my pretty ones?
All my reports go with the modest truth, Nor more, nor clipped, but so.
All myself?
All of us have cause To wail the dimming of our shining star, But none can help our harms by wailing them.— Madam, my mother, I do cry you mercy; I did not see your Grace.
All offices are open, and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five till the bell have told eleven.
All other devils that suggest by treasons Do botch and bungle up damnation With patches, colors, and with forms being fetched From glist'ring semblances of piety.
All ports I’ll bar.
All ready.
All schooldays' friendship, childhood innocence?
All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes, That I, being governed by the watery moon, May send forth plenteous tears to drown the world.
All strange and terrible events are welcome, But comforts we despise.
All take hands.
All that follow their noses are led by their eyes but blind men, and there’s not a nose among twenty but can smell him that’s stinking.
All that glisters is not gold— Often have you heard that told.
All that I have to say is to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon; I, the man in the moon; this thornbush, my thornbush; and this dog, my dog.
All that I will tell you is that the duke hath dined.
All that is spoke is marred.
All that served Brutus, I will entertain them.
All the better.
All the conspirators save only he Did that they did in envy of great Caesar.
All the East, Say thou, shall call her mistress.” So he nodded, And soberly did mount an arm-gaunt steed, Who neighed so high that what I would have spoke Was beastly dumbed by him.
All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand.
All the pictures fairest lined Are but black to Rosalind.
All the power of his wits have given way to his impatience.
All the world desires her.
All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women merely players.
All there is thine.
All these old witnesses—I cannot err— Tell me thou art my son Antipholus.
All things are ready if our minds be so.
All things in common nature should produce Without sweat or endeavor.
All things shall be well.
All things that are, Are with more spirit chasèd than enjoyed.
All this amazement can I qualify When after that the holy rites are ended I’ll tell you largely of fair Hero’s death.
All this done Upon the gad?—Edmund, how now?
All this done, Repair to Pompey’s porch, where you shall find us.
All this is comfort.
All this is so, but what of this, my lord?
All this my sister is, or else should be.
All this”?
All three Now marry in an instant.
All three of them are desperate.
All thy other titles thou hast given away that thou wast born with.
All thy tediousness on me, ah?
All torment, trouble, wonder, and amazement Inhabits here.
All which the Moor is defective in.
All which time Before the gods my knee shall bow my prayers To them for you.
All which we pine for now.
All will be well.
All with me’s meet that I can fashion fit.
All-seeing heaven, what a world is this!
All, all.
All?
All’s but naught.
All’s cheerless, dark, and deadly.
All’s hushed as midnight yet.
All’s one.
All’s well, sweeting, Come away to bed.— Myself will be your surgeon.
All’s well.
Almost afraid to know itself.
Almost at odds with morning, which is which.
Alone, it was the subject of my theme; In company I often glancèd it.
Along with them They brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced villain, A mere anatomy, a mountebank, A threadbare juggler, and a fortune-teller, A needy, hollow-eyed, sharp-looking wretch, A living dead man.
Also King Lewis the Tenth, Who was sole heir to the usurper Capet, Could not keep quiet in his conscience, Wearing the crown of France, till satisfied That fair Queen Isabel, his grandmother, Was lineal of the Lady Ermengare, Daughter to Charles the foresaid duke of Lorraine, By the which marriage the line of Charles the Great Was reunited to the crown of France.
Although I hate her, I’ll not harm her so.
Although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Am I come near ye now?— Welcome, gentlemen!
Am I Dromio?
Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I like such a fellow?
Am I myself?
Am I not an inch of fortune better than she?
Am I not stayed for, Cinna?
Am I not stayed for?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name, Iago?
Am I the motive of these tears, my lord?
Am I your bird?
Am I your man?
Am not I Christopher Sly, old Sly’s son of Burton Heath, by birth a peddler, by education a cardmaker, by transmutation a bearherd, and now by present profession a tinker?
Am not I your Rosalind?
Amaze the welkin with your broken staves—
Ambassadors from Harry King of England Do crave admittance to your Majesty.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
Amen to that, sweet powers!
Amen, amen to that fair prayer, say I.
Amen, amen.
Amen, if you love her, for the lady is very well worthy.
Amen, say we.
Amen, with all my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen.
An ’t be any way, it must be with valor, for policy I hate.
An ’twere to me, I should be mad at it.
An abominable monster!
An adder did it, for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung.
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
An apple, cleft in two, is not more twin Than these two creatures.
An eagle, madam, Hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eye As Paris hath.
An Englishman?
An evil soul producing holy witness Is like a villain with a smiling cheek, A goodly apple rotten at the heart.
An he should, it were an alms to hang him.
An he speak any thing against me, I’ll take him down, an he were lustier than he is, and twenty such Jacks.
An honest man he is, and hates the slime That sticks on filthy deeds.
An honest mind and plain, he must speak truth.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
An I do not— Come, let’s see the event.
An I had been a man of any occupation, if I would not have taken him at a word, I would I might go to hell among the rogues.
An I may hide my face, let me play Thisbe too!
An I might live to see thee married once, I have my wish.
An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, any man should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a quarter.
An if he be not fought withal, my lord, Let us not live in France.
An if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him.
An if I be, sir, is it any offense?
An if I could, what should I get therefore?
An if the wind blow any way from shore, I will not harbor in this town tonight.
An if they live, I hope I need not fear.
An if thou couldst, thou couldst not make him live.
An if you plead as well for them As I can say “nay” to thee for myself, No doubt we bring it to a happy issue.
An if your wife be not a madwoman, And know how well I have deserved the ring, She would not hold out enemy forever For giving it to me.
An interlude!
An inviting eye, and yet methinks right modest.
An it had not fallen flat-long.
An now tell me, how doth your cousin?
An oath of mickle might, and fury shall abate.
An oath, an oath, I have an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is not so kind, my boy.
An please your Majesty, let his neck answer for it, if there is any martial law in the world.
An please your Worship, Brakenbury, You may partake of anything we say.
An the duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I’ll be hanged.
An there be any matter of weight chances, call up me.
An they be not, let them hang themselves in their own straps.
An they will take it, so.
An thou hadst been set i' th' stocks for that question, thou’dst well deserved it.
An thou let part so, Sir Andrew, would thou mightst never draw sword again.
An thou make minstrels of us, look to hear nothing but discords.
An unauthorized kiss!
An we do not, it is pity of our lives.
An you be mine, I’ll give you to my friend.
An you lie, sirrah, we’ll have you whipped.
An you love me, let’s do ’t.
An you part so, mistress, I would I might never draw sword again.
An you will not be answered with reason, I must die.
An your ladyship will have it as it ought to be, you must allow  Prithee, read i' thy right wits.
An’t please your Honor, players That offer service to your Lordship.
An’t please your Majesty, ’tis the gage of one that I should fight withal, if he be alive.
Ancient, what makes he here?
And ’tis great pity that the noble Moor Should hazard such a place as his own second With one of an ingraft infirmity.
And a chain, that you once wore, about his neck.
And a good soldier too, lady.
And a goose for his discretion.
And a true lover of the holy Church.
And after that he came thus sad away?
And all for nothing— For Hecuba!
And all my armor laid into my tent?
And all my children?
And all the better is it for the maid.
And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, The object and the pleasure of mine eye, Is only Helena.
And am I then revenged
And an ill singer, my lord.
And another storm brewing, I hear it sing i' th' wind.
And are not you my husband?
And aroint thee, witch, aroint thee!
And art thou changed?
And art thou living, Stephano?
And as I say, retire with me to my lodging, from whence I will fitly bring you to hear my lord speak.
And as I wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace her.
And as our vineyards, fallows, meads, and hedges, Defective in their natures, grow to wildness, Even so our houses and ourselves and children Have lost, or do not learn for want of time, The sciences that should become our country, But grow like savages, as soldiers will
And as with age his body uglier grows, So his mind cankers.
And ask no other dowry with her but such another jest.
And at her late being here She gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks To noble Edmund.
And badest me bury love.
And be a happy mother by the deed.
And be all traitors that do so?
And be assured you’ll find a difference, As we his subjects have in wonder found, Between the promise of his greener days And these he masters now.
And be not easily won to our requests.
And be not jealous on me, gentle Brutus.
And begged he pardon?
And Benedick is not the unhopefulest husband that I know.
And bid her come hither.
And brief, good mother, for I am in haste.
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
and but I be deceived, Signior Baptista may remember me, Near twenty years ago, in Genoa, Where we were lodgers at the Pegasus.
And but my noble Moor Is true of mind and made of no such baseness As jealous creatures are, it were enough To put him to ill thinking.
And by all means stir on the youth to an answer.
And by how much she strives to do him good She shall undo her credit with the Moor.
And Caesar shall go forth.
And came I not at last to comfort you?
And can you by no drift of conference Get from him why he puts on this confusion, Grating so harshly all his days of quiet With turbulent and dangerous lunacy?
And Cassio killed!
And Cassius too.
And come with naked swords.
And come you now with “knocking at the gate”?
And come yourselves, and bring Messala with you, Immediately to us.
And cries aloud, “Tarry, my cousin Suffolk.
And cross-gartered?
And death, not Romeo, take my maidenhead!
And did not I in rage depart from thence?
And did not she herself revile me there?
And did not they Put on my brows this wreath of victory And bid me give it thee?
And did they bid you tell her of it, madam?
And did you leave him in this contemplation?
And did you see the handkerchief?
And die in music.
And died so?
And died that day when Viola from her birth Had numbered thirteen years.
And discourse fustian with one’s own shadow?
And do it with all thy heart.
And do still, by these pickers and stealers.
And do you now strew flowers in his way That comes in triumph over Pompey’s blood?
And doth affection breed it?
And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you.
And earthly power doth then show likest God’s When mercy seasons justice.
And ere I take this charm from of her sight— As I can take it with another herb— I’ll make her render up her page to me.
And even for that do I love you the more.
And even now, but now, This house, these servants, and this same myself Are yours, my lord’s.
And ever will—though he do shake me off To beggarly divorcement—love him dearly, Comfort forswear me!
And every object that might make me fear Misfortune to my ventures out of doubt Would make me sad.
And fair she is, if that mine eyes be true.
And fair words to them.
And false.
And find I am alone felicitate In your dear highness' love.
And fixed his eyes upon you?
And for Cassio, let me be his undertaker.
And for his cowardship, ask Fabian.
And for his dreams, I wonder he’s so simple To trust the mock'ry of unquiet slumbers.
And for I know she taketh most delight In music, instruments, and poetry, Schoolmasters will I keep within my house, Fit to instruct her youth.
And for mine own part, I durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.
And for my love I pray you wrong me not.
And for my means, I’ll husband them so well, They shall go far with little.
And for my name of George begins with  It follows in his thought that I am he.
And for my sister and her princely sons, Be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood, Which, as thou know’st, unjustly must be spilt.
And for that I promised you, I’ll be as good as my word.
And for the Jew’s bond which he hath of me, Let it not enter in your mind of love.
And for the more better assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver.
And for the rest o' th' fleet, Which I dispersed, they all have met again And are upon the Mediterranean float, Bound sadly home for Naples, Supposing that they saw the king’s ship wracked And his great person perish.
And for the sake of them thou sorrowest for, Do me the favour to dilate at full What hath befall'n of them and thee till now.
And for their sake, In your fair minds let this acceptance take.
And for three months.
And friends with Caesar.
And from hence I go To make these doubts all even.
And from henceforth When you are over-earnest with your Brutus, He’ll think your mother chides and leave you so.
And from her womb children of divers kind We sucking on her natural bosom find, Many for many virtues excellent, None but for some and yet all different.
And from thy hated presence part I so.
And God forbid, my dear and faithful lord, That you should fashion, wrest, or bow your reading, Or nicely charge your understanding soul With opening titles miscreate, whose right Suits not in native colors with the truth; For God doth know how many now in health Shall drop their blood in approbation
And golden Phoebus never be beheld Of eyes again so royal!
And good monsieur, have a care the honey bag break not.
And hath challenged thee?
And hath given countenance to his speech, my lord, With almost all the holy vows of heaven.
And have not we affections, Desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?
And have you mercy too!
And having brought our treasure where we will, Then take we down his load and turn him off, Like to the empty ass, to shake his ears And graze in commons.
And he did bid us follow to the temple.
And he is a very paramour for a sweet voice.
And he that hath commanded is our king.
And he that will not follow Bourbon now, Let him go hence, and with his cap in hand Like a base pander hold the chamber door, Whilst by a slave, no gentler than my dog, His fairest daughter is contaminate.
And he’s gone.
And her sister By her is poisoned.
And here am I, and wood within this wood, Because I cannot meet my Hermia.
And here he stands.
And here I stand, both to impeach and purge, Myself condemnèd and myself excused.
And here much Orlando.
And here my mistress.
And here stands all your state: Either be gone before the watch be set, Or by the break of day disguised from hence.
And here will rest me.
And here’s a marvelous convenient place for our rehearsal.
And here’s another, whose warped looks proclaim What store her heart is made on.
And here’s another, Writ in my cousin’s hand, stol'n from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick.
And his kinsman too.
And his kissing is as full of sanctity as the touch of holy bread.
And his unbookish jealousy must construe Poor Cassio’s smiles, gestures, and light behavior Quite in the wrong.—How do you now, lieutenant?
And how besides thyself?
And how cam’st thou hither?
And how does your content Tender your own good fortune?
And how doth she?
And how like you this shepherd’s life, Master Touchstone?
And how long is that, think you?
And how was that ta'en up?
And how you may be converted I know not, but methinks you look with your eyes as other women do.
And I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I!
And I am sick when I look not on you.
And I am such a tender ass, if my hair do but tickle me, I must scratch.
And I am witness with her that she did.
And I am your Rosalind.
And I another So weary with disasters, tugged with fortune, That I would set my life on any chance, To mend it or be rid on ’t.
And I another.
And I as I love Hastings with my heart.
And I beseech you come again tomorrow.
And I beseech you instantly to visit My too much changèd son.
And I do believe your Majesty takes no scorn to wear the leek upon Saint Tavy’s day.
And I do hope good days and long to see.
And I do know by this they stay for me In Pompey’s porch.
And I do not doubt but to hear them say, “It is a sweet comedy.” No more words.
And I do think she’s thirty.
And I do think—or else this brain of mine Hunts not the trail of policy so sure As it hath used to do—that I have found The very cause of Hamlet’s lunacy.
And I do with an eye of love requite her.
And I for Ganymede.
And I for no woman.
And I for Rosalind.
And I have been all this day to avoid him.
And I have built Two chantries where the sad and solemn priests Sing still for Richard’s soul.
And I have heard Apollodorus carried—   What, I pray you?
And I have met a gentleman Hath promised me to help me to another, A fine musician to instruct our mistress.
And I have reason for it.
And I in all unwillingness will go.
And I know not what’s spent in the search.
And I know, my lord, If law, authority, and power deny not, It will go hard with poor Antonio.
And I mine.
And I must be from thence!
And I must Rid all the sea of pirates, then, to send Measures of wheat to Rome.
And I pray God grant them a fair departure.
And I pray thee now tell me, for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me?
And I remember the kissing of her batler, and the cow’s dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked.
And I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her, from whom I took two cods and, giving her them again, said with weeping tears, “Wear these for my sake.” We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
And I serve the fairy queen  To dew her orbs upon the green.
And I the king shall love thee.
And I trow this is his house.
And I was going to your lodging, Cassio.
And I will purge thy mortal grossness so That thou shalt like an airy spirit go.— Peaseblossom, Cobweb, Moth, and Mustardseed!
And I will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke.
And I with him.
And I would I could find in my heart that I had not a hard heart, for truly I love none.
And I, delivering you, am satisfied, And therein do account myself well paid.
And I, most jocund, apt, and willingly, To do you rest, a thousand deaths would die.
And I, my lord.
And I, my royal sovereign.
And I.
And I.
And I’ll be wise hereafter And seek for grace.
And I’ll go to bed at noon.
And I’ll sleep.
And I’ll still stay, to have thee still forget, Forgetting any other home but this.
And if I cannot, I’ll find those that shall.
And if it sort not well, you may conceal her, As best befits her wounded reputation, In some reclusive and religious life, Out of all eyes, tongues, minds, and injuries.
And if it stand, as you yourself still do, Within the eye of honor, be assured My purse, my person, my extremest means Lie all unlocked to your occasions.
And if on earth he do not merit it, In reason he should never come to heaven.
And if thou prate of mountains let them throw Millions of acres on us, till our ground, Singeing his pate against the burning zone, Make Ossa like a wart!
And if thy poor devoted servant may But beg one favor at thy gracious hand, Thou dost confirm his happiness forever.
And if tomorrow Our navy thrive, I have an absolute hope Our landmen will stand up.
And if you leave me so, you do me wrong.
And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?
And if your love Can labor ought in sad invention, Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb And sing it to her bones.
And in assemblies too.
And in good time here comes the sweating lord.
And in good time here the lieutenant comes.— Master Lieutenant, pray you, by your leave, How doth the prince and my young son of York?
And in good time, Here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke.
And in part him, but,” you may say, “not well.
And in the morn and liquid dew of youth, Contagious blastments are most imminent.
And in the morn I’ll bring you to your ship and so to Naples, Where I have hope to see the nuptial Of these our dear-belovèd solemnized, And thence retire me to my Milan, where Every third thought shall be my grave.
And in the morning early will we both Fly toward Belmont.
And in their ship I am sure Lorenzo is not.
And in this habit Met I my father with his bleeding rings, Their precious stones new lost, became his guide, Led him, begged for him, saved him from despair.
And indeed it takes From our achievements, though performed at height, The pith and marrow of our attribute.
And indeed, my lord, The wretched animal heaved forth such groans That their discharge did stretch his leathern coat Almost to bursting, and the big round tears Coursed one another down his innocent nose In piteous chase.
And is ’t not to be damned To let this canker of our nature come In further evil?
And is he a man to encounter Tybalt?
And is it not well served into a sweet goose?
And is it physical To walk unbracèd and suck up the humors Of the dank morning?
And is it thus?
And is not the grease of a mutton as wholesome as the sweat of a man?
And it is marvel he outdwells his hour, For lovers ever run before the clock.
And it is very much lamented, Brutus, That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye That you might see your shadow.
And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild.
And joy comes well in such a needy time.
And know it now: the senate have concluded To give this day a crown to mighty Caesar.
And laid the love juice on some true love’s sight.
And Launcelot, soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo, who is thy new master’s guest.
And lawfully by this the Jew may claim A pound of flesh to be by him cut off Nearest the merchant’s heart.—Be merciful.
And leave out thee?
And leave us, Publius, lest that the people, Rushing on us, should do your age some mischief.
And let her speak of me before her father.
And let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisbe whisper.
And let him ply his music.
And let his knights have colder looks among you.
And let my liver rather heat with wine Than my heart cool with mortifying groans.
And let no man abide this deed But we the doers.
And let our hearts, as subtle masters do, Stir up their servants to an act of rage And after seem to chide 'em.
And let the wise man fly.
And let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, for there be of them that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too, though in the meantime some necessary question of the play be then to be considered.
And let us do it with no show of fear, No, with no more than if we heard that England Were busied with a Whitsun morris-dance.
And let us swear our resolution.
And liegemen to the Dane.
And look to have it yielded with all kindness.
And look when I am king, claim thou of me The earldom of Hereford, and all the moveables Whereof the king my brother was possessed.
And look you get a prayer book in your hand And stand between two churchmen, good my lord, For on that ground I’ll make a holy descant.
And look, where Publius is come to fetch me.
And lovers' absent hours More tedious than the dial eightscore times!
And made your other love, Demetrius— Who even but now did spurn me with his foot— To call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial?
And maidens call it “love-in-idleness.” Fetch me that flower.
And make him with fair Ægles break his faith, With Ariadne and Antiopa?
And may not young men die as well as old?
And may you prove, sir, master of your art.
And may, but how?
And may, through all the world!
And me too, good Lord!
And mine a hundred and forty.
And mine shall.
And mine, but it grows something stale with me.
And mine, to eke out hers.
And mine, two hundred.
And most chirurgeonly.
And most dear actors, eat no onions nor garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath.
And most poor matters Point to rich ends.
And must she die for this?
And must they all be hanged that swear and lie?
And my heart too.
And my help.
And my trust, Like a good parent, did beget of him A falsehood in its contrary as great As my trust was, which had indeed no limit, A confidence sans bound.
And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.
And neither man nor master would take aught But the two rings.
And never could maintain his part but in the force of his will.
And never, since the middle summer’s spring, Met we on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, By pavèd fountain, or by rushy brook, Or in the beachèd margent of the sea, To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind, But with thy brawls thou hast disturbed our sport.
And not a jot of “Tranio” in your mouth.
And nothing is at a like goodness still.
And now about the cauldron sing, Like elves and fairies in a ring, Enchanting all that you put in.
And now forward with thy tale.
And now I do bethink me, it was she First told me thou wast mad, then camest in smiling, And in such forms which here were presupposed Upon thee in the letter.
And now I have the boy, I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes.
And now I’ll do ’t.
And now methinks I have a mind to it.
And now they do re-stem Their backward course, bearing with frank appearance Their purposes toward Cyprus.
And now to our French causes.
And now who knows But you, Lorenzo, whether I am yours?
And now you know my meaning.
And now, good friends, As you are friends, scholars and soldiers, Give me one poor request.
And now, I pray you, sir— For still ’tis beating in my mind—your reason For raising this sea storm?
And O you mortal engines, whose rude throats The immortal Jove’s dead clamors counterfeit, Farewell!
And of the heat of the ginger.
And of women.
And on that vice in him will my revenge find notable cause to work.
And on the answer, he pays you as surely as your feet hit the ground they step on.
And one Deformed is one of them.
And only in that safety died her brothers.
And out of doubt you do me now more wrong In making question of my uttermost Than if you had made waste of all I have.
And patches will I get unto these cudgeled scars, And swear I got them in the Gallia wars.
And pity to the general wrong of Rome— As fire drives out fire, so pity pity— Hath done this deed on Caesar.
And pluck the wings from painted butterflies To fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes.
And private in his chamber pens himself, Shuts up his windows, locks fair daylight out, And makes himself an artificial night.
And say besides that in Aleppo once, Where a malignant and a turbaned Turk Beat a Venetian and traduced the state, I took by the throat the circumcisèd dog, And smote him, thus.
And sayst thou yet that exile is not death?
And second father This lady makes him to me.
And seemed I ever otherwise to you?
And shall I couple hell?
And shall our quick blood, spirited with wine, Seem frosty?
And shall, or some of us will smart for it.
And shall, sir.
And she as much in love, her means much less To meet her new beloved anywhere.
And she can weep, sir, weep.
And she goes down at twelve.
And she is exceeding wise.
And she is mine, and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius.
And she’s fair I love.
And she’s obedient, as you say, obedient, Very obedient.—Proceed you in your tears.— Concerning this, sir—Oh, well-painted passion!— I am commanded home.—Get you away, I’ll send for you anon.—Sir, I obey the mandate And will return to Venice.—Hence, avaunt!
And since the quarrel Will bear no color for the thing he is, Fashion it thus: that what he is, augmented, Would run to these and these extremities.
And since you know you cannot see yourself So well as by reflection, I, your glass, Will modestly discover to yourself That of yourself which you yet know not of.
And smelt so?
And so adieu, good madam.
And so adieu, sir.
And so am I for no woman.
And so am I for Rosalind.
And so am I revenged.—That would be scanned.
And so am I, being else by faith enforced To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it.
And so did I.
And so do I too, lieutenant.
And so do I.
And so doth mine.
And so falls it out With Rivers, Vaughan, Grey; and so ’twill do With some men else that think themselves as safe As thou and I, who, as thou know’st, are dear To princely Richard and to Buckingham.
And so far am I glad it so did sort, As this their jangling I esteem a sport.
And so far blameless proves my enterprise, That I have 'nointed an Athenian’s eyes.
And so fare thee well.
And so farewell, Signior Lucentio.
And so farewell.—Katherina, you may stay, For I have more to commune with Bianca.
And so good morrow to you every one.
And so had I, but yet, for fashion sake, I thank you too for your society.
And so had mine.
And so have I addressed me.
And so he fell.
And so he goes to heaven.
And so I am, I am.
And so I shall catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter end and she must be blind too.
And so in me, and so, I think, in all.
And so it is, truly, and very notably discharged.
And so it is.
And so it is.
And so no doubt he is, my gracious madam.
And so of men.
And so perchance may he be.
And so return to you, and nothing else?
And so say I.
And so she did.
And so she doth, cousin.
And so swear I.
And so the lion vanished.
And so they are.
And so they parted.
And so we will, provided that he win her.
And so will I.
And so will I.
And so, adieu.
And so, God be with him!
And so, good Capulet—which name I tender As dearly as my own—be satisfied.
And so, his knell is knolled.
And so, I pray thee, call Beatrice.
And so, my lord, adieu.
And so, with no money at all and a little more wit, return again to Venice.
And so, without more circumstance at all, I hold it fit that we shake hands and part.
And some have greatness thrust upon them.” Heaven restore thee!
And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig’s tail Tickling a parson’s nose as he lies asleep, Then he dreams of another benefice.
And sometime lurk I in a gossip’s bowl In very likeness of a roasted crab, And when she drinks, against her lips I bob And on her withered dewlap pour the ale.
And sowing the kernels of it in the sea, bring forth more islands.
And speak ’t again, my lord.
And speak parrot?
And squabble?
And stand indebted, over and above, In love and service to you evermore.
And stay, good Nurse.
And supportable To make the dear loss have I means much weaker Than you may call to comfort you, for I Have lost my daughter.
And take good note What Caesar doth, what suitors press to him.
And tell me now, sweet friend, what happy gale Blows you to Padua here from old Verona?
And tell the Dauphin His jest will savor but of shallow wit When thousands weep more than did laugh at it.
And terms compulsatory, those foresaid lands So by his father lost.
And thane of Cawdor too: went it not so?
And that distilled by magic sleights Shall raise such artificial sprites As by the strength of their illusion Shall draw him on to his confusion.
And that I am he Let me a little show it even in this: That I was constant Cimber should be banished, And constant do remain to keep him so.
And that is Claudio.
And that most deeply to consider is The beauty of his daughter.
And that same vengeance doth He hurl on thee For false forswearing and for murder too.
And that were enough to hang us all.
And that were much he should, for he is given To sports, to wildness and much company.
And that which spites me more than all these wants, He does it under name of perfect love, As who should say, if I should sleep or eat, 'Twere deadly sickness or else present death.
And that you would have me to do!
And that’s but unwholesome food, they say.
And that’s true too.
And the best of me is diligence.
And the business you have broached here cannot be without you, especially that of Cleopatra’s, which wholly depends on your abode.
And the creature run from the cur?
And the hour, I think, is come To give him hearing.
And the queen too, and that presently.
And the rarest that e'er came there.
And the tears of it are wet.
And their tongues rot That speak against us!
And then came Pyramus.
And then give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
And then he drew a dial from his poke And, looking on it with lackluster eye, Says very wisely, “It is ten o'clock.
And then he offered it the third time.
And then the boy, his clerk, That took some pains in writing, he begged mine.
And then the justice, In fair round belly with good capon lined, With eyes severe and beard of formal cut, Full of wise saws and modern instances; And so he plays his part.
And then the moon, like to a silver bow New bent in heaven, shall behold the night Of our solemnities.
And then, as we have ta'en the sacrament, We will unite the white rose and the red.
And then, I hope, thou wilt be satisfied.
And then, sir, does he this, he does— What was I about to say?
And then?
And thence from Athens turn away our eyes To seek new friends and stranger companies.
And there assume some other horrible form, Which might deprive your sovereignty of reason And draw you into madness?
And there is a forerunner come from a fifth, the Prince of Morocco, who brings word the prince his master will be here tonight.
And there she shall at Friar Lawrence' cell Be shrived and married.
And there the snake throws her enameled skin, Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in.
And there were drawn Upon a heap a hundred ghastly women, Transformèd with their fear, who swore they saw Men all in fire walk up and down the streets.
And therefore ’tis called a sensible tale.
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.
And therefore haste away, For we must measure twenty miles today.
And therefore is he idle?
And therefore is Love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguiled.
And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
And therefore tell me, most fair Katherine, will you have me?
And therefore will come.
And therefore, good Grumio, the news.
And therefore, I pray thee, news.
And therefore, like herself—wise, fair and true— Shall she be placèd in my constant soul.
And therefore, since I cannot prove a lover To entertain these fair well-spoken days, I am determinèd to prove a villain And hate the idle pleasures of these days.
And thereof came it that the man was mad.
And these does she apply for warnings and portents And evils imminent, and on her knee Hath begged that I will stay at home today.
And these few precepts in thy memory Look thou character.
And they are gone.
And they have been grand-jurymen since before Noah was a sailor.
And they have conspired together.
And they that are most gallèd with my folly, They most must laugh.
And this cuff was but to knock at your ear and beseech list'ning.
And this may help to thicken other proofs That do demonstrate thinly.
And this our life, exempt from public haunt, Finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in everything.
And this report Hath so exasperated the king that he Prepares for some attempt of war.
And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate, from our dissension.
And this way have you well expounded it.
And this, Metellus Cimber.
And this.
And thither will I straight to visit him.
And those that leave their valiant bones in France, Dying like men though buried in your dunghills, They shall be famed; for there the sun shall greet them And draw their honors reeking up to heaven, Leaving their earthly parts to choke your clime,
And thou must make a dullard of the world, If they not thought the profits of my death Were very pregnant and potential spirits To make thee seek it.”    O strange and fastened villain!
And thou unfit for any place but hell.
And thou, all-shaking thunder, Smite flat the thick rotundity o' th' world, Crack nature’s molds, all germens spill at once That make ingrateful man!
And though I make this marriage for my peace, I’ th’ East my pleasure lies.
And though she be but little, she is fierce.
And though we lay these honors on this man To ease ourselves of divers slanderous loads, He shall but bear them as the ass bears gold, To groan and sweat under the business, Either led or driven, as we point the way.
And though you know my inwardness and love Is very much unto the Prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine honor, I will deal in this As secretly and justly as your soul Should with your body.
And thought they Margaret was Hero?
And thus a while the fit will work on him.
And thus it may be.
And thus she means, videlicet— Asleep, my love?
And thus thy fall hath left a kind of blot To mark the full-fraught man and best endued With some suspicion.
And thy father Was Duke of Milan, and thou his only heir And princess no worse issued.
And till she come, as truly as to heaven I do confess the vices of my blood So justly to your grave ears I’ll present How I did thrive in this fair lady’s love And she in mine.
And till the tears that she hath shed for thee Like envious floods o'errun her lovely face, She was the fairest creature in the world— And yet she is inferior to none.
And time is at his period.
And to deal plainly I fear I am not in my perfect mind.
And to run away from the Jew I should be ruled by the fiend, who, saving your reverence, is the devil himself.
And to see how he prizes the foolish woman your wife!
And to sink in it, should you burthen love— Too great oppression for a tender thing.
And to that end we wished your Lordship here T' avoid the censures of the carping world.
And to that end, sir, I will welcome you.
And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us.
And too soon marred are those so early made.
And Trinculo is reeling ripe.
And true she is, as she hath proved herself.
And trust me, love, in my eye so do you.
And turns the sun to shade.
And twenty of these puny lies I’ll tell, That men shall swear I have discontinued school Above a twelvemonth.
And unrespective boys.
And wast thou fain, poor father, To hovel thee with swine and rogues forlorn In short and musty straw?
And we did think it writ down in our duty To let you know of it.
And we mean well in going to this mask, But ’tis no wit to go.
And we understand him well, How he comes o'er us with our wilder days, Not measuring what use we made of them.
And we will hear it.
And we will mend thy wages.
And we, like friends, will straightway go together.
And we’ll consign thereto.—Will you, fair sister, Go with the princes or stay here with us?
And we’ll wear out In a walled prison packs and sects of great ones That ebb and flow by the moon.
And weep ye now, seeing she is advanced Above the clouds, as high as heaven itself?
And welcome more common, for that’s nothing but words.
And welcome, welcome!
And were the king on ’t, what would I do?
And what art thou that dar’st Appear thus to us?
And what art thou, thou idol ceremony?
And what confederacy have you with the traitors Late footed in the kingdom?
And what have I to give you back whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift?
And what have kings that privates have not too, Save ceremony, save general ceremony?
And what hope is that, I pray thee?
And what noise is this?
And what of all this?
And what of him, Tranio?
And what of him?
And what other oath Than honesty to honesty engaged, That this shall be, or we will fall for it?
And what said he?
And what said Surrey then?
And what say’st thou then to my love?
And what says My concealed lady to our canceled love?
And what should I do in Illyria?
And what they may incense him to, being apt To have his ear abused, wisdom bids fear.
And what to?
And what will you do now?
And what wilt thou do—beg when that is spent?
And what your Highness suffered under that shape, I beseech you take it for your own fault and not mine, for, had you been as I took you for, I made no offense.
And what’s he then that says I play the villain?
And what’s her history?
And what’s the news, good cousin Lodovico?
And what’s to come of my despisèd time Is naught but bitterness.
And whatsoever else shall hap tonight, Give it an understanding, but no tongue.
And when goes hence?
And when he saw my best alarumed spirits, Bold in the quarrel’s right, roused to the encounter, Or whether ghasted by the noise I made, Full suddenly he fled.
And when I do, I swear It shall be Romeo, whom you know I hate, Rather than Paris.
And when I have my meed, I will away, For this will out, and then I must not stay.
And when I have stol'n upon these sons-in-law, Then, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
And when I rear my hand, do you the like, To fall it on Gonzalo.
And when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship to the garish sun.
And when I told thee he was of my counsel Of my whole course of wooing, thou cried’st “Indeed?” And didst contract and purse thy brow together As if thou then hadst shut up in thy brain Some horrible conceit.
And when please you to say so?
And when shalt thou see him again?
And when she is froward, peevish, sullen, sour, And not obedient to his honest will, What is she but a foul contending rebel And graceless traitor to her loving lord?
And when she put it on, she made me vow That I should neither sell nor give nor lose it.
And when she speaks, is it not an alarum to love?
And when she weeps, weeps every little flower, Lamenting some enforcèd chastity.
And when she went away now, “Let this fellow be looked to.” “Fellow!” Not “Malvolio,” nor after my degree, but “fellow.” Why, everything adheres together, that no dram of a scruple, no scruple of a scruple, no obstacle, no incredulous or unsafe circumstance—what can be said?
And when that time comes, Afflict me with thy mocks, pity me not, As till that time I shall not pity thee.
And when the cross blue lightning seemed to open The breast of heaven, I did present myself Even in the aim and very flash of it.
And when the mind is quickened, out of doubt, The organs, though defunct and dead before, Break up their drowsy grave and newly move, With casted slough and fresh legerity.
And when was he wont to wash his face?
And when you do them—     Cassius, be content.
And when your honors mean to solemnize The bargain of your faith, I do beseech you Even at that time I may be married too.
And where the worser is predominant, Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
And where’s Cordelia?— Seest thou this object, Kent?
And wherefore are you gentle, strong, and valiant?
And wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love, so rich within his soul, And tender me, forsooth, affection, But by your setting on, by your consent?
And while thou liv’st, dear Kate, take a fellow of plain and uncoined constancy, for he perforce must do thee right because he hath not the gift to woo in other places.
And who is England’s king but great York’s heir?
And why not the swift foot of time?
And why should Caesar be a tyrant then?
And why, my Lady Wisdom?
And why, sir, must they so?
And will she yet abase her eyes on me, That cropped the golden prime of this sweet prince And made her widow to a woeful bed?
And will you give me leave?
And will you rent our ancient love asunder To join with men in scorning your poor friend?
And will you, being a man of your breeding, be married under a bush like a beggar?
And wilt thou have me?
And wished to see thee cross-gartered.” Cross-gartered?
And with my hand I seal my true heart’s love.
And with the juice of this I’ll streak her eyes And make her full of hateful fantasies.
And yesterday the bird of night did sit Even at noon-day upon the marketplace, Hooting and shrieking.
And yesternight, at supper, You suddenly arose and walked about, Musing and sighing, with your arms across, And when I asked you what the matter was, You stared upon me with ungentle looks.
And yet complainest thou of obstruction?
And yet for aught I see, they are as sick that surfeit with too much as they that starve with nothing.
And yet I do thee wrong to mind thee of it, For thou art framed of the firm truth of valor.
And yet I wish but for the thing I have.
And yet I would not be thee, nuncle.
And yet it is danger To make him even o'er the time he has lost.
And yet it is not: it is but so-so.
And yet my sky shall not want.
And yet no further than a wanton’s bird, That lets it hop a little from his hand Like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, And with a silken thread plucks it back again, So loving-jealous of his liberty.
And yet no matter.
And yet she’ll kneel and pray, I have seen her do ’t.
And yet thou wilt tutor me from quarreling!
And yet to win her, all the world to nothing!
And yet, by the very fangs of malice I swear, I am not that I play.
And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays.
And yon tall anchoring bark,
And yonder, Caesar.
And you all know, security Is mortals' chiefest enemy.
And you are come in very happy time To bear my greeting to the senators And tell them that I will not come today.
And you are well met, Signior Hortensio.
And you by land.
And you by land.
And you must cut this flesh from off his breast.
And you shall be satisfied.
And you shall speak In the same pulpit whereto I am going, After my speech is ended.
And you too, gentle Hero?
And you too, sir.
And you, fair sister.
And you, good sir.
And you, good yeoman, Whose limbs were made in England, show us here The mettle of your pasture.
And you, sir, for this chain arrested me.
And you, sir.
And you, sir.
And you, sir.
And you.
And your experience makes you sad.
And your horse now would make him an ass.
And your reports have set the murder on.
And yours of Helena to me bequeath, Whom I do love and will do till my death.
And, as he fell, did Romeo turn and fly.
And, as I am an honest Puck,  If we have unearnèd luck  Now to ’scape the serpent’s tongue,  We will make amends ere long.
And, as the jest did glance away from me, 'Tis ten to one it maimed you two outright.
And, as thou badest me, In troops I have dispersed them 'bout the isle.
And, as you said (and wisely was it said) 'Tis meet that some more audience than a mother— Since nature makes them partial—should o'erhear The speech, of vantage.
And, being done, thus Wall away doth go.
And, being men, bearing the will of Caesar, It will inflame you, it will make you mad.
And, but for ceremony, such a wretch, Winding up days with toil and nights with sleep, Had the forehand and vantage of a king.
And, Demetrius, The more you beat me, I will fawn on you.
And, dying so, death is to him advantage; or not dying, the time was blessedly lost wherein such preparation was gained.
And, for his passage, The soldiers' music and the rites of war Speak loudly for him.
And, for thou wast a spirit too delicate To act her earthy and abhorred commands, Refusing her grand hests, she did confine thee, By help of her more potent ministers And in her most unmitigable rage, Into a cloven pine, within which rift Imprisoned thou didst painfully remain A dozen years; within which space she died And left thee there, where thou didst vent thy groans As fast as mill wheels strike.
And, friends, disperse yourselves.
And, gentle friends, Let’s kill him boldly but not wrathfully.
And, gentle master, I received no gold.
And, gentle Puck, take this transformèd scalp From off the head of this Athenian swain, That, he awaking when the other do, May all to Athens back again repair And think no more of this night’s accidents But as the fierce vexation of a dream.
And, good boy, good night.
And, good lieutenant, I think you think I love you.
And, good night, sweet friend.
And, hark!
And, honest company, I thank you all, That have beheld me give away myself To this most patient, sweet and virtuous wife.
And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith, and my heart of steel, She had transformed me to a curtal dog and made me turn i' th' wheel.
And, in conclusion, she shall watch all night, And if she chance to nod I’ll rail and brawl, And with the clamor keep her still awake.
And, Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then yours is France and you are mine.
And, moreover, God saw him when he was hid in the garden.
And, pretty fool, it stinted and said “ay.” Enough of this.
And, sir, tonight I do entreat that we may sup together.
And, sister, as the winds give benefit And convey is assistant, do not sleep, But let me hear from you.
And, to inure thyself to what thou art like to be, cast thy humble slough and appear fresh.
And, you know, his means, If he improve them, may well stretch so far As to annoy us all; which to prevent, Let Antony and Caesar fall together.
Andrew Aguecheek”
Angels and ministers of grace defend us!
Angels are bright still, though the brightest fell.
Anon we’ll drink a measure The table round.
Anon, anon!
Anon, as patient as the female dove When that her golden couplets are disclosed, His silence will sit drooping.
Anon!
Anon!
Another general shout!
Another Hero!
Another hit.
Another way I have to man my haggard, To make her come and know her keeper’s call.
Answer as I call you.—Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer every man directly.
Answer me directly.
Answer me in one word.
Answer me like men.
Answer my life my judgment, Thy youngest daughter does not love thee least, Nor are those empty-hearted whose low sound Reverbs no hollowness.
Answer to that.
Antonio and old Shylock, both stand forth.
Antonio is a good man.
Antonio never yet was thief or pirate, Though, I confess, on base and ground enough, Orsino’s enemy.
Antonio shall become bound, well.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I am married to a wife Which is as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, I arrest thee at the suit of Count Orsino.
Antonio, O my dear Antonio!
Antonio.
Antony Did tell me of you, bade me trust you, but I do not greatly care to be deceived, That have no use for trusting.
Antony only, that would make his will Lord of his reason.
Antony will use his affection where it is.
Antony, Leave thy lascivious wassails.
Any bar, any cross, any impediment will be med'cinable to me.
Any man that can write may answer a letter.
Any strange beast there makes a man.
Anything that’s mended is but patched.
Anything.
Apollo plays, And twenty cagèd nightingales do sing: Or wilt thou sleep?
Apothecary!
Appear and pertly!— No tongue.
Appear thou in the likeness of a sigh!
Approach and speak.
Approach the chamber, and destroy your sight With a new Gorgon.
Approach thou like the rugged Russian bear, The armed rhinoceros, or th' Hyrcan tiger; Take any shape but that, and my firm nerves Shall never tremble.
Approach, my Ariel, come.
Approach, Sir Andrew.
Approach.
Are all thy conquests, glories, triumphs, spoils, Shrunk to this little measure?
Are his wits safe?
Are my deserts no better?
Are not these woods More free from peril than the envious court?
Are not you he?
Are our eyes our own?
Are there balance here to weigh The flesh?
Are there no stones in heaven But what serve for the thunder?—Precious villain!
Are these things spoken, or do I but dream?
Are these, I pray you, wind instruments?
Are they “informed” of this?
Are they all ready?
Are they good?
Are they like to take dust, like Mistress Mall’s picture?
Are they married, think you?
Are they not now upon the western shore, Safe-conducting the rebels from their ships?
Are they returned?
Are they so followed?
Are those my tents where I perceive the fire?
Are we all met?
Are we all ready?
Are yet two Romans living such as these?
Are you a comedian?
Are you a god?
Are you a man?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the maid you talk of, yea or no?
Are you acquainted with the difference That holds this present question in the court?
Are you answered?
Are you content to stay?
Are you crept hither to see the wrestling?
Are you drawn forth among a world of men To slay the innocent?
Are you fair?
Are you full of them?
Are you good men and true?
Are you he?
Are you his brother?
Are you my wife and will not call me “husband”?
Are you native of this place?
Are you not a strumpet?
Are you not good?
Are you not Kent?
Are you not well?
Are you now going to dispatch this thing?
Are you of good or evil?
Are you our daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so gospeled To pray for this good man and for his issue, Whose heavy hand hath bowed you to the grave And beggared yours forever?
Are you so hasty now?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure That we are awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Are you there, wife?
Are you wise?
Are you yet determined Today to marry with my brother’s daughter?
Are you yet living?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, thy charge Exactly is performed.
Arise, and say how thou camest here.
Arise, arise, Awake the snorting citizens with the bell Or else the devil will make a grandsire of you.
Arise, dissembler.
Arise, I say!
Arise, you shall not kneel.
Arise.
Arm you, I pray you, to this speedy voyage.
Arm, arm, my lord.
Armed, brother?
Armed, my lord.
Armed, say you?
Arms, arms, sword, fire, corruption in the place!
Arms, take your last embrace.
Aroint thee, witch!” the rump-fed runnion cries.
Arrest him, officer.
Art not thou the Lady Olivia’s fool?
Art of this house?
Art rich?
Art thou a churchman?
Art thou a man?
Art thou afeard To be the same in thine own act and valor As thou art in desire?
Art thou afeard?
Art thou aught else but place, degree, and form, Creating awe and fear in other men, Wherein thou art less happy, being feared, Than they in fearing?
Art thou contented, Jew?
Art thou gone so, love, lord?
Art thou good at these kickshawses, knight?
Art thou his friend?
Art thou indeed?
Art thou learned?
Art thou mad?
Art thou my son?
Art thou not Romeo, and a Montague?
Art thou of Cornish crew?
Art thou so bare and full of wretchedness, And fear’st to die?
Art thou so hasty?
Art thou some god, some angel, or some devil That makest my blood cold and my hair to stare?
Art thou the slave that with thy breath hast killed Mine innocent child?
Art thou there, Diomed?
Art thou thus boldened, man, by thy distress Or else a rude despiser of good manners, That in civility thou seem’st so empty?
Art thou wise?
As ’tis said, the bastard son of Gloucester.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
As a walled town is more worthier than a village, so is the forehead of a married man more honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor.
As birds do, Mother.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him.
As easy mayst thou the intrenchant air With thy keen sword impress as make me bleed.
As ever you come of women, come in quickly to Sir John.
As far, my lord, as will fill up the time 'Twixt this and supper.
As for my wife, I would you had her spirit in such another.
As freely, son, as God did give her me.
As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly I from her that would be my wife.
As from your graves rise up, and walk like sprites, To countenance this horror!
As good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good cause as one would desire.
As great to me as late.
As he shall smile, Othello shall go mad.
As he was fortunate, I rejoice at it.
As he was valiant, I honor him.
As hell, Sir Topas.
As I am a gentleman, I will live to be thankful to thee for ’t.
As I am an honest man, he looks pale.—Art thou sick, or angry?
As I am an honest man, I thought you had received some bodily wound.
As I am Egypt’s queen, Thou blushest, Antony, and that blood of thine Is Caesar’s homager.
As I descended?
As I did sleep under this yew tree here, I dreamt my master and another fought, And that my master slew him.
As I did stand my watch upon the hill, I looked toward Birnam, and anon methought The wood began to move.
As I discern, It burneth in the Capels' monument.
As I do live, my honored lord, ’tis true.
As I have life and honor, there shall he sit till noon.
As I intend to prosper and repent, So thrive I in my dangerous affairs Of hostile arms!
As I learned, The night before there was no purpose in them Of this remove.
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I stood here below, methought his eyes Were two full moons.
As I suck blood, I will some mercy show.
As I!
As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun, Did murder her, as that name’s cursed hand Murdered her kinsman.
As if time were in debt.
As ignorant as dirt!
As it determines, so Dissolve my life!
As it ebbs, the seedsman Upon the slime and ooze scatters his grain, And shortly comes to harvest.
As long as heaven and nature lengthens it.
As long as hell and Richard likes of it.
As love is, my lord, before it loves.
As manhood shall compound.
As mine eyes opened, I saw their weapons drawn.
As mine on hers, so hers is set on mine, And all combined, save what thou must combine By holy marriage.
As much to him, else is his thanks too much.
As much unto my good Lord Chamberlain.
As of a man faithful and honorable.
As plain as I see you now.
As proper men as ever trod upon neat’s leather have gone upon my handiwork.
As she is mine, I may dispose of her— Which shall be either to this gentleman Or to her death—according to our law Immediately provided in that case.
As strange as the thing I know not.
As sure, my liege, as I do see your Grace.
As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle— O Antony!—Nay, I will take thee too.
As sweet repose and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast.
As the cony that you see dwell where she is kindled.
As the ox hath his bow, sir, the horse his curb, and the falcon her bells, so man hath his desires; and as pigeons bill, so wedlock would be nibbling.
As the time, the place, and the condition of this country stands, I could heartily wish this had not befallen.
As they pass by, pluck Casca by the sleeve, And he will, after his sour fashion, tell you What hath proceeded worthy note today.
As thick as tale Can post with post, and every one did bear Thy praises in his kingdom’s great defense, And poured them down before him.
As thou art to thyself.
As thou got’st Milan, I’ll come by Naples.
As thou'rt a man, Give me the cup.
As well as I can, madam.
As wicked dew as e'er my mother brushed With raven’s feather from unwholesome fen Drop on you both!
As willingly as e'er I came from school.
As wit and fortune will.
As with the meat, some undeservèd fault I’ll find about the making of the bed, And here I’ll fling the pillow, there the bolster, This way the coverlet, another way the sheets.
As woman’s love.
As you are old and reverend, should be wise.
As you from crimes would pardoned be, Let your indulgence set me free.
As you on him, Demetrius dote on you!
As you shall prove us, praise us.
As young as I am, I have observed these three swashers.
Ascend her chamber, hence, and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Ask her forgiveness?
Ask me not what I know.
Ass, I doubt not.
Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Assist, good friends.
Assume a virtue if you have it not.
Assuredly the thing is to be sold.
At a word, I am not.
At a word, I am not.
At Crosby Place, there shall you find us both.
At every house I’ll call.
At first And last, the hearty welcome.
At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock I shall receive the money for the same.
At home, my lord.
At land indeed Thou dost o’ercount me of my father’s house, But since the cuckoo builds not for himself, Remain in ’t as thou mayst.
At land, thou know’st How much we do o’ercount thee.
At last I left them I' th' filthy-mantled pool beyond your cell, There dancing up to th' chins, that the foul lake O'erstunk their feet.
At last, a little shaking of mine arm And thrice his head thus waving up and down, He raised a sigh so piteous and profound As it did seem to shatter all his bulk And end his being.
At least I’m sure it may be so in Denmark.
At least two glasses.
At mine own house, good lady.
At mine unworthiness, that dare not offer What I desire to give, and much less take What I shall die to want.
At my lodging.
At night we’ll feast together.
At nine i' th' morning here we’ll meet again.
At once, good night.
At our synagogue, Tubal.
At Pembroke, or at Ha'rfordwest in Wales.
At Sardis once, And this last night here in Philippi fields.
At sea, I think.
At seventeen years, many their fortunes seek, But at fourscore, it is too late a week.
At such a time I’ll loose my daughter to him.
At the duke’s oak we meet.
At this hour Lie at my mercy all mine enemies.
At this same ancient feast of Capulet’s Sups the fair Rosaline whom thou so loves With all the admired beauties of Verona.
At thy request, monster, I will do reason, any reason.— Come on, Trinculo, let us sing.
At your choice, sir.
At your kind’st leisure.
At your noble pleasure.
At your request!
Attend the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester.
Aunchient Pistol, I do partly understand your meaning.
Authority.
Avaunt, thou witch!—Come, Dromio, let us go.
Avaunt, you cullions!
Avaunt!
Avoid what is to come.
Avoid, and leave him.
Awake remembrance of these valiant dead And with your puissant arm renew their feats.
Awake, awake!
Awake, I say!
Awake, sir, awake.
Awake!
Away before me to sweet beds of flowers.
Away with him!
Away with him.
Away with it!
Away with the dotard!
Away with the joint-stools, remove the court-cupboard, look to the plate.
Away with us to Athens.
Away, and let me die.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show.
Away, away, be gone.
Away, away, for he is coming hither!
Away, get thee away.
Away, go away!
Away, go!
Away, I do beseech you, both away.
Away, make haste.
Away, old man.
Away, slight man!
Away, then!
Away, then.
Away, Tybalt.
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Away!
Ay me, detested!
Ay me, it is my husband.
Ay me, most wretched, That have my heart parted betwixt two friends That does afflict each other!
Ay me, what news?
Ay me!
Ay me!
Ay—but not yet to die!
Ay, ’tis strong, and it does indifferent well in a dun-colored stock.
Ay, ’twas he that told me on her first.
Ay, a tailor, sir.
Ay, a thousand times.—Peter!
Ay, amen!
Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that Which might appall the devil.
Ay, and a kind one too.
Ay, and a subtle, as he most learnedly delivered.
Ay, and briefly.
Ay, and brought off the field.
Ay, and for that thou diest.
Ay, and he’ll tame her.
Ay, and I’ll give them him without a fee.
Ay, and said nothing but what I protest intendment of doing.
Ay, and that thou and the proudest of you all shall find when he comes home.
Ay, and the time seems thirty unto me, Being all this time abandoned from your bed.
Ay, and this.
Ay, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, Where Caesar fought with Pompey.
Ay, and twenty such.
Ay, and Wall too.
Ay, and wisely.
Ay, are you thereabouts?
Ay, at Philippi.
Ay, ay, the cords.
Ay, ay, three thousand ducats.
Ay, ay.
Ay, ay.
Ay, ay.
Ay, be so, good Touchstone.
Ay, better than him I am before knows me.
Ay, Biddy, come with me.—What, man!
Ay, boy, ready.
Ay, boy.
Ay, but (by your leave) not before me.
Ay, but he will not now be pacified.
Ay, but I know— What dost thou know?
Ay, but not enough.
Ay, but not frighted me.
Ay, but not rough enough.
Ay, but the clerk that never means to do it Unless he live until he be a man.
Ay, but the feet were lame and could not bear themselves without the verse, and therefore stood lamely in the verse.
Ay, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Ay, but their sense is shut.
Ay, but these English are shrewdly out of beef.
Ay, but when?
Ay, but, lady, That policy may either last so long, Or feed upon such nice and waterish diet, Or breed itself so out of circumstances, That, I being absent and my place supplied, My general will forget my love and service.
Ay, by heaven, my lord.
Ay, by my life, And never did desire to see thee more.
Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended.
Ay, Caesar, but not gone.
Ay, Casca.
Ay, Celia, we stayed her for your sake.
Ay, Desdemona.
Ay, do you fear it?
Ay, do.
Ay, dread Queen.
Ay, every inch a king.
Ay, every man away.
Ay, for the state, not for Antonio.
Ay, forsooth.
Ay, gentle cousin, were it light enough.
Ay, go your ways, go your ways.
Ay, good fool.
Ay, good my lord.
Ay, he spoke Greek.
Ay, he was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Ay, he.
Ay, his breast.
Ay, husband.
Ay, I do.
Ay, I praise God, and I have merited some love at his hands.
Ay, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Ay, if a woman live to be a man.
Ay, if I be alive and your mind hold and your dinner worth the eating.
Ay, if I know the letters and the language.
Ay, if Messala will prefer me to you.
Ay, if the devil tempt you to do good.
Ay, if the fool could find it where it lies.
Ay, if you dare do yourself a profit and a right.
Ay, if your self’s remembrance wrong yourself.
Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men, As hounds and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs, Shoughs, water-rugs, and demi-wolves are clept All by the name of dogs.
Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field You do me mischief.
Ay, indeed!
Ay, is ’t, I warrant him.
Ay, it stands so that I may hardly tarry so long.
Ay, leeks is good.
Ay, Lepidus.
Ay, let her rot and perish and be damned tonight, for she shall not live.
Ay, let the county take you in your bed.
Ay, lord.
Ay, madam, but returns again tonight.
Ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands.
Ay, madam, it is common.
Ay, madam, twenty several messengers.
Ay, madam, well, for I was bred and born Not three hours' travel from this very place.
Ay, madam.
Ay, madam.
Ay, marry, am I, sir; and now ’tis plotted!
Ay, marry, are they, sir.
Ay, marry, go, I say, and fetch him hither.— Now, afore God, this reverend holy friar!
Ay, marry, is ’t.
Ay, marry, is ’t.
Ay, marry, must you.
Ay, marry, now unmuzzle your wisdom.
Ay, marry, sir, now it begins to work.
Ay, marry, was ’t, and he put it by thrice, every time gentler than other, and at every putting-by mine honest neighbors shouted.
Ay, marry, what is he?
Ay, marry, why was he sent into England?
Ay, master.
Ay, millstones, as he lessoned us to weep.
Ay, mine own fortune in my misery.
Ay, mistress, and Petruchio is the master, That teacheth tricks eleven and twenty long To tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
Ay, more.
Ay, mother, but I would not have it so.
Ay, my commander.
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, my liege, so please you give us leave.
Ay, my lord, an ’t please you.
Ay, my lord, this same.
Ay, my lord.
Ay, my lord.
Ay, my lord.
Ay, noble lord.
Ay, now am I in Arden, the more fool I.
Ay, on mine honor.
Ay, on my life, and hopes to find you forward Upon his party for the gain thereof; And thereupon he sends you this good news, That this same very day your enemies, The kindred of the queen, must die at Pomfret.
Ay, on the front.
Ay, or any show that you will show him.
Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, Quarreling, drabbing—you may go so far.
Ay, or very falsely pocket up his report.
Ay, past all surgery.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Ay, sir, for three months.
Ay, sir, I have a pretty wit.
Ay, sir, I thank God.
Ay, sir, in Pisa have I often been, Pisa renownèd for grave citizens.
Ay, sir, it is too true, God help the while.
Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band; he that brings any man to answer it that breaks his band; one that thinks a man always going to bed and says “God give you good rest.”  Well, sir, there rest in your foolery.
Ay, sir, they be ready.
Ay, sir, we are some of her trappings.
Ay, sir; there are a crew of wretched souls That stay his cure.
Ay, sir.
Ay, sir.
Ay, so I think.
Ay, so I thought.
Ay, so please your Majesty.
Ay, so we will.
Ay, sooth, so humbled That he hath left part of his grief with me To suffer with him.
Ay, springes to catch woodcocks.
Ay, sweet Rosalind.
Ay, that he did.
Ay, that he was.
Ay, that Petruchio came.
Ay, that’s the way.
Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
Ay, there it is.
Ay, there’s the villany.
Ay, those attires are best.
Ay, thou poor ghost, whiles memory holds a seat In this distracted globe.
Ay, to a niggardly host and more sparing guest.
Ay, to me.
Ay, to the proof, as mountains are for winds, That shakes not, though they blow perpetually.
Ay, too gentle.
Ay, truly, for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness.
Ay, two hours together.
Ay, very well, my lord.
Ay, what else?
Ay, what of that?
Ay, when the special thing is well obtained, That is, her love, for that is all in all.
Ay, widow Dido.
Ay, with a twink.
Ay, with Cassio.
Ay, you did wish that I would make her turn.
Ay, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time, But I will watch you from such watching now.
Ay, you would beg, Were you in my distress.
Ay; and let none enter, lest I break your pate.
Ay.
Ay.
Ay.
Ay.—Fare you well, fair gentleman.
Aye, sir.
Back do I toss these treasons to thy head, With the hell-hated lie o'erwhelm thy heart—
Back you shall not to the house, unless you undertake that with me which with as much safety you might answer him.
Back, slave, or I will break thy pate across.
Bad is the world, and all will come to naught When such ill dealing must be seen in thought.
Bad news, my lord.
Bade him anon return and here speak with me, The which he promised.
Balm his foul head in warm distilled waters And burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet.
Banquo and Donalbain!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
Banquo, thy soul’s flight, If it find heaven, must find it out tonight.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman, To whom my father is not all unknown, And were his daughter fairer than she is, She may more suitors have, and me for one.
Bar Harry England, that sweeps through our land With pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Barnardo has my place.
Barnardo?
Barren my wit?
Base is the slave that pays.
Base Trojan, thou shalt die.
Bassanio told him he would make some speed Of his return.
Basting.
Bate, I beseech you, widow Dido.
Be ’t as our gods will have ’t.
Be ’t so.
Be a child o’ th’ time.
Be aidant and remediate In the good man’s distress.
Be angry when you will, it shall have scope.
Be as ourself in Denmark.—Madam, come.
Be assured We go to use our hands and not our tongues.
Be assured you may.
Be attentive.
Be better at thy leisure.
Be better suited.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
Be bold, and take thy stand.
Be brief, lest that the process of thy kindness Last longer telling than thy kindness' date.
Be brisk 0awhile, and the longer liver take all.
Be by, good madam, when we do awake him.
Be certain, nothing truer.
Be choked with such another emphasis!
Be clamorous, and leap all civil bounds, Rather than make unprofited return.
Be collected.
Be comforted, dear madam.
Be comforted, good madam.
Be curst and brief.
Be eloquent in my behalf to her.
Be factious for redress of all these griefs, And I will set this foot of mine as far As who goes farthest.
Be fickle, fortune, For then, I hope, thou wilt not keep him long, But send him back.
Be gentle to her.
Be gone!
Be happy.
Be it as you shall privately determine, Either for her stay or going.
Be it so, Lysander.
Be it so.
Be Kent unmannerly When Lear is mad.
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman.
Be large in mirth.
Be lion-mettled, proud, and take no care Who chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are.
Be merciful, great duke, to men of mold.
Be merciful, say “death,” For exile hath more terror in his look, Much more than death.
Be near me, that I may remember you.
Be not afeard.
Be not afraid of greatness.” 'Twas well writ.
Be not afraid, though you do see me weaponed.
Be not afraid.
Be not disturbed with my infirmity.
Be not lost So poorly in your thoughts.
Be not offended.
Be not so hasty to confound my meaning.
Be not so.
Be not ta'en tardy by unwise delay.
Be not too late.
Be not too tame neither, but let your own discretion be your tutor.
Be not you ashamed to show, he’ll not shame to tell you what it means.
Be of good cheer, youth.
Be of good cheer.
Be patient till the last.
Be patient, for the prize I’ll bring thee to Shall hoodwink this mischance.
Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.
Be patient, for you shall remain with us.
Be patient, gentlemen.
Be patient.
Be pleased to tell us— For this is from the present—how you take The offers we have sent you.
Be quiet and depart.
Be quiet, people.
Be ruled by me; depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger all to dinner, And about evening come yourself alone To know the reason of this strange restraint.
Be ruled by me.
Be ruled.
Be silent.
Be simple-answered, for we know the truth.
Be subject To no sight but thine and mine, invisible To every eyeball else.
Be that thou know’st thou art, and then thou art As great as that thou fear’st.
Be the Jacks fair within, the Jills fair without, the carpets laid, and everything in order?
Be these the wretches that we played at dice for?
Be this the whetstone of your sword.
Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned, Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell, Be thy intents wicked or charitable, Thou comest in such a questionable shape That I will speak to thee.
Be thou assured, good Cassio, I will do All my abilities in thy behalf.
Be thou familiar but by no means vulgar.
Be thou my witness that against my will, As Pompey was, am I compelled to set Upon one battle all our liberties.
Be thy mouth or black or white,  Do-de, de-de.
Be trusty, and I’ll quit thy pains.
Be valiant, and speed well.
Be warned by me, then: they that ride so, and ride not warily, fall into foul bogs.
Be wary, then.
Be wise, and get you home.
Be witness to me, O thou blessèd moon, When men revolted shall upon record Bear hateful memory, poor Enobarbus did Before thy face repent.
Be you constant in the accusation, and my cunning shall not shame me.
Be you his eunuch, and your mute I’ll be.
Be your tears wet?
Be’st thou sad or merry, The violence of either thee becomes, So does it no man else.—Mett’st thou my posts?
Bear free and patient thoughts.
Bear hence this body and attend our will.
Bear him away.
Bear him my head.
Bear it coldly but till midnight and let the issue show itself.
Bear it straight, And bring thy master home immediately.
Bear me forthwith unto his creditor, And, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it.— Good Master Doctor, see him safe conveyed Home to my house.
Bear me, good friends, where Cleopatra bides.
Bear thee well in it and leave us alone.
Bear them from hence.
Bear welcome in your eye, Your hand, your tongue.
Bear with him, Brutus.
Bear with my weakness.
Bear’st thou her face in mind?
Beat him enough.
Beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat—
Beatrice— In faith, I will go.
Beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold.
Because I would not see thy cruèl nails Pluck out his poor old eyes, nor thy fierce sister In his anointed flesh stick boarish fangs.
Because my name is George.
Because that I familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool and chat with you, Your sauciness will jest upon my love And make a common of my serious hours.
Because that, like a jack, thou keep’st the stroke Betwixt thy begging and my meditation.
Because their business still lies out o' door.
Because they are not eight?
Because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians, you’ll have your daughter covered with a Barbary horse.
Because, look you, you do not love it, nor your affections and your appetites and your digestions does not agree with it, I would desire you to eat it.
Before and apace.
Before God, and in my mind, very wise.
Before me, she’s a good wench.
Before my body I throw my warlike shield.
Before my God, I might not this believe Without the sensible and true avouch Of mine own eyes.
Before the days of change, still is it so.
Before the eyes of both our armies here, Which should perceive nothing but love from us, Let us not wrangle.
Before the time be out?
Before the time I did Lysander see Seemed Athens as a paradise to me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” And breathe twice and cry “So, so!” Each one, tripping on his toe,
Before you hazard, for in choosing wrong I lose your company.
Beg another of thy daughters.
Beggar that I am, I am even poor in thanks; but I thank you, and sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear a halfpenny.
Begin these woodbirds but to couple now?
Begin you to grow upon me?
Begone!
Begone.
Begone.— On, officer, to prison till it come.
Beguiled, divorcèd, wrongèd, spited, slain!
Behind the abbey wall Within this hour my man shall be with thee And bring thee cords made like a tackled stair, Which to the high top-gallant of my joy Must be my convoy in the secret night.
Behind the arras I’ll convey myself To hear the process.
Behold and see.
Behold how like a maid she blushes here!
Behold it stained With his most noble blood.
Behold the ordnance on their carriages, With fatal mouths gaping on girded Harfleur.
Behold the threaden sails, Borne with th' invisible and creeping wind, Draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea, Breasting the lofty surge.
Behold this man.
Behold where stands The usurper’s cursèd head.
Behold, I have a weapon.
Behold, sir.
Behold, there stand the caskets, noble Prince.
Behold: it is the privilege of mine honors, My oath, and my profession.
Behold!
Being done unknown, I should have found it afterwards well done, But must condemn it now.
Being entertained for a perfumer, as I was smoking a musty room, comes me the Prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference.
Being holiday, the beggar’s shop is shut.
Being so frustrate, tell him, he mocks The pauses that he makes.
Being unprepared, Our will became the servant to defect, Which else should free have wrought.
Believe me for mine honor, and have respect to mine honor that you may believe.
Believe me, I am not.
Believe me, I cannot.
Believe me, I had rather have lost my purse Full of crusadoes.
Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook.
Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.
Believe me, no.
Believe me, sir, had I such venture forth, The better part of my affections would Be with my hopes abroad.
Believe me, sir, It carries a brave form.
Believe me, sir, they butt together well.
Believe none of us.
Believe not so.
Believe then, if you please, that I can do strange things.
Believe what?
Belike ’tis but a rumor.
Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes.
Belike his wife, acquainted with his fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way.
Belike some noble gentleman that means, Traveling some journey, to repose him here.
Belike Some things—I know not what.
Belike they had some notice of the people How I had moved them.
Belike this is a man of that quirk.
Belike this show imports the argument of the play.
Belike you slew great number of his people?
Bellario greets your grace.
Belong you to the Lady Olivia, friends?
Belovèd Regan, Thy sister’s naught.
Bemonster not thy feature.
Benedicite.
Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of Signior Leonato?
Benvolio, who began this bloody fray?
Beseech you, father.
Beshrew him for ’t!
Beshrew his soul for me!
Beshrew me but I love her heartily.
Beshrew me, if I would do such a wrong For the whole world.
Beshrew my very heart, I think you are happy in this second match, For it excels your first.
Besides—I ha' not since put up my sword— Against the Capitol I met a lion, Who glared upon me and went surly by, Without annoying me.
Besides, Antonio certified the Duke They were not with Bassanio in his ship.
Besides, he brings his destiny with him.
Besides, his cote, his flocks, and bounds of feed Are now on sale, and at our sheepcote now, By reason of his absence, there is nothing That you will feed on.
Besides, I have some business in the town.
Besides, I like you not.
Besides, in mercy, The constable desires thee thou wilt mind Thy followers of repentance, that their souls May make a peaceful and a sweet retire From off these fields where, wretches, their poor bodies Must lie and fester.
Besides, it should appear that if he had The present money to discharge the Jew, He would not take it.
Besides, old Gremio is heark'ning still, And happily we might be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard.
Besides, she uses me with a more exalted respect than anyone else that follows her.
Besides, the king’s name is a tower of strength Which they upon the adverse party want.
Besides, the knave is handsome, young, and hath all those requisites in him that folly and green minds look after.
Besides, their writers say, King Pepin, which deposèd Childeric, Did, as heir general, being descended Of Blithild, which was daughter to King Clothair, Make claim and title to the crown of France.
Besides, there is no king, be his cause never so spotless, if it come to the arbitrament of swords, can try it out with all unspotted soldiers.
Besides, they all are fresh.
Besides, they are our outward consciences And preachers to us all, admonishing That we should dress us fairly for our end.
Besides, they have burned and carried away all that was in the king’s tent, wherefore the king, most worthily, hath caused every soldier to cut his prisoner’s throat.
Besides, you grow dishonest.
Bespeak him a fortnight before.—I will have the heart of him if he forfeit, for were he out of Venice I can make what merchandise I will.—Go, go, Tubal, and meet me at our synagogue.
Best of comfort, And ever welcome to us.
Best safety lies in fear.
Best you safed the bringer Out of the host.
Bestow it at your pleasure, and believe Caesar’s no merchant, to make prize with you Of things that merchants sold.
Betrayed I am.
Better be with the dead, Whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy.
Better cheer may you have, but not with better heart.
Better I were distract— So should my thoughts be severed from my griefs, And woes by wrong imaginations lose The knowledge of themselves.
Better it were they all came by his father, Or by the father there were none at all, For emulation who shall now be nearest Will touch us all too near if God prevent not.
Better Macbeth Than such an one to reign.
Better once than never, for never too late.
Better thou Hadst not been born than not t' have pleased me better.
Bettering thy loss makes the bad causer worse.
Between who?
Beware Macduff.
Beware Of entrance to a quarrel, but being in, Bear ’t that th' opposèd may beware of thee.
Beware the ides of March.
Beware the thane of Fife.
Beyond imagination is the wrong That she this day hath shameless thrown on me.
Bianca’s love Made me exchange my state with Tranio, While he did bear my countenance in the town, And happily I have arrivèd at the last Unto the wishèd haven of my bliss.
Bid every noise be still.
Bid farewell to your sisters.
Bid Gloucester think of this, and he will weep.
Bid her come hither.
Bid her have good heart.
Bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the jail.
Bid him levy straight The greatest strength and power that he can make And meet me suddenly at Salisbury.
Bid him Report the feature of Octavia: her years, Her inclination.
Bid him set on his powers betimes before, And we will follow.
Bid him therefore consider of his ransom, which must proportion the losses we have borne, the subjects we have lost, the disgrace we have digested, which, in weight to reanswer, his pettiness would bow under.
Bid me farewell.
Bid me tear the bond.
Bid that welcome Which comes to punish us, and we punish it, Seeming to bear it lightly.
Bid the players make haste.
Bid them achieve me and then sell my bones.
Bid them all fly, For when I am revenged upon my charm, I have done all.
Bid them all fly.
Bid them come near.
Bid them move away.
Bid your friends welcome, show a merry cheer.
Bids the winds blow the earth into the sea Or swell the curlèd water 'bove the main, That things might change or cease.
Big Mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host And faintly through a rusty beaver peeps.
Bind fast his corky arms.
Bind him, I say.
Bind up my wounds!
Biondello, what of that?
Black night o'ershade thy day, and death thy life.
Bleed, bleed, poor country!
Bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
Bless thee from whirlwinds, star-blasting, and taking!
Bless thee, Bottom, bless thee.
Bless thy five wits.
Bless us!
Bless you, fair dame!
Blessed pudding!
Blind is his love and best befits the dark.
Bliss be upon you!
Blistered be thy tongue For such a wish!
Bloody constraint, for if you hide the crown Even in your hearts, there will he rake for it.
Bloody, bawdy villain!
Boatswain!
Bondage is hoarse, and may not speak aloud, Else would I tear the cave where Echo lies, And make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine, With repetition of “My Romeo!” It is my soul that calls upon my name.
Bonos dies, Sir Toby.
Borachio.
Borrow Cupid’s wings And soar with them above a common bound.
Both he loves.
Both of you Know Banquo was your enemy.
Both one and other he denies me now.
Both our remedies Within thy help and holy physic lies.
Both sides are even.
Both which, Master Constable— You have.
Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman, And I, to blame, have held him here too long.
Both with an  Ah, mocker, that’s the dog’s name.
Both your majesties Might, by the sovereign power you have of us, Put your dread pleasures more into command Than to entreaty.
Both, both, my girl.
Both, both, my lord.— This letter, madam, craves a speedy answer.
Both?
Bottom!
Boundless intemperance In nature is a tyranny.
Boy, this shall not excuse the injuries That thou hast done me.
Boy!
Braved in mine own house with a skein of thread?
Break an hour’s promise in love?
Breathe Merriman, the poor cur is embossed, And couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach.
Brief let me be.
Brief, I recovered him, bound up his wound, And after some small space, being strong at heart,
Briefly, I dwell by the Capitol.
Briefly, sir.
Briefness and fortune, work!— Brother, a word.
Bring a corollary, Rather than want a spirit.
Bring forth men-children only, For thy undaunted mettle should compose Nothing but males.
Bring her to try wi' th' main course.
Bring him away.
Bring him before us.
Bring him silently.
Bring him through the bands.
Bring him with triumph home unto his house!
Bring him, dead or living, Within this twelvemonth or turn thou no more To seek a living in our territory.
Bring it hither to me in the orchard.
Bring it to that, The gold I give thee will I melt and pour Down thy ill-uttering throat.
Bring me a father that so loved his child, Whose joy of her is overwhelmed like mine, And bid him speak of patience.
Bring me but to the very brim of it, And I’ll repair the misery thou dost bear With something rich about me.
Bring me just notice of the numbers dead On both our parts.
Bring me no more reports.
Bring me to Antony.
Bring me to Octavius.
Bring me word how tall she is.
Bring the villain forth.
Bring them before us.
Bring thou the master to the citadel.
Bring us the letter.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, is not that the morning which breaks yonder?
Brother of Gloucester, you mistake the matter.
Brother— Content yourself.
Brother, good night.
Brother, ho!
Brother, I advise you to the best.
Brother, I’ll go and bring it thee.
Brother, my lord the duke, Stand to and do as we.
Brought to this town by that most famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most renownèd uncle.
Brought you Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and her forehead As low as she would wish it.
Bruisèd pieces, go.
Brutus and Caesar—what should be in that “Caesar”?
Brutus hath rived my heart.
Brutus is wise, and were he not in health, He would embrace the means to come by it.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus shall lead, and we will grace his heels With the most boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus speaks.
Brutus, a word with you.
Brutus, bait not me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Brutus” will start a spirit as soon as “Caesar.” Now in the names of all the gods at once, Upon what meat doth this our Caesar feed That he is grown so great?
Budge not,” says my conscience.
Burn but his books.
Burn!
But ’tis a spirit.
But ’tis all one; ’tis alike as my fingers is to my fingers, and there is salmons in both.
But ’tis gone.
But ’tis not so above.
But ’tis not so.
But ’tis strange.
But a harsh hearing when women are froward.
But adieu.
But after many ceremonies done, He calls for wine.
But all remember What you have said, and show yourselves true Romans.
But all so soon as the all-cheering sun Should in the farthest east begin to draw The shady curtains from Aurora’s bed, Away from light steals home my heavy son,
But all the charms of love, Salt Cleopatra, soften thy wanned lip!
But all the story of the night told over, And all their minds transfigured so together, More witnesseth than fancy’s images And grows to something of great constancy, But, howsoever, strange and admirable.
But all this did I know before.
But Antonio is certainly undone.
But are my brother’s powers set forth?
But are not some whole that we must make sick?
But are they, Ariel, safe?
But are you so much in love as your rhymes speak?
But are you sure That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely?
But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too, that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion?
But art thou not advised, he took some care To get her cunning schoolmasters to instruct her?
But art thou not drowned, Stephano?
But as ’tis, We cannot miss him.
But as all is mortal in nature, so is all nature in love mortal in folly.
But as I think—for truly would I speak, And now do I bethink me, so it is— I came with Hermia hither.
But as well?
But as yet, I swear, I cannot truly say how I came here.
But be thou armed for some unhappy words.
But being widow, and my Gloucester with her, May all the building in my fancy pluck Upon my hateful life.
But beshrew my jealousy!
But better service have I never done you Than now to bid you hold.
But brother Anthony—     Come, ’tis no matter.
But Brutus says he was ambitious, And Brutus is an honorable man.
But by and by comes back to Romeo, Who had but newly entertained revenge, And to ’t they go like lightning, for ere I Could draw to part them was stout Tybalt slain.
But by immortal providence, she’s mine.
But by sea he is an absolute master.
But canst thou guess that he doth aim at it?
But cheer thy heart, and be thou not dismayed.
But chiefly Him that you termed, sir, “the good old Lord Gonzalo,” His tears run down his beard like winter’s drops From eaves of reeds.
But come thy ways.
But come what sorrow can, It cannot countervail the exchange of joy That one short minute gives me in her sight.
But come, I’ll tell thee all my whole device When I am in my coach, which stays for us At the park gate.
But come, my lord, let’s away.
But come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I’ll thy assistant be, For this alliance may so happy prove To turn your households' rancor to pure love.
But come, your Bergomask.
But dead they are, and devilish slave, by thee.
But did I never speak of all that time?
But did you ever tell him she was false?
But did you not request to have it cut?
But did you think the Prince would have served you thus?
But did’st thou see them dead?
But didst thou hear without wondering how thy name should be hanged and carved upon these trees?
But died thy sister of her love, my boy?
But do not go with it.
But do not look for further recompense Than thine own gladness that thou art employed.
But do not so.
But do not stain The even virtue of our enterprise, Nor th' insuppressive mettle of our spirits, To think that or our cause or our performance Did need an oath, when every drop of blood That every Roman bears—and nobly bears— Is guilty of a several bastardy If he do break the smallest particle Of any promise that hath passed from him.
But do you hear, sir, have you married my daughter without asking my goodwill?
But doth he know that I am in this forest and in man’s apparel?
But down.
But either it was different in blood—
But ere they came,–O, let me say no more!
But ere we could arrive the point proposed, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I sink!” I, as Aeneas, our great ancestor, Did from the flames of Troy upon his shoulder The old Anchises bear, so from the waves of Tiber Did I the tired Caesar.
But fare ye well.
But fare you well.
But fare you well.
But fathers that bear bags  Shall see their children kind.
But fear not yet To take upon you what is yours.
But few of any sort, and none of name.
But first I will release the fairy queen.
But first I’ll turn yon fellow in his grave And then return lamenting to my love.
But fish not with this melancholy bait For this fool gudgeon, this opinion.— Come, good Lorenzo.—Fare ye well awhile.
But for a fine, quaint, graceful, and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten on ’t.
But for all this thou shalt have as many dolors for thy daughters as thou canst tell in a year.
But for his purpose in the coronation, I have not sounded him, nor he delivered His gracious pleasure any way therein.
But for my daughter Katherine, this I know, She is not for your turn, the more my grief.
But for the bloody napkin?
But for the handkerchief— By heaven, I would most gladly have forgot it.
But for the seventh cause.
But for the stuffing—well, we are all mortal.
But for the whole world?
But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me?
But for your husband, He is noble, wise, judicious, and best knows The fits o' th' season.
But for your private satisfaction, Because I love you, I will let you know.
But for your words, they rob the Hybla bees And leave them honeyless.
But forbear, I say.
But get thee back.
But give me your hand, Menas.
But goes thy heart with this?
But good lieutenant, is your general wived?
But had he such a chain of thee or no?
But hast thou yet latched the Athenian’s eyes With the love juice, as I did bid thee do?
But have I fall'n, or no?
But have I not cause to weep?
But have you both forsworn me?
But he comes armed in his fortune and prevents the slander of his wife.
But he has promised me, as he is a gentleman and a soldier, he will not hurt you.
But he hath chid me hence and threatened me To strike me, spurn me—nay, to kill me too.
But he loves Caesar best; yet he loves Antony.
But he protests he loves you And needs no other suitor but his likings To take the safest occasion by the front To bring you in again.
But he sleeps.
But he that filches from me my good name Robs me of that which not enriches him And makes me poor indeed.
But he that tempered thee bade thee stand up, Gave thee no instance why thou shouldst do treason, Unless to dub thee with the name of traitor.
But he that will believe all that they say shall never be saved by half that they do.
But he, poor man, by your first order died, And that a wingèd Mercury did bear.
But hear thee, Gratiano.
But heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
But here comes Antony.—Welcome, Mark Antony.
But here my father comes.
But here the lady comes.
But here they come.
But here’s a parchment with the seal of Caesar.
But here’s a villain that would face me down He met me on the mart, and that I beat him And charged him with a thousand marks in gold, And that I did deny my wife and house.— Thou drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this?
But his flawed heart— Alack, too weak the conflict to support— 'Twixt two extremes of passion, joy and grief, Burst smilingly.
But hollow men, like horses hot at hand, Make gallant show and promise of their mettle.
But how did you desire it should be made?
But how hath she received his love?
But how is it That this lives in thy mind?
But how long fairly shall her sweet life last?
But how long shall that title “ever” last?
But how should Prospero Be living and be here?
But how, but how?
But how, my lord, shall we resist it now?
But hush, no more.
But I am constant as the northern star, Of whose true-fixed and resting quality There is no fellow in the firmament.
But I am much to blame.
But I am sent to find those persons whose names are here writ, and can never find what names the writing person hath here writ.
But I am shepherd to another man And do not shear the fleeces that I graze.
But I beseech your Grace pardon me.
But I can tell why a snail has a house.
But I can tell you that of late this duke Hath ta'en displeasure 'gainst his gentle niece, Grounded upon no other argument But that the people praise her for her virtues And pity her for her good father’s sake; And, on my life, his malice 'gainst the lady Will suddenly break forth.
But I confess, sir, that we were locked out.
But I do prophesy the election lights On Fortinbras.
But I do see you’re moved.
But I do think it is their husbands' faults If wives do fall.
But I feel not This deity in my bosom.
But I had rather fast from all four days Than drink so much in one.
But I have cause to pry into this pedant.
But I have heard him oft maintain it to be fit that, sons at perfect age and fathers declined, the father should be as ward to the son, and the son manage his revenue.
But I have none.
But I have spoke With one that saw him die, who did report That very frankly he confessed his treasons, Implored your highness' pardon, and set forth A deep repentance.
But I have, sir, a son by order of law, some year older than this, who yet is no dearer in my account.
But I hope you have no intent to turn husband, have you?
But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
But I know to be up late is to be up late.
But I might see young Cupid’s fiery shaft Quenched in the chaste beams of the watery moon, And the imperial votaress passèd on, In maiden meditation, fancy-free.
But I must tell thee plainly, Claudio undergoes my challenge, and either I must shortly hear from him, or I will subscribe him a coward.
But I perceive in you so excellent a touch of modesty that you will not extort from me what I am willing to keep in.
But I pray you commend my counterfeiting to him.
But I pray you, ergo, old man, ergo, I beseech you, talk you of young Master Launcelot?
But I pray you, tell me, is my boy, God rest his soul, alive or dead?
But I pray you, who is his companion?
But I pray, can you read anything you see?
But I remember now I am in this earthly world, where to do harm Is often laudable, to do good sometime Accounted dangerous folly.
But I shall crave your pardon.
But I shall see The wingèd vengeance overtake such children.
But I will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better prepared for an answer if peradventure this be true.
But I will not stir from this place, do what they can.
But I will punish home.
But I will tarry.
But I will tell you at some meeter season.
But I will wed thee in another key, With pomp, with triumph, and with reveling.
But I will write again to Mantua, And keep her at my cell till Romeo come.
But I with blowing the fire shall warm myself.
But I would be loath to fall into my dreams again.
But I, who never knew how to entreat, Nor never needed that I should entreat, Am starved for meat, giddy for lack of sleep, With oaths kept waking and with brawling fed.
But i' faith, I should have been a woman by right.
But I’ll amerce you with so strong a fine That you shall all repent the loss of mine.
But I’ll be hanged, sir, if he wear your livery.
But I’ll catch thine eyes, Though they had wings.
But I’ll go in.
But I’ll not chide thee.
But I’ll see you soon.
But if all aim but this be leveled false, The supposition of the lady’s death Will quench the wonder of her infamy.
But if he be at hand I shall be satisfied.
But if he had not been in drink, he would have tickled you othergates than he did.
But if I give my wife a handkerchief— What then?
But if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve mine own turn.
But if it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul alive.
But if it were, doubt not her care should be To comb your noddle with a three-legged stool And paint your face and use you like a fool.
But if she cannot love you, sir?
But if that I am I, then well I know Your weeping sister is no wife of mine, Nor to her bed no homage do I owe.
But if the cause be not good, the king himself hath a heavy reckoning to make, when all those legs and arms and heads, chopped off in a battle, shall join together at the latter day, and cry all, “We died at such a place,” some swearing, some crying for a surgeon, some upon their wives left poor behind them, some upon the debts they owe, some upon their children rawly left.
But if these— As I am sure they do—bear fire enough To kindle cowards and to steel with valor The melting spirits of women, then, countrymen, What need we any spur but our own cause To prick us to redress?
But if thou diest before I come, thou art a mocker of my labor.
But If thou dost break her virgin knot before All sanctimonious ceremonies may With full and holy rite be ministered, No sweet aspersion shall the heavens let fall To make this contract grow, but barren hate, Sour-eyed disdain, and discord shall bestrew The union of your bed with weeds so loathly That you shall hate it both.
But if thy love were ever like to mine— As sure I think did never man love so— How many actions most ridiculous Hast thou been drawn to by thy fantasy?
But if we fail, We then can do ’t at land.
But if you be remembered, I did not bid you mar it to the time.
But if you do refuse to marry me, You’ll give yourself to this most faithful shepherd?
But if you fail, without more speech, my lord, You must be gone from hence immediately.
But if you have a stomach, to ’t, i' God’s name: You shall have me assisting you in all.
But if you know not this my manners tell me We have your wrong rebuke.
But in my conscience, sir, I do not care for you.
But in my terms of honor I stand aloof, and will no reconcilement Till by some elder masters, of known honor, I have a voice and precedent of peace To keep my name ungored.
But in respect of that, I would fain think it were not.
But in this case of wooing, A child shall get a sire, if I fail not of my cunning.
But in this kind, wanting your father’s voice, The other must be held the worthier.
But in your daughter’s womb I bury them, Where, in that nest of spicery, they will breed Selves of themselves, to your recomforture.
But indeed an old religious uncle of mine taught me to speak, who was in his youth an inland man, one that knew courtship too well, for there he fell in love.
But is all this for your father?
But is he often thus?
But is there any else longs to see this broken music in his sides?
But is there no sequel at the heels of this mother’s admiration?
But is this law?
But it becomes me well enough, does ’t not?
But it is certain I am loved of all ladies, only you excepted.
But it is no English treason to cut French crowns, and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper.
But it is no matter.
But it is no matter.
But it is true, without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk, that the good Antonio, the honest Antonio—oh, that I had a title good enough to keep his name company!—  Come, the full stop.
But it shall not be so long; this wrestler shall clear all.
But it sufficeth that the day will end, And then the end is known.—Come, ho!
But it was—as I received it, and others, whose judgments in such matters cried in the top of mine—an excellent play, well digested in the scenes, set down with as much modesty as cunning.
But it would better fit your honor to change your mind.
But it would warm his spirits To hear from me you had left Antony And put yourself under his shroud, The universal landlord.
But jealous souls will not be answered so.
But know that I have tonight wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero’s gentlewoman, by the name of Hero.
But leave it all to God.
But lend it rather to thine enemy, Who, if he break, thou mayst with better face Exact the penalty.
But lest my liking might too sudden seem, I would have salved it with a longer treatise.
But lest myself be guilty to self wrong, I’ll stop mine ears against the mermaid’s song.
But let her live.
But let it be.
But let it rest.—Now, Litio, to you.
But let me hear the letter of your friend.
But let me to my fortune and the caskets.
But let that go.
But let them measure us by what they will.
But let us rear The higher our opinion, that our stirring Can from the lap of Egypt’s widow pluck The ne’er lust-wearied Antony.
But let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I be foiled, there is but one shamed that was never gracious; if killed, but one dead that was willing to be so.
But life itself, my wife, and all the world Are not with me esteemed above thy life.
But life, being weary of these worldly bars, Never lacks power to dismiss itself.
But little.
But look to it: Find out thy brother, wheresoe'er he is.
But Macbeth is.
But make amends now.
But manhood is melted into curtsies, valor into compliment, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too.
But mark, poor knight, What dreadful dole is here!
But men may construe things after their fashion, Clean from the purpose of the things themselves.
But my uncle-father and aunt-mother are deceived.
But nature should bring forth Of its own kind all foison, all abundance, To feed my innocent people.
But near him thy angel Becomes afeard, as being o’erpowered.
But new struck nine.
But next day I told him of myself, which was as much As to have asked him pardon.
But no metal can— No, not the hangman’s axe—bear half the keenness Of thy sharp envy.
But no more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly.
But no more sights!—Where are these gentlemen?
But not with such familiar instances Nor with such free and friendly conference As he hath used of old.
But not, as I am, royal.
But note me, signor—
But notwithstanding, haste.
But now behold, In the quick forge and workinghouse of thought, How London doth pour out her citizens.
But now I see our lances are but straws, Our strength as weak, our weakness past compare, That seeming to be most which we indeed least are.
But now I was the lord Of this fair mansion, master of my servants, Queen o'er myself.
But now I’ll tell thee joyful tidings, girl.
But now in the division of the kingdom, it appears not which of the dukes he values most, for equalities are so weighed that curiosity in neither can make choice of either’s moiety.
But now mine eyes, Which I have darted at thee, hurt thee not.
But now the duke of Buckingham and I Are come from visiting his majesty.
But now they rise again With twenty mortal murders on their crowns And push us from our stools.
But now, Baptista, to your younger daughter.
But now, I tell thee—keep it to thyself— This day those enemies are put to death, And I in better state than e'er I was.
But now, my lord, what say you to my suit?
But now, my lord.
But of that tomorrow, When therewithal we shall have cause of state Craving us jointly.
But Oh, how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man’s eyes.
But oh, how oddly will it sound that I Must ask my child forgiveness!
But oh, how vile an idol proves this god!
But oh, poor Gloucester— Lost he his other eye?
But old folks, many feign as they were dead, Unwieldy, slow, heavy, and pale as lead.
But on thy side I may not be too forward, Lest, being seen, thy brother, tender George, Be executed in his father’s sight.
But one cup.
But one fiend at a time, I’ll fight their legions o'er.
But one word more— He will not be commanded.
But one, poor one, one poor and loving child, But one thing to rejoice and solace in, And cruel death hath catched it from my sight!
But other of your insolent retinue Do hourly carp and quarrel, breaking forth In rank and not-to-be-endurèd riots.
But out of question, ’tis Maria’s hand.
But passion lends them power, time means, to meet, Tempering extremities with extreme sweet.
But repetition of what thou hast marred.
But sadly, tell me who.
But say, I prithee, is he coming home?
But say, my lord, it were not registered, Methinks the truth should live from age to age, As ’twere retailed to all posterity, Even to the general all-ending day.
But say, sir, is it dinnertime?
But saying o'er what I have said before.
But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know’st we parted.
But shall ’t be shortly?
But shall I live in hope?
But shall we wear these glories for a day, Or shall they last and we rejoice in them?
But she as far surpasseth Sycorax As great’st does least.
But she is none.
But she is now the wife of Marcus Antonius.
But she perforce withholds the lovèd boy, Crowns him with flowers, and makes him all her joy.
But she, your subject, loathes such sovereignty.
But ships are but boards, sailors but men.
But since he is better we have therefore odds.
But since he stands obdurate And that no lawful means can carry me Out of his envy’s reach, I do oppose My patience to his fury, and am armed To suffer with a quietness of spirit The very tyranny and rage of his.
But since it is as it is, mend it for your own good.
But since the affairs of men rest still incertain, Let’s reason with the worst that may befall.
But small to greater matters must give way.
But soft you, let me be.
But soft, behold!
But soft, but soft a while.
But soft, I pray you.
But soft!
But soft!
But speak you on.
But speak you this with a sad brow?
But speak, Egeus.
But stay awhile.
But stop my house’s ears—I mean my casements— Let not the sound of shallow foppery enter My sober house.
But such officers do the king best service in the end.
But sup them well and look unto them all.
But sure I fear we shall not win him to it.
But sure the bravery of his grief did put me Into a towering passion.
But swords I smile at, weapons laugh to scorn, Brandished by man that’s of a woman born.
But take a taste of my finding him, and relish it with good observance.
But tell me true, are you not mad indeed?
But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice?
But tell me, is young George Stanley living?
But tell not me.
But tell us, do you hear whether Antonio have had any loss at sea or no?
But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prison house, I could a tale unfold whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,
But that I do not.
But that it would be double-dealing, sir, I would you could make it another.
But that my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me!
But that still use of grief makes wild grief tame, My tongue should to thy ears not name my boys Till that my nails were anchored in thine eyes, And I, in such a desp'rate bay of death, Like a poor bark of sails and tackling reft, Rush all to pieces on thy rocky bosom.
But that they call “compliment” is like th' encounter of two dog- apes.
But that thy strange mutations make us hate thee, Life would not yield to age.
But that you do not love me.
But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your buskined mistress and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded, and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity.
But that’s all one: omittance is no quittance.
But the great one that goes up the hill, let him draw thee after.
But the rarity of it is—which is indeed almost beyond credit—  As many vouched rarities are.
But then I saw no harm, and then I heard Each syllable that breath made up between them.
But then the mind much sufferance doth o'erskip When grief hath mates and bearing fellowship.
But there is never a fair woman has a true face.
But there is, sir, an eyrie of children, little eyases, that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for ’t.
But there the Duke was given to understand That in a gondola were seen together Lorenzo and his amorous Jessica.
But there where I have garnered up my heart, Where either I must live or bear no life, The fountain from the which my current runs Or else dries up—to be discarded thence!
But there’s a saying very old and true: “If that you will France win, Then with Scotland first begin.” For once the eagle England being in prey, To her unguarded nest the weasel Scot Comes sneaking and so sucks her princely eggs, Playing the mouse in absence of the cat, To ’tame and havoc more than she can eat.
But there’s more work.
But there’s no bottom, none, In my voluptuousness.
But there’s no goodness in thy face—if Antony Be free and healthful, so tart a favor To trumpet such good tidings!
But these cannot I command to any utterance of harmony.
But these offers, Which serve not for his vantage, he shakes off, And so should you.
But they’ll nor pinch, Fright me with urchin-shows, pitch me i' th' mire, Nor lead me like a firebrand in the dark Out of my way, unless he bid 'em.
But thine doth fry.
But this eternal blazon must not be To ears of flesh and blood.
But this good comfort bring I to your Highness: The Breton navy is dispersed by tempest.
But this is from my commission.
But this is most falliable, the worm’s an odd worm.
But this is trifling, And all the more it seeks to hide itself The bigger bulk it shows.
But this it is: our foot Upon the hills adjoining to the city Shall stay with us.
But this most foul, strange and unnatural.
But this place is too cold for hell.
But this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband.
But this rough magic I here abjure, and when I have required Some heavenly music, which even now I do, To work mine end upon their senses that This airy charm is for, I’ll break my staff, Bury it certain fathoms in the earth, And deeper than did ever plummet sound I’ll drown my book.
But those that understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads.
But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
But thou must needs be sure My spirits and my place have in their power To make this bitter to thee.
But thou with mildness entertain’st thy wooers, With gentle conference, soft and affable.
But thou wouldst not think how ill all’s here about my heart.
But thou'rt too much my friend, And I’ll not wish thee to her.
But though I am a daughter to his blood, I am not to his manners.
But though my cates be mean, take them in good part.
But though they jump not on a just account— As in these cases, where the aim reports 'Tis oft with difference—yet do they all confirm A Turkish fleet, and bearing up to Cyprus.
But though thou art adjudgèd to the death, And passèd sentence may not be recalled But to our honour’s great disparagement, Yet will I favor thee in what I can.
But though we think it so, it is no matter.
But thus, I trust, you will not marry her.
But thy vile race, Though thou didst learn, had that in ’t which good natures Could not abide to be with.
But till I come again, No bed shall e'er be guilty of my stay, No rest be interposer ’twixt us twain.
But till that time Come not thou near me.
But till this afternoon his passion Ne'er brake into extremity of rage.
But to be frank, and give it thee again.
But to my mind, though I am native here And to the manner born, it is a custom More honored in the breach than the observance.
But to Orlando: did he leave him there, Food to the sucked and hungry lioness?
But to read his right wits is to read thus.
But truly, for mine own part, if I were as tedious as a king, I could find it in my heart to bestow it all of your worship.
But upon the fairest boughs, Or at every sentence end, Will I “Rosalinda” write, Teaching all that read to know The quintessence of every sprite Heaven would in little show.
But was not this nigh shore?
But we are prevented.
But we are spirits of another sort.
But we both obey And here give up ourselves, in the full bent, To lay our service freely at your feet To be commanded.
But we have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts.
But we will draw the curtain and show you the picture.
But well and free, If thou so yield him, there is gold, and here My bluest veins to kiss—a hand that kings Have lipped, and trembled kissing.
But well.
But were I Brutus, And Brutus Antony, there were an Antony Would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue In every wound of Caesar that should move The stones of Rome to rise and mutiny.
But were I not the better part made mercy, I should not seek an absent argument Of my revenge, thou present.
But were the day come, I should wish it dark, That I were couching with the doctor’s clerk.
But what a fool am I to chat with you, When I should bid good morrow to my bride And seal the title with a lovely kiss!
But what is the sport, monsieur, that the ladies have lost?
But what is your affair in Elsinore?
But what of Cicero?
But what of that?
But what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed, one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself?
But what prevention?
But what say you to Thursday?
But what see I?
But what talk I of this?
But what talk we of fathers when there is such a man as Orlando?
But what though?
But what trade art thou?
But what will you be called?
But what, is Catesby gone?
But what’s the matter, Clarence?
But what’s your jest?
But what’s your will?
But when I tell him he hates flatterers, He says he does, being then most flatterèd.
But when shall we set the savage bull’s horns on the sensible Benedick’s head?
But when they should endure the bloody spur, They fall their crests and, like deceitful jades, Sink in the trial.
But when we in our viciousness grow hard— Oh, misery on ’t!—the wise gods seel our eyes, In our own filth drop our clear judgments, make us Adore our errors, laugh at ’s while we strut To our confusion.
But where hast thou been, then?
But where is Kate?
But where the greater malady is fixed The lesser is scarce felt.
But where tomorrow?
But where unbruisèd youth with unstuffed brain Doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign.
But where was this?
But where’s my fool?
But where’s the money?
But wherefore art not in thy shop today?
But wherefore could not I pronounce “Amen”?
But wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens?
But wherefore do you hold me here so long?
But wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?
But while I say one prayer!
But while thou livest, keep a good tongue in thy head.
But who comes here?
But who comes here?
But who comes here?
But who comes here?
But who comes here?
But who dare tell her so?
But who is with him?
But who was this?
But why should honor outlive honesty?
But why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do so?
But will you woo this wildcat?
But with a rearward following Tybalt’s death, “Romeo is banishèd.” To speak that word, Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet, All slain, all dead.
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
But yesterday the word of Caesar might Have stood against the world.
But yet do I believe The origin and commencement of his grief Sprung from neglected love.—How now, Ophelia?
But yet for all that, an if she did not hate him deadly, she would love him dearly.
But yet hie you to Egypt again.
But yet I cannot love him; He might have took his answer long ago.
But yet I feel I fear.
But yet I run before my horse to market.
But yet I’ll go in hate to feed upon The prodigal Christian.—Jessica, my girl, Look to my house.
But yet I’ll make assurance double sure, And take a bond of fate.
But yet It is our trick.
But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.
But yet thou art my flesh, my blood, my daughter— Or rather a disease that’s in my flesh, Which I must needs call mine.
But yet you draw not iron, for my heart Is true as steel.
But yet—   Which, of he or Adrian, for a good wager, first begins to crow?
But yet, alas, stood I within his grace, I would prefer him to a better place.
But yet, I say, If imputation and strong circumstances Which lead directly to the door of truth Will give you satisfaction, you may have ’t.
But yet, madam— I do not like “But yet.” It does allay The good precedence.
But you and I And honest Casca, we have the falling sickness.
But you are no such man.
But you must learn to know such slanders of the age, or else you may be marvelously mistook.
but you see my finger Hath not the ring upon it.
But you shall find the band that seems to tie their friendship together will be the very strangler of their amity.
But you, my honorable lords, may name the time, And in the duke’s behalf I’ll give my voice, Which I presume he’ll take in gentle part.
But you, O you, So perfect and so peerless, are created Of every creature’s best.
But you, sir, altered that, for some hour before you took me from the breach of the sea was my sister drowned.
But you’ll be secret?
But you’ll lie like dogs, and yet say nothing neither.
But your news is not true.
But, alas the while!
But, alas, Caesar must bleed for it.
But, as he was ambitious, I slew him.
But, as I can learn, He hearkens after prophecies and dreams, And from the crossrow plucks the letter  And says a wizard told him that by “G” His issue disinherited should be.
But, as I said, On Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.
But, as they say, to hear music the general does not greatly care.
But, as you say, sir, let your bounty take a nap, I will awake it anon.
But, Audrey, there is a youth here in the forest lays claim to you.
But, brother, I can tell you strange news that you yet dreamt not of.
But, by 'r Lady, he must build churches then, or else shall he suffer not thinking on, with the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is “For, oh, for, oh, the hobby-horse is forgot.”      What means this, my lord?
But, by your favor, how near’s the other army?
But, come what may, I do adore thee so That danger shall seem sport, and I will go.
But, first or last, Your fine Egyptian cookery shall have The fame.
But, for certain, He cannot buckle his distempered cause Within the belt of rule.
But, for mine own part, it was Greek to me.
But, for true need— You heavens, give me that patience, patience I need.
But, for your conscience?
But, gentle heavens, Cut short all intermission.
But, God be thanked, there is no need of me, And much I need to help you, were there need.
But, good Kate, mock me mercifully, the rather, gentle princess, because I love thee cruelly.
But, good Laertes, Will you do this, keep close within your chamber.
But, hark thee, Charmian.
But, hark, I hear the footing of a man.
But, hold thee, take this garland on thy brow.
But, I pray you, let none of your people stir me.
But, I’ll warrant you, when I say so, she looks as pale as any clout in the versal world.
But, if you were the devil, you are fair.
But, in faith, Kate, the elder I wax, the better I shall appear.
But, in good sooth, are you he that hangs the verses on the trees wherein Rosalind is so admired?
But, in loving me, you should love the friend of France, for I love France so well that I will not part with a village of it.
But, Lepidus, go you to Caesar’s house.
But, let me see, by ten We shall have each a hundred Englishmen.
But, like a misbehaved and sullen wench, Thou pout’st upon thy fortune and thy love.
But, like the owner of a foul disease, To keep it from divulging, let it feed Even on the pith of life.
But, look you, Cassius, The angry spot doth glow on Caesar’s brow, And all the rest look like a chidden train.
But, mistress, know yourself.
But, my good lord— Wherefore should you do this?
But, my good lord, this boy is forest-born And hath been tutored in the rudiments Of many desperate studies by his uncle, Whom he reports to be a great magician Obscurèd in the circle of this forest.
But, my good lord, your Graces' words shall serve As well as I had seen and heard him speak; And do not doubt, right noble princes both, But I’ll acquaint our duteous citizens With all your just proceedings in this case.
But, O grief, Where hast thou led me?
But, oh, vain boast!
But, on: six Barbary horses against six French swords, their assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages—that’s the French bet against the Danish.
But, Othello, speak.
But, Roderigo, if thou hast that in thee indeed, which I have greater reason to believe now than ever—I mean purpose, courage and valor—this night show it.
But, room, fairy!
But, sir, be you ruled by me.
But, sir, forgive me, Since my becomings kill me when they do not Eye well to you.
But, sir, here comes your boy.
But, sir, I will deliver his challenge by word of mouth, set upon Aguecheek a notable report of valor, and drive the gentleman (as I know his youth will aptly receive it) into a most hideous opinion of his rage, skill, fury, and impetuosity.
But, sir, such wanton, wild, and usual slips
But, sirrah, mark, we use To say the dead are well.
But, sirrah, not for my sake, but your master’s, I advise You use your manners discreetly in all kind of companies.
But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As all the metal in your shop will answer.
But, sith I am entered in this cause so far, Pricked to ’t by foolish honesty and love, I will go on.
But, soft!
But, soft!
But, tell me, where is princely Richmond now?
But, till the king come forth, and not till then, Unto Southampton do we shift our scene.
But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale And feeds from home.
But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway.
Buy food, and get thyself in flesh.— Come, cordial and not poison, go with me To Juliet’s grave, for there must I use thee.
Buzz, buzz.
By 'r lady, I think it be so.
By a name I know not how to tell thee who I am.
By and by.
By and by.
By any other house or person?
By Cheshu, he is an ass, as in the world.
By Cheshu, he will maintain his argument as well as any military man in the world in the disciplines of the pristine wars of the Romans.
By Cheshu, I think he will plow up all if there is not better directions.
By Chrish, la, ’tish ill done.
By computation and mine host’s report, I could not speak with Dromio since at first I sent him from the mart.
By day and night he wrongs me.
By Dromio?
By foul play, as thou sayst, were we heaved thence, But blessedly holp hither.
By God’s sonties, ’twill be a hard way to hit.
By heaven, I charge thee, speak.
By heaven, I do not, I do not, gentlemen.—   O murderous coxcomb!
By heaven, I saw my handkerchief in ’s hand.
By heaven, I will acquaint his majesty With those gross taunts that oft I have endured.
By heaven, I’ll have ’t.
By heaven, I’ll make a ghost of him that lets me.
By heaven, it is as proper to our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions As it is common for the younger sort To lack discretion.
By heaven, it is the same I gave the doctor!
By heaven, that should be my handkerchief!
By heaven, thy madness shall be paid by weight, Till our scale turn the beam.
By heaven, you do me wrong!
By heavens, the duke shall know how slack you have been.
By Hercules, I think I am i’ th’ right.
By Him that raised me to this careful height From that contented hap which I enjoyed, I never did incense his majesty Against the duke of Clarence, but have been An earnest advocate to plead for him.
By Isis, I will give thee bloody teeth If thou with Caesar paragon again My man of men.
By Jacob’s staff, I swear, I have no mind of feasting forth tonight.
By Janus, I think no.
By Jeshu, I am your Majesty’s countryman, I care not who know it.
By Jove that thunders!
By Jove, I am not covetous for gold Nor care I who doth feed upon my cost; It yearns me not if men my garments wear; Such outward things dwell not in my desires.
By Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Juno, I swear “Ay.”    They durst not do ’t.
By Jupiter, This shall not be revoked.
By Jupiter, Were I the wearer of Antonio’s beard, I would not shave ’t today.
By mine honor I will, and when I break that oath, let me turn monster.
By mine honor, in true English, I love thee, Kate.
By my count, I was your mother much upon these years That you are now a maid.
By my faith, he is very swift and sententious.
By my faith, you have great reason to be sad.
By my fay, a goodly nap.
By my hand I swear, and my father’s soul, the work ish ill done.
By my head, here comes the Capulets.
By my heel, I care not.
By my holy order, I thought thy disposition better tempered.
By my knavery (if I had it), then I were.
By my life I do, which I tender dearly, though I say I am a magician.
By my life, I do.
By my soul I swear There is no power in the tongue of man To alter me.
By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me.
By my troth, ’s not so good, and I warrant your cousin will say so.
By my troth, a good song.
By my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady.
By my troth, he’ll yield the crow a pudding one of these days.
By my troth, I am sick.
By my troth, I speak my thought.
By my troth, I will speak my conscience of the king.
By my troth, I would not undertake her in this company.
By my troth, it is well said.
By my troth, my lord, I cannot tell what to think of it, but that she loves him with an enraged affection, it is past the infinite of thought.
By my troth, Nerissa, my little body is aweary of this great world.
By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a husband if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue.
By my troth, Sir Toby, you must come in earlier o' nights.
By my troth, sir, no—though it please you to be one of my friends.
By my troth, the fool has an excellent breast.
By my troth, thou hast an open hand.
By my troth, well met.
By no means, sir.
By no means” what?
By our beards (if we had them), thou art.
By providence divine.
By report I know him well.
By running fast.
By sea, what else?
By so much the more shall I tomorrow be at the height of heart-heaviness, by how much I shall think my brother happy in having what he wishes for.
By such despair I should accuse myself.
By th' clock ’tis day, And yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp.
By th' law of arms thou wast not bound to answer An unknown opposite.
By th' mass, and ’tis like a camel indeed.
By th' way we met My wife, her sister, and a rabble more Of vile confederates.
By the apostle Paul, shadows tonight Have struck more terror to the soul of Richard Than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers Armed in proof and led by shallow Richmond.
By the eighth hour.
By the fire That quickens Nilus’ slime, I go from hence Thy soldier, servant, making peace or war As thou affects.
By the hour of nine.
By the Lord, madam, you wrong me, and the world shall know it.
By the mass, I was about to say something.
By the mess, ere theise eyes of mine take themselves to slomber, ay’ll de gud service, or I’ll lig i' th' grund for it, ay, or go to death.
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes.
By the world, I think my wife be honest and think she is not.
By thee; and this thou didst return from him: That he did buffet thee and, in his blows, Denied my house for his, me for his wife.
By this hand, Claudio shall render me a dear account.
By this hand, I am.
By this hand, I love thee.
By this hand, I’ll have that gown.
By this hand, they are scoundrels and substractors that say so of him.
By this kind of chase I should hate him, for my father hated his father dearly.
By this leek, I will most horribly revenge.
By this light, a most perfidious and drunken monster.
By this marriage, All little jealousies, which now seem great, And all great fears, which now import their dangers, Would then be nothing.
By this scimitar That slew the Sophy and a Persian prince That won three fields of Sultan Solyman, I would o'erstare the sternest eyes that look, Outbrave the heart most daring on the earth, Pluck the young sucking cubs from the she-bear, Yea, mock the lion when he roars for prey, To win the lady.
By this sword, he that makes the first thrust, I’ll kill him.
By this sword, I will.
By this, I think, the dial points at five.
By two o'clock I will be with thee again.
By what rule, sir?
By what?
By which honor I dare not swear thou lovest me, yet my blood begins to flatter me that thou dost, notwithstanding the poor and untempering effect of my visage.
By your leave, hostess.
By your most gracious pardon, I sing but after you.
By your patience, I may not suffer you to visit them.
By your patience, I needs must rest me.
By your patience, no.
By'r Lady, thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have ever won More in their officer than person.
Caesar and he are greater friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus Are in the field.
Caesar and Lepidus have made wars upon Pompey.
Caesar did write for him to come to Rome.
Caesar doth bear me hard, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar gets money where He loses hearts.
Caesar hath sent— Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself has work, and our oppression Exceeds what we expected.
Caesar is sad, and Lepidus, Since Pompey’s feast, as Menas says, is troubled With the greensickness.
Caesar is touched.
Caesar is turned to hear.
Caesar sends greeting to the Queen of Egypt, And bids thee study on what fair demands Thou mean’st to have him grant thee.
Caesar shall forth.
Caesar should be a beast without a heart If he should stay at home today for fear.
Caesar sits down in Alexandria, where I will oppose his fate.
Caesar speaks.
Caesar, ’tis strucken eight.
Caesar, all hail!
Caesar, and that, having in Sicily Sextus Pompeius spoiled, we had not rated him His part o’ th’ isle.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I bring thee word Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates, Make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound With keels of every kind.
Caesar, I go.
Caesar, I never stood on ceremonies, Yet now they fright me.
Caesar, I shall.
Caesar, I shall.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, my lord.
Caesar, thou art revenged, Even with the sword that killed thee.
Caesar, thou canst not die by traitors' hands Unless thou bring’st them with thee.
Caesar, thy thoughts Touch their effects in this.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar.
Caesar’s better parts Shall be crowned in Brutus!
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.
Caesar’s will?
Caesar’s.
Caius Ligarius doth bear Caesar hard, Who rated him for speaking well of Pompey.
Caliban!
Call 'em.
Call Burgundy.—    Cornwall and Albany, With my two daughters' dowers digest this third.
Call Claudio and some other of my men.
Call forth my household servants.
Call forth Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest.
Call her forth to me.
Call her forth, brother.
Call him hither to me, soldier.
Call him hither, good Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my gentlewoman.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers.
Call it my fear That keeps you in the house, and not your own.
Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, yet you cannot play upon me.
Call my guard, I prithee.
Call my sister so.
Call my train together.— Degenerate bastard, I’ll not trouble thee.
Call not your stocks for me.
Call Philostrate.
Call the clotpoll back.
Call the messenger.
Call the slave again.
Call them again.
Call them forth.
Call thyself “sister,” sweet, for I am thee.
Call to me All my sad captains.
Call up the right Master Constable.
Call you me “fair”?
Call you me daughter?
Call you this “gamut”?
Call you this railing?
Call you?
Call, good Mercutio.
Call!
Called you, my lord?
Calling death “banishment,” Thou cutt’st my head off with a golden ax And smilest upon the stroke that murders me.
Calls my lord?
Calls your Worship?
Calphurnia here, my wife, stays me at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s cheek is pale, and Cicero Looks with such ferret and such fiery eyes As we have seen him in the Capitol Being crossed in conference by some senators.
Cambio is changed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Came he not home tonight?
Came they not by you?
Came you from Padua, from Bellario?
Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate?
Can anything be made of this?
Can Fulvia die?
Can he be angry?
Can he that deny?
Can heaven be so envious?
Can I bear that with patience, And not my husband’s secrets?
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can it be possible that no man saw them?
Can no prayers pierce thee?
Can virtue hide itself?
Can you blame her then, being a maid yet rosed over with the virgin crimson of modesty, if she deny the appearance of a naked blind boy in her naked seeing self?
Can you deny all this?
Can you do it?
Can you inquire him out and be edified by report?
Can you make no use of your discontent?
Can you not conceive?
Can you not stay awhile?
Can you remember any of the principal evils that he laid to the charge of women?
Can you smell him out by that?
Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, be banished with her father?
Can you tell me whether one Launcelot that dwells with him, dwell with him or no?
Cancel his bond of life, dear God I pray, That I may live to say, “The dog is dead.”
Canidius and the rest That fell away have entertainment but No honorable trust.
Canidius, Our nineteen legions thou shalt hold by land, And our twelve thousand horse.
Cannot a plain man live and think no harm, But thus his simple truth must be abused With silken, sly, insinuating jacks?
Cannot my Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights?
Canst thou blame him?
Canst thou bring me to th' party?
Canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes awhile, And touch thy instrument a strain or two?
Canst thou remember A time before we came unto this cell?
Canst thou so daff me?
Canst thou, when thou command’st the beggar’s knee, Command the health of it?
Captain Fluellen.
Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman, that is certain, and of great expedition and knowledge in th' aunchient wars, upon my particular knowledge of his directions.
Captain Macmorris, I beseech you now, will you voutsafe me, look you, a few disputations with you as partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war, the Roman wars?
Captain Macmorris, I think, look you, under your correction, there is not many of your nation—  Of my nation?
Captain Macmorris, when there is more better opportunity to be required, look you, I will be so bold as to tell you I know the disciplines of war, and there is an end.
Captain, I thee beseech to do me favors.
Care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye, And where care lodges, sleep will never lie.
Carried to Colmekill, The sacred storehouse of his predecessors, And guardian of their bones.
Carry him gently to my fairest chamber And hang it round with all my wanton pictures.
Carry me to the jail?
Carry this mad knave to the jail.—Father Baptista, I charge you see that he be forthcoming.
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what the matter is.
Casca, be sudden, for we fear prevention —Brutus, what shall be done?
Casca, by your voice.
Casca, you are the first that rears your hand.
Cassio did top her, ask thy husband else.
Cassio hath here been set on in the dark By Roderigo and fellows that are ’scaped.
Cassio knows you not.
Cassio shall have my place.
Cassio, may you suspect Who they should be that have thus mangled you?
Cassio, my lord, hath killed a young Venetian Called Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio’s a proper man.
Cassio’s my worthy friend— My lord, I see you’re moved.
Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius.
Cassius, be constant.
Cassius, Be not deceived.
Cassius, go you into the other street And part the numbers.
Cassius, what night is this!
Cast it off!
Cast on no water.
Cast thy humble slough,” says she.
Catesby, fly to the duke.
Catesby, o'erlook the walls.
Catesby.
Celerity is never more admired Than by the negligent.
Censure me in your wisdom, and awake your senses that you may the better judge.
Ceres, most bounteous lady, thy rich leas Of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peas; Thy turfy mountains, where live nibbling sheep, And flat meads thatched with stover, them to keep; Thy banks with pionèd and twillèd brims,
Certain ones, then.
Certain, men should be what they seem.
Certainly my conscience will serve me to run from this Jew, my master.
Certainly, sir, I can.
Cesario is your servant’s name, fair princess.
Cesario, come, For so you shall be, while you are a man.
Cesario, you do not keep promise with me.
Cessez!
Challenge me the count’s youth to fight with him.
Change you color?
Charles, I thank thee for thy love to me, which thou shalt find I will most kindly requite.
Charmian, hark.
Charmian!
Chastisement!
Cheer your heart.
Cheerly, boys.
Cheerly, good Adam.
Chid I for that at frugal Nature’s frame?
Chill not let go, zir, without vurther 'casion.
Chill pick your teeth, zir.
Choose your revenge yourself.
Chop off his head.
Chopped logic!
Cicero is dead, And by that order of proscription.
Cicero one?
Clarence still breathes; Edward still lives and reigns.
Claribel.
Claudio!
Cleopatra Hath nodded him to her.
Cleopatra— Think you there was or might be such a man As this I dreamt of?
Cleopatra— Why should I think you can be mine, and true— Though you in swearing shake the thronèd gods— Who have been false to Fulvia?
Cleopatra, catching but the least noise of this, dies instantly.
Cleopatra, Do not abuse my master’s bounty by Th’ undoing of yourself.
Cleopatra, Not what you have reserved nor what acknowledged Put we i’ th’ roll of conquest.
Close by, my master.
Clubs cannot part them.
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Cobweb.
Cold friends to me.
Cold, cold, my girl, Even like thy chastity.
Coldhearted toward me?
Com’st thou again for ransom?
Come apace, good Audrey.
Come away, away.
Come away, servant, come.
Come away.
Come between us, good Benvolio.
Come by and by to my chamber.
Come down, behold no more.
Come down.
Come forth, I say!
Come forth, thou fearful man.
Come forth.
Come from thy ward, For I can here disarm thee with this stick And make thy weapon drop.
Come hither, captain.
Come hither, Catesby.
Come hither, come!
Come hither, Fabian.
Come hither, fellow.
Come hither, fellow.
Come hither, gentlemen, And lay your hands again upon my sword.
Come hither, good Volumnius.
Come hither, herald.—Let the trumpet sound,— And read out this.
Come hither, knight.
Come hither, Leonato.
Come hither, man.
Come hither, mistress.
Come hither, neighbor Seacole.
Come hither, Nurse.
Come hither, Proculeius.
Come hither, sir.
Come hither, sirrah.
Come hither, you rogue!
Come ho, and wake Diana with a hymn!
Come in, tailor.
Come let’s in all.
Come like shadows; so depart!
Come not in here, nuncle.
Come not near Casca.
Come now, keep thine oath.
Come now, what masques, what dances shall we have To wear away this long age of three hours Between our after-supper and bedtime?
Come now, your promise.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on then.
Come on, assay.
Come on, come on.
Come on, gentle my lord, Sleek o'er your rugged looks.
Come on, i' God’s name, once more toward our father’s.
Come on, Nerissa, I have work in hand That you yet know not of.
Come on, sir knave, have done your foolishness, And tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, to ’t.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on.
Come one more.
Come out o' th' storm.
Come the next sabbath, and I will content you.
Come thee on.
Come then and take the last warmth of my lips.
Come they of noble family?
Come thou no more for ransom, gentle herald.
Come thy ways, Signior Fabian.
Come to me, that of this I may speak more.
Come to me, Tyrrel, soon at after-supper, When thou shalt tell the process of their death.
Come to what is important in ’t.
Come with a thought.
Come with my lady hither.
Come you from old Bellario?
Come you to make confession to this Father?
Come you, sir.
Come your ways.
Come your ways.
Come, “The croaking raven doth bellow for revenge—”
Come, Antonio.
Come, away!
Come, away.
Come, Balthasar, we’ll hear that song again.
Come, be a man.
Come, begin.
Come, bid me do anything for thee.
Come, bird, come.
Come, blade, my breast imbrue.
Come, boy, with me.
Come, boy.
Come, brands, ho, firebrands.
Come, bring me unto my chance.
Come, bring me where they are.
Come, bring us, bring us where he is.
Come, brother; away!
Come, bustle, bustle.
Come, Casca, you and I will yet ere day See Brutus at his house.
Come, Charmian.
Come, civil night, Thou sober-suited matron, all in black, And learn me how to lose a winning match Played for a pair of stainless maidenhoods.
Come, come and take a queen Worth many babes and beggars!
Come, come away.
Come, come away.
Come, come with me, and we will make short work.
Come, come, away.
Come, come, dispatch.
Come, come, do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit?
Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it be well used.
Come, come, let us thither.
Come, come, no longer will I be a fool, To put the finger in the eye and weep Whilst man and master laugh my woes to scorn.
Come, come, thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as any in Italy, and as soon moved to be moody, and as soon moody to be moved.
Come, come, we fear the worst.
Come, come, we know your meaning, brother Gloucester.
Come, come, wrestle with thy affections.
Come, come, you are a fool, And turned into the extremity of love.
Come, come, you froward and unable worms!
Come, come, You’ll never meet a more sufficient man.
Come, come, you’re drunk.
Come, come!
Come, come.
Come, come.
Come, come.
Come, cousin, I am sure you love the gentleman.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come, Desdemona, I have but an hour Of love, of worldly matter and direction, To spend with thee.
Come, Dolabella, see High order in this great solemnity.
Come, down into the boat.
Come, draw the curtain, Nerissa.
Come, Dromio, come, these jests are out of season.
Come, father, I’ll bestow you with a friend.
Come, for the third, Laertes.
Come, Friar Francis, be brief, only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular duties afterwards.
Come, gentlemen, Let us consult upon tomorrow’s business Into my tent.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go.
Come, go along.
Come, go in.
Come, go we to the king.
Come, go we to the king.
Come, go with me apart.
Come, go with me; Under our tents I’ll play the eavesdropper To see if any mean to shrink from me.
Come, go with me.
Come, go.
Come, good Athenian.
Come, good fellow, put thine iron on.
Come, Grey.
Come, Hamlet, come, and take this hand from me.
Come, hang them on this line.
Come, help to bear thy master.
Come, how wouldst thou praise me?
Come, I will bring thee to thy bridal chamber.
Come, I will have thee, but, by this light, I take thee for pity.
Come, I’ll dispose of thee Among a sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come, I’ll go in with you.
Come, in what key shall a man take you to go in the song?
Come, instance.
Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come, Kate, we’ll to bed.
Come, let me have a bigger.
Come, let me wipe thy face.
Come, let us go.
Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards We may digest our complots in some form.
Come, let us to the banquet.
Come, let us to the castle.
Come, let’s all take hands Till that the conquering wine hath steeped our sense In soft and delicate Lethe.
Come, let’s away to prison.
Come, let’s away.
Come, let’s do so.
Come, Let’s have one other gaudy night.
Come, lords, will you go To comfort Edward with our company?
Come, march to wakes and fairs and market towns.
Come, Menas.
Come, mistress Kate, I’ll bear you company.
Come, more, another stanzo.
Come, my fair Cordelia.
Come, my lord, and in our flight Tell me how it came this night That I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground.
Come, my lord.
Come, my spade.
Come, my sweet Kate.
Come, my young soldier, put up your iron.
Come, Nerissa.—
Come, night.
Come, no matter vor your foins.
Come, one for me.
Come, poor remains of friends, rest on this rock.
Come, prepare.
Come, put mine armor on.
Come, Romeo.
Come, seek the conspirators.
Come, shall I make you two friends?
Come, shall we about it?
Come, shall we fall to work?
Come, shall we go and kill us venison?
Come, shall we hear this music?
Come, Sir Andrew, there’s no remedy.
Come, sir, away.
Come, sir, I am for you.
Come, sir, I pray you, go.
Come, sir, I will not let you go.
Come, sir, to dinner.—Dromio, keep the gate.
Come, sir, what letters had you late from France?
Come, sir, will you aboard?
Come, sir, you peevishly threw it to her, and her will is it should be so returned.
Come, sir.
Come, sire, no more.—What, Oswald, ho!
Come, sirs.
Come, sister.—Shepherdess, look on him better, And be not proud.
Come, sisters, cheer we up his sprites, And show the best of our delights.
Come, sit down, every mother’s son, and rehearse your parts.—Pyramus, you begin.
Come, sit on me.
Come, sit, sit, and a song.
Come, some music!
Come, some music!
Come, stir, stir, stir!
Come, sweet Audrey.
Come, tailor, let us see ’t.
Come, tailor, let us see these ornaments.
Come, talk not of her.
Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate A contract of true love.
Come, the recorders!
Come, there is sauce for it.
Come, therefore, and to Thasos send his body.
Come, thou day in night, For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night Whiter than new snow upon a raven’s back.
Come, thou mortal wretch, With thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate Of life at once untie.
Come, thou tortoise!
Come, throw it o'er my face.
Come, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, Go you and enter Harfleur.
Come, Vaughan.
Come, vial.
Come, wait upon him.
Come, warble, come.
Come, we burn daylight, ho!
Come, we’ll have him in a dark room and bound.
Come, we’ll to sleep.
Come, what says Romeo?
Come, where’s the chain?
Come, wherefore should you be so pashful?
Come, will you go with me?
Come, woo me, woo me, for now I am in a holiday humor, and like enough to consent.
Come, you and I will thither presently.
Come, you are too severe a moraler.
Come, you deceive yourself.
Come, you look paler and paler.
Come, your answer in broken music, for thy voice is music and thy English broken.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Comes Caesar to the Capitol tomorrow?
Comes his army on?
Comes not that blood as modest evidence To witness simple virtue?
Comes there any more of it?
Comfort me.
Coming from Sardis, on our former ensign Two mighty eagles fell, and there they perched, Gorging and feeding from our soldiers' hands, Who to Philippi here consorted us.
Command him away.
Commend me to him and tell him I will not fail him at supper, for indeed he hath made great preparation.
Commend me to Lord William.
Commend me to my kind lord.
Commend me to thy lady, And bid her hasten all the house to bed, Which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto.
Commend me to thy lady.
Commend me to thy mistress.
Commend me to your daughter.
Committed?
Companion, hence!
Company is coming here.
Complain unto the Duke of this indignity.
Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works.
Conceit upon her father.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, Brags of his substance, not of ornament.
Conception is a blessing, but, as your daughter may conceive—Friend, look to ’t.
Conclude, conclude, he is in love.
Conduct me to mine host.
Confess and love” Had been the very sum of my confession.
Confess yourself freely to her, importune her help to put you in your place again.
Confess!—Handkerchief!—Oh, devil!— Work on, My medicine, work!
Confined together In the same fashion as you gave in charge, Just as you left them, all prisoners, sir, In the line grove which weather-fends your cell.
Confirmed, confirmed!
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece.
Confusion’s cure lives not In these confusions.
Conrade, I say!
Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!
Conscience,” say I, “you counsel well.” “Fiend,” say I, “you counsel well.” To be ruled by my conscience I should stay with the Jew my master, who, God bless the mark, is a kind of devil.
Consent to pay thee that I never had?— Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou dar’st.
Consent to swear.
Consider how it stands upon my credit.
Consider then we come but in despite.
Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more In Alexandria.
Contending with the fretful elements.
Content thee, gentle coz.
Content with Hermia?
Content you, gentlemen.
Content, in faith.
Content.
Content.
Convey her to my tent.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood, Then the charm is firm and good.
Coraggio, bully-monster,  If these be true spies which I wear in my head, here’s a goodly sight.
Corinth first.
Couch we a while and mark.
Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
Could I repair what she will wear in me As I can change these poor accoutrements, 'Twere well for Kate and better for myself.
Could my good brother suffer you to do it— A man, a prince by him so benefited?
Could not a worm, an adder, do so much?
Could not this make thee know The hate I bear thee made me leave thee so?
Could you not take some occasion without giving?
Count Claudio?
Count the clock.
Count, take of me my daughter, and with her my fortunes.
Counterfeit, I assure you.
Counterfeit?
County Claudio, when mean you to go to church?
Couple it with something.
Courage, man.
Courage.
Courteous lord, one word.
Cousin of Buckingham, a word with you.
Cousin, thou wast not wont to be so dull.
Cousin, you apprehend passing shrewdly.
Cousins, I hope the days are near at hand That chambers will be safe.
Cousins, you know what you have to do.—O, I cry you mercy, friend.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Crack thy frail case!—Apace, Eros, apace.
Cried he?
Croak not, black angel.
Cross him in nothing.
Crown him that, And then I grant we put a sting in him That at his will he may do danger with.
Crowner’s quest law.
Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home, And so am come abroad to see the world.
Cry “holla” to thy tongue, I prithee.
Cry but “Ay me!” Pronounce but “love” and “dove.” Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word, One nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Abraham Cupid, he that shot so true When King Cophetua loved the beggar maid.— He heareth not, he stirreth not, he moveth not.
Cry mercy, lords and watchful gentlemen, That you have ta'en a tardy sluggard here.
Cry the man mercy, love him, take his offer.
Crystal is muddy.
Cunning.
Cupid is a knavish lad  Thus to make poor females mad.
Cure her of that.
Curse not thyself, fair creature; thou art both.
Cursed be I that did so!
Cursed be thy stones for thus deceiving me!
Cut my lace, Charmian, come!
D'elbow.”      “D'elbow,”    “De nick,”  “De nick.”  “De chin.” “De sin.”
Damned as thou art, thou hast enchanted her!
Dar’st thou resolve to kill a friend of mine?
Dark night, that from the eye his function takes, The ear more quick of apprehension makes.
Darkness and devils!
Dat it is not be de fashion pour les ladies of France—I cannot tell wat is  To kiss.
Day, night, hour, tide, time, work, play, Alone, in company, still my care hath been To have her matched.
Dead art thou!
Dead, dead?
Dead, I think.—Help, uncle!— Hero, why, Hero!
Dead, then?
Dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I show more mirth than I am mistress of, and would you yet I were merrier?
Dear Duff, I prithee, contradict thyself, And say it is not so.
Dear general, I never gave you cause.
Dear Kate, you and I cannot be confined within the weak list of a country’s fashion.
Dear lad, believe it.
Dear lady— Give me leave, beseech you.
Dear lady, welcome home.
Dear love, adieu.— Anon, good Nurse!—Sweet Montague, be true.
Dear master, I can go no further.
Dear my lord, Be not familiar with her.
Dear my lord, if you in your own proof Have vanquished the resistance of her youth And made defeat of her virginity— I know what you would say: if I have known her, You will say she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the forehand sin.
Dear my lord, Make me acquainted with your cause of grief.
Dear sir, forbear!
Dear sovereign, hear me speak.
Dear, they durst not, So dear the love my people bore me, nor set A mark so bloody on the business, but With colors fairer painted their foul ends.
Dearly my delicate Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the fairest cover for her shame That may be wished for.
Death lies on her like an untimely frost Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
Death makes no conquest of this conqueror, For now he lives in fame, though not in life.
Death of one person can be paid but once, And that she has discharged.
Death of thy soul!
Death, in guerdon of her wrongs, Gives her fame which never dies.
Death, that hath sucked the honey of thy breath, Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail, Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.
Death, traitor!
Death’s the end of all.
Decius Brutus loves thee not.
Decius, go tell them Caesar will not come.
Decius, well urged.
Declare thine office.
Defend thee!
Delay not, Caesar.
Delay this marriage for a month, a week.
Demand me nothing.
Demand.
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.
Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you.
Demetrius loves your fair.
Demetrius thinks not so.
Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee.
Den it sall also content me.
Denmark’s a prison.
Deny me this, And an eternal curse fall on you!
Deny to speak with me?
Descend, brother, I say.
Descend, for you must be my torchbearer.
Descend.
Desire him to go in.
Desist, and drink.
Despair and die!
Despair, and die!
Despise me If I do not.
Despised, distressèd, hated, martyred, killed!
Detain no jot, I charge thee.
Dexterously, good madonna.
Did ’t not wake you?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did ever Dian so become a grove As Kate this chamber with her princely gait?
Did ever dragon keep so fair a cave?
Did he ask for me?
Did he confess it?
Did he live now,
Did he never make you laugh?
Did he not rather Discredit my authority with yours, And make the wars alike against my stomach, Having alike your cause?
Did he not say my brother was fled?
Did he receive you well?
Did he take interest?
Did heaven look on, And would not take their part?
Did I deserve no more than a fool’s head?
Did I not bid thee meet me in the park And bring along these rascal knaves with thee?
Did I not meet thy friends?
Did I not tell you she was innocent?
Did I not, fellow?
Did I, Charmian, Ever love Caesar so?
Did Michael Cassio, when you wooed my lady, Know of your love?
Did my father strike my gentleman For chiding of his fool?
Did not great Julius bleed for justice' sake?
Did not her kitchen maid rail, taunt, and scorn me?
Did not you speak?
Did not you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garment he had on?
Did she see thee the while, old boy?
Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house today Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut And I denied to enter in my house?
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
Did we, my lord?
Did you and he consent in Cassio’s death?
Did you confer with him?
Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman?
Did you ever cure any so?
Did you know him?
Did you ne'er hear say, “Two may keep counsel, putting one away”?
Did you never see the picture of “We Three”?
Did you not speak to it?
Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice?
Did you say all?
Did you say with Cassio?
Did you see him?
Did you see Master Lorenzo?
Did you send to him, sir?
Did you?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief?
Dido and her Aeneas shall want troops, And all the haunt be ours.—Come, Eros, Eros!
Didst hear her speak?
Didst not mark that?
Didst perceive?
Didst thou behold Octavia?
Didst thou dream, Lucius, that thou so criedst out?
Didst thou give all to thy two daughters, and art thou come to this?
Didst thou hear these verses?
Didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter?
Didst thou not hear a noise?
Didst thou not hear somebody?
Didst thou not hear their shouts?
Didst thou not kill this king?
Didst thou not say he comes?
Didst thou not say he lied?
Didst thou see any thing?
Die and be damned, and  It is well.
Die for adultery?
Die when thou hast lived.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I did suborn To do this piece of ruthless butchery, Albeit they were fleshed villains, bloody dogs, Melted with tenderness and mild compassion, Wept like two children in their deaths' sad story.
Dined at home”?
Ding, dong, bell.
Directly, I am going to Caesar’s funeral.
Discern’st thou aught in that?
Discuss unto me: art thou officer or art thou base, common, and popular?
Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprizing what they look on, and her wit Values itself so highly that to her All matter else seems weak.
Dishonor not your mothers.
Disloyal?
Dismayed not this our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?
Dismiss me?
Dismiss me.
Dismiss your attendant there, look ’t be done.
Dismount thy tuck, be yare in thy preparation, for thy assailant is quick, skillful and deadly.
Disorder, that hath spoiled us, friend us now.
Dispatch us with all speed, lest that our king Come here himself to question our delay, For he is footed in this land already.
Dispatch, I say, and find the forester.
Dispatch.
Dispatch.—Enobarbus!
Dispatch.—O love, That thou couldst see my wars today, and knew’st The royal occupation!
Dispute it like a man.
Dissemble not your hatred.
Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain, that I may say The gods themselves do weep!
Do ’t, knight.
Do ’t.
Do all men kill the things they do not love?
Do as I bid thee, go.
Do as I bid thee.
Do as I bid you.
Do as thou wilt, for I have done with thee.
Do but go after And mark how he continues.
Do but look up.
Do but now promise, Kate, you will endeavor for your French part of such a boy; and for my English moiety take the word of a king and a bachelor.
Do but read.
Do I entice you?
Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop?
Do I speak you fair?
Do it at once, Or thy precedent services are all But accidents unpurposed.
Do it carefully.—And the noble and true-hearted Kent banished, his offense honesty!
Do it not with poison.
Do it quickly.
Do it, England, For like the hectic in my blood he rages, And thou must cure me.
Do it.
Do me no foul play, friends.
Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice.
Do not abuse me.
Do not answer me.
Do not approach Till thou dost hear me call.
Do not believe That, from the sense of all civility, I thus would play and trifle with your reverence.
Do not bid me speak.
Do not break off so, For we may pity though not pardon thee.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Do not deny.
Do not desire to see this letter.
Do not doubt, Cassio, But I will have my lord and you again As friendly as you were.
Do not fear our person.
Do not fret yourself too much in the action, monsieur.
Do not go forth today.
Do not laugh at me, For as I am a man, I think this lady To be my child Cordelia.
Do not learn of him, Emilia, though he be thy husband.
Do not lie so near.
Do not presume too much upon my love.
Do not rise yet.
Do not run away.
Do not say “banishment.” Hence from Verona art thou banishèd.
Do not say so, Lysander.
Do not say so, my lord.
Do not so.
Do not swear at all.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
Do not then walk too open.
Do not think it so unwholesome.
Do not think, gentlemen, I am drunk.
Do not torment me, prithee.
Do not torment me.
Do not weep, do not weep.
Do not you chide.
Do not you hear a cry?
Do not you love me?
Do not you meddle.
Do not you wear your dagger in your cap that day, lest he knock that about yours.
Do not yourself such wrong, who are in this Relieved but not betrayed.
Do not, my lord.
Do not, Phoebe.
Do Poor Tom some charity, whom the foul fiend vexes.
Do so, and after two days I will discharge thee.
Do so, and bid my sweet prepare to chide.
Do so, good Messala.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do that good mischief which may make this island Thine own for ever, and I, thy Caliban, For aye thy foot-licker.
Do the boys carry it away?
Do then, but I’ll not hear.
Do they grow rusty?
Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the city?
Do this expediently, and turn him going.
Do this suddenly, And let not search and inquisition quail To bring again these foolish runaways.
Do thou for him stand.
Do thou meet me presently at the harbor.—Come hither.
Do thy duty, and have thy duty, for my master and mistress are almost frozen to death.
Do thy office.
Do thy worst.
Do we all holy rites.
Do we but find the tyrant’s power tonight, Let us be beaten if we cannot fight.
Do we so.
Do we trouble you?
Do what you will, dishonor shall be humor.
Do you amend it then.
Do you believe his “tenders,” as you call them?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you come near me now?
Do you confess so much?
Do you confess the bond?
Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it, As needful in our loves, fitting our duty?
Do you doubt that?
Do you find some occasion to anger Cassio, either by speaking too loud, or tainting his discipline, or from what other course you please, which the time shall more favorably minister.
Do you find Your patience so predominant in your nature That you can let this go?
Do you go back dismayed?
Do you hear aught, sir, of a battle toward?
Do you hear, Cassio?
Do you hear, masters?
Do you hear, you minion?
Do you hear?
Do you intend it?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you know him?
Do you know me, Father?
Do you know me, my lord?
Do you know me, sir?
Do you know them?
Do you know what you say?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you like this haste?
Do you love me?
Do you mark that, my lord?
Do you mark that?
Do you misdoubt This sword and these my wounds?
Do you not hear him?
Do you not hear it ring?
Do you not hear me speak?
Do you not hear, fellows?
Do you not jest?
Do you not know I am a woman?
Do you not know me, Father?
Do you not remember he saw a flea stick upon Bardolph’s nose, and he said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Do you not remember, lady, in your father’s time a Venetian, a scholar and a soldier, that came hither in company of the Marquess of Montferrat?
Do you not see that I am out of breath?
Do you perceive in all this noble company Where most you owe obedience?
Do you put tricks upon ’s with savages and men of Ind, ha?
Do you quarrel, sir?
Do you question me as an honest man should do, for my simple true judgment?
Do you see this, O God?
Do you see yonder cloud that’s almost in shape of a camel?
Do you see, gentlemen?
Do you sing it, and I’ll dance it.
Do you smell a fault?
Do you speak in the sick tune?
Do you think I meant country matters?
Do you think I’ll be forsworn?
Do you triumph?
Do you wish then that the gods had made me poetical?
Do you withdraw yourself a little while,
Do, do.
Do, do.
Do, good friend.
Do, good William.
Do, I prithee, but yet have the grace to consider that tears do not become a man.
Do, if it will not stand.
Do, with like timorous accent and dire yell As when, by night and negligence, the fire Is spied in populous cities.
Do, young sir.
Do.
Does any here know me?
Does he rave?
Does she so?
Does’t not go well?
Doing is activity, and he will still be doing.
Dolabella, I shall remain your debtor.
Dolabella!
Dolabella!
Dolor comes to him, indeed.
Domestic fury and fierce civil strife Shall cumber all the parts of Italy.
Don Pedro is approached.
Donalbain.
Done to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies.
Done.
Dorset is fled to Richmond.
Dorset, embrace him.—Hastings, love Lord Marquess.
Dost fall?
Dost grant me, hedgehog?
Dost thou affect her, Claudio?
Dost thou believe, Orlando, that the boy Can do all this that he hath promisèd?
Dost thou call me fool, boy?
Dost thou forget From what a torment I did free thee?
Dost thou hear, Iago?
Dost thou hear, lady?
Dost thou hear, my honest friend?
Dost thou hear?
Dost thou hold there still?
Dost thou in conscience think—tell me, Emilia— That there be women do abuse their husbands In such gross kind?
Dost thou know me, fellow?
Dost thou know the difference, my boy, between a bitter fool and a sweet fool?
Dost thou lie so low?
Dost thou lie still?
Dost thou live by thy tabour?
Dost thou love me?
Dost thou love pictures?
Dost thou mean the crown?
Dost thou mock me?
Dost thou not bring me letters from the friar?
Dost thou not see my baby at my breast, That sucks the nurse asleep?
Dost thou not suspect my place?
Dost thou not suspect my years?
Dost thou prate, rogue?
Dost thou say so?
Dost thou squiny at me?
Dost thou think Alexander looked o' this fashion i' th' earth?
Dost thou think I care for a satire or an epigram?
Dost thou think If I would stand against thee, would the reposal Of any trust, virtue, or worth in thee Make thy words faithed?
Dost thou think so, spirit?
Dost thou understand me, man?
Doth Fortune play the huswife with me now?
Doth he not deserve well?
Doth he not mend?
Doth his Majesty Incline to it or no?
Doth it therefore ensue that you should love his son dearly?
Doth it?
Doth my simple feature content you?
Doth not  Ay, Nurse, what of that?
Doth not Brutus bootless kneel?
Doth not my wit become me rarely?
Doth not the day break here?
Doth not the gentleman Deserve as full as fortunate a bed As ever Beatrice shall couch upon?
Doth she not count her blessed, Unworthy as she is, that we have wrought So worthy a gentleman to be her bride?
doth sway my life.” Nay, but first, let me see, let me see, let me see.
Doth the moon shine that night we play our play?
Doth this news hold of good King Edward’s death?
Doth thy other mouth call me?
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
Doubtful it stood, As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art.
Dove-feathered raven, wolvish-ravening lamb!
Down from the waist they are centaurs, though women all above.
Down on your knees And thank heaven, fasting, for a good man’s love, For I must tell you friendly in your ear, Sell when you can; you are not for all markets.
Down with him, thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Down with the topmast!
Down, and swear.
Down, therefore, and beg mercy of the Duke.
Downy windows, close,
Draw and come.
Draw that thy honest sword, which thou hast worn Most useful for thy country.
Draw the curtain straight.
Draw the curtains—so, so, so.
Draw thy sword and give me Sufficing strokes for death.
Draw thy sword.
Draw thy tool!
Draw together.
Draw up your powers.
Draw, you rascal!
Draw, you rascal.
Draw, you rogue, for though it be night yet the moon shines.
Draw, you rogue, or I’ll so carbonado your shanks.
Dream on, dream on, of bloody deeds and death.
Drink thou.
Drink, servant-monster, when I bid thee.
Dromio—thou, Dromio—thou snail, thou slug, thou sot.
Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner.
Dromio, nor thou?
Dromio, what stuff of mine hast thou embarked?
Drones hive not with me.
Drown cats and blind puppies!
Drown thyself?
Drunk?
Dry sorrow drinks our blood.
Dry up in her the organs of increase, And from her derogate body never spring A babe to honor her.
Due for a chain your husband had of him.
Duke Frederick, hearing how that every day Men of great worth resorted to this forest, Addressed a mighty power, which were on foot In his own conduct, purposely to take His brother here and put him to the sword.
Dull thing, I say so.
E'en at hand, alighted by this.
E'en so, my lord.
E'en so.
E’en as the o’erflowing Nilus presageth famine.
Each heart in Rome does love and pity you.
Each new morn New widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrows Strike heaven on the face, that it resounds As if it felt with Scotland and yelled out Like syllable of dolor.
Early tomorrow will we rise and hence.
Ebbing men indeed Most often do so near the bottom run By their own fear or sloth.
Edgar I nothing am.
Edmund and I have talked, And more convenient is he for my hand Than for your lady’s.
Edmund I think is gone In pity of his misery to dispatch His nighted life; moreover to descry The strength o' th' enemy.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Edmund, farewell.
Edmund, seek him out, wind me into him, I pray you.
Edward Plantagenet, why art thou dead?
Edward’s unhappy sons do bid thee flourish.
Egypt, thou knew’st too well My heart was to thy rudder tied by th’ strings, And thou shouldst tow me after.
Eight score eight hours?
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and but twelve persons there!
Either be patient and entreat me fair, Or with the clamorous report of war Thus will I drown your exclamations.
Either heaven with lightning strike the murderer dead, Or earth gape open wide and eat him quick, As thou dost swallow up this good king’s blood, Which his hell-governed arm hath butcherèd!
Either my eyesight fails, or thou look’st pale.
Either send the chain, or send me by some token.
Either there is a civil strife in heaven, Or else the world, too saucy with the gods, Incenses them to send destruction.
Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
Either thou, Macbeth, Or else my sword with an unbattered edge I sheathe again undeeded.
Either withdraw unto some private place, And reason coldly of your grievances, Or else depart.
Else the Puck a liar call.
Ely with Richmond troubles me more near Than Buckingham and his rash-levied strength.
em all three all ready.
Emilia, run you to the citadel And tell my lord and lady what hath happed.— Will you go on afore?
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber.
Enjoy thy plainness.
Enobarbus, Antony Hath after thee sent all thy treasure, with His bounty overplus.
Enobarbus, welcome.
Enobarbus?
Enough to purchase what you have made known.
Enough, Captain.
Enough, I am engaged.
Enough.
Enough.
Enough.
Enter, sir, the castle.
Epicurism and lust Make it more like a tavern or a brothel Than a graced palace.
Ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love.
Ere he take ship for France, and in Southampton.
Ere I learn love, I’ll practice to obey.
Ere I ope his letter, I pray you tell me how my good friend doth.
Ere I would say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen, I would change my humanity with a baboon.
Ere it be demanded, As like enough it will, I would have it copied.
Ere the bat hath flown His cloistered flight, ere to black Hecate’s summons The shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums Hath rung night’s yawning peal, there shall be done A deed of dreadful note.
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
Eros, thou yet behold’st me?
Eros, Wouldst thou be windowed in great Rome and see Thy master thus with pleached arms, bending down His corrigible neck, his face subdued To penetrative shame, whilst the wheeled seat Of fortunate Caesar, drawn before him, branded His baseness that ensued?
Error i' the bill, sir, error i' the bill!
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, Bliss in our brows’ bent, none our parts so poor But was a race of heaven.
Ev'n as your horse bears your praises—who would trot as well were some of your brags dismounted.
Even a toy in hand here, sir.
Even as a flatt'ring dream or worthless fancy.
Even as men wracked upon a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide.
Even for that I thank you.
Even for that our love of old, I prithee, Hold thou my sword hilts, whilst I run on it.
Even for the blood That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice.
Even he that makes her queen.
Even he, madam.
Even he, sir.
Even he.
Even here Do we shake hands.
Even just the sum that I do owe to you Is growing to me by Antipholus.
Even now a tailor called me in his shop And showed me silks that he had bought for me, And therewithal took measure of my body.
Even now we housed him in the abbey here, And now he’s there, past thought of human reason.
Even now, now, very now, an old black ram Is tupping your white ewe.
Even now, sir.
Even or odd, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.
Even she: Leonato’s Hero, your Hero, every man’s Hero.
Even since you left it.
Even so great men great losses should endure.
Even so lies she, Blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Even so quickly may one catch the plague?
Even so?
Even so.
Even so.
Even so.
Even so.
Even so.—Cover their faces.
Even such a husband Hast thou of me as she is for a wife.
Even such delight Among fresh fennel buds shall you this night Inherit at my house.
Even then this forkèd plague is fated to us When we do quicken.
Even this repays me.— We sent our schoolmaster.
Even those you were wont to take delight in, the tragedians of the city.
Even what it please my lord that shall become him.
Even when you please, since you will have it so.
Evermore weeping for your cousin’s death?
Every hour He flashes into one gross crime or other That sets us all at odds.
Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil.
Every man look o'er his part.
Every one prepare To follow this fair corse unto her grave.
Every one that does so is a traitor and must be hanged.
Every one.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone hears that That can distinguish sound.
Everything is well.
Exceedingly, my lord.
Excellent good, i' faith.
Excellent good.
Excellent well!
Excellent well.
Excellent, i' faith, of the chameleon’s dish.
Excellent!
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet.
Exclaim no more against it.
Experience, manhood, honor, ne’er before Did violate so itself.
Expose thyself to feel what wretches feel, That thou mayst shake the superflux to them And show the heavens more just.
Expound unto me, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look your last.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian can scarce hold him yonder.
Face not me.
Fail not our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, We are your guest tonight.
Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains.
Fair daylight?
Fair Katherine, and most fair, Will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms Such as will enter at a lady’s ear And plead his love suit to her gentle heart?
Fair ladies, you drop manna in the way Of starvèd people.
Fair lady, by your leave, I come by note to give and to receive.
Fair lady, do you think you have fools in hand?
Fair Leda’s daughter had a thousand wooers; Then well one more may fair Bianca have.
Fair lovers, you are fortunately met.
Fair princess, you have lost much good sport.
Fair sir, and you, my merry mistress, That with your strange encounter much amazed me, My name is called Vincentio, my dwelling Pisa, And bound I am to Padua, there to visit A son of mine which long I have not seen.
Fair sir, I pity her And wish, for her sake more than for mine own, My fortunes were more able to relieve her.
Fair youth, I would I could make thee believe I love.
Fairer than tongue can name thee, let me have Some patient leisure to excuse myself.
Fairly spoke.
Fairy King, attend, and mark.
Faith, e'en with losing his wits.
Faith, he is posted hence on serious matter.
Faith, he tonight hath boarded a land carrack.
Faith, her privates we.
Faith, here’s an English tailor come hither for stealing out of a French hose.
Faith, I can tell her age unto an hour.
Faith, I know not what to say.
Faith, I saw it not, but I felt it hot in her breath.
Faith, I’ll home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Faith, like enough.
Faith, niece, you tax Signor Benedick too much, but he’ll be meet with you, I doubt it not.
Faith, no, as you may season it in the charge.
Faith, none but Humfrey Hower, that called your Grace To breakfast once, forth of my company.
Faith, once or twice she heaved the name of “father” Pantingly forth as if it pressed her heart, Cried, “Sisters, sisters!
Faith, sir, so-so.
Faith, sir, you need not fear.
Faith, some certain dregs of conscience are yet within me.
Faith, stay here this night.
Faith, that was not so well.
Faith, the priest was good enough, for all the old gentleman’s saying.
Faith, there has been much to do on both sides, and the nation holds it no sin to tar them to controversy.
Faith, we may put up our pipes and be gone.
Faith, we met and found the quarrel was upon the seventh cause.
Fall and cease.
Fall not a tear, I say.
Fall to ’t yarely, or we run ourselves aground.
Fall to.
False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
False justicer, why hast thou let her ’scape?
False to me?
False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse, Lest to thy harm thou move our patience.
False, false.
Famine is in thy cheeks.
Far more, far more, to you do I decline.
Far off methinks I hear the beaten drum.
Fare thee well at once.
Fare thee well awhile.
Fare thee well, dame.
Fare thee well, nymph.
Fare thee well!
Fare thee well.
Fare thee well.
Fare thee well.
Fare thee well.
Fare ye well.
Fare you well at once.
Fare you well, boy.
Fare you well, Jessica.
Fare you well, my liege.
Fare you well, my lord.
Fare you well, sir.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare you well.
Fare-well.
Farewell both.
Farewell content!
Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump, The spirit-stirring drum, th' ear-piercing fife, The royal banner, and all quality, Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!
Farewell the plumèd troops and the big wars That makes ambition virtue!
Farewell till then.
Farewell till then.
Farewell to you.—And you.—And you, Volumnius.
Farewell, and if my fortune be not crost, I have a father, you a daughter, lost.
Farewell, and thanks.
Farewell, dear Father.
Farewell, dear mother.
Farewell, everyone.
Farewell, fair cruelty.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, father.
Farewell, for I must leave you.
Farewell, good Charles.
Farewell, good Launcelot.
Farewell, good Salisbury, and good luck go with thee.
Farewell, good Signior Love.
Farewell, good Strato.
Farewell, great chief.
Farewell, hostess.
Farewell, kind Charmian.
Farewell, kind lord.
Farewell, kind master.
Farewell, my coz.
Farewell, my dearest sister, fare thee well.
Farewell, my Desdemona.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lords.
Farewell, sweet lord, and sister.
Farewell, sweet masters both.
Farewell, sweet playfellow.
Farewell, therefore, Hero.
Farewell, thou lob of spirits.
Farewell, thou woeful welcomer of glory.
Farewell!
Farewell!
Farewell!—God knows when we shall meet again.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Fast bind, fast find.
Fate, show thy force.
Father, ’tis thus: yourself and all the world That talked of her have talked amiss of her.
Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu.
Father, I am glad you are come.
Father, I charge thee, by thy reverence, Here to unfold (though lately we intended To keep in darkness what occasion now Reveals before ’tis ripe) what thou dost know Hath newly passed between this youth and me.
Father, in.
Father, what news?
Fathered he is, and yet he’s fatherless.
Fathers commonly Do get their children.
Fathers that wear rags  Do make their children blind.
Fathers, from hence trust not your daughters' minds By what you see them act.
Favors?
Fear comes upon me.
Fear it, my dear sister, And keep you in the rear of your affection, Out of the shot and danger of desire.
Fear it, Ophelia.
Fear me not, man.
Fear me not.
Fear me not.— She and the duke her husband!
Fear not my government.
Fear not, Baptista, we will content you.
Fear not, Cesario.
Fear not, my lord.
Fear nothing.
Fear you not my part of the dialogue.
Fear you the boar, and go so unprovided?
Fear’st thou that, Antonio?
Fears and scruples shake us.
Fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian is?
Feed and regard him not.
Feed and sleep.
Feed him with apricoks and dewberries, With purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Feel you your legs?
Feeling so the loss, Cannot choose but ever weep the friend.
Fellow Grumio!
Fellow, come from the throng.
Fellow, I know thee.
Fellow, wilt thou bestow thy time with me?
Fellows, let’s be gone.
Fetch Desdemona hither.
Fetch forth the stocks!
Fetch me an iron crow.
Fetch me the handkerchief—my mind misgives.
Fetch me this herb, and be thou here again Ere the leviathan can swim a league.
Fetch that gallant hither.
Fetch the will hither, and we shall determine How to cut off some charge in legacies.
Fetch thy master home.
Fie on her!
Fie on thee, wretch.
Fie on thee!
Fie upon ’t, foh!
Fie upon “But yet.” “But yet” is as a jailer to bring forth Some monstrous malefactor.
Fie upon thee!
Fie, Demetrius!
Fie, fie on all tired jades, on all mad masters, and all foul ways!
Fie, fie, ’tis lewd and filthy!
Fie, fie, fie, pah, pah!—Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to sweeten my imagination.
Fie, Fie, lieutenant, You’ll be ashamed for ever.
Fie, fie, thou shamest thy shape, thy love, thy wit, Which, like a usurer, abound’st in all And usest none in that true use indeed Which should bedeck thy shape, thy love, thy wit.
Fie, fie!
Fie, fie!
Fie, for shame!
Fie, how impatience loureth in your face.
Fie, how my bones ache!
Fie, now you run this humor out of breath.
Fie, sir, fie!
Fie, that you’ll say so!
Fie, there is no such man.
Fie, thou dishonest Satan!
Fie, what a question’s that If thou wert near a lewd interpreter!
Fie, what a slug is Hastings that he comes not To tell us whether they will come or no!
Fie!
Fie!
Fierce fiery warriors fought upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol.
Fiery”?
Fiery”?
Fight valiantly today.
Fill, Lucius, till the wine o'erswell the cup.
Filth, thou liest!
Filths savor but themselves.
Find out moonshine, find out moonshine!
Find out this villain, Edmund.
Find them out whose names are written here?
Find thou the means, and I’ll find such a man.
Find you out a bed, For I upon this bank will rest my head.
Fine apparition!
Fine, i' faith!
Finish, good lady.
Fire and brimstone!
Fire!
Firm and irrevocable is my doom Which I have passed upon her.
First he denied you had in him no right.
First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
First let me talk with this philosopher.—
First let us go to dinner.
First resolve me that.
First, as you know, my house within the city Is richly furnishèd with plate and gold, Basins and ewers to lave her dainty hands; My hangings all of Tyrian tapestry, In ivory coffers I have stuffed my crowns, In cypress chests my arras counterpoints, Costly apparel, tents, and canopies, Fine linen, Turkey cushions bossed with pearl, Valance of Venice gold in needlework, Pewter and brass, and all things that belong To house or housekeeping.
First, forward to the temple.
First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on, then read the names of the actors, and so grow to a point.
First, he commends him to your noble self.
First, I ask thee what they have done; thirdly, I ask thee what’s their offense; sixth and lastly, why they are committed; and, to conclude, what you lay to their charge.
First, I must tell thee this: Desdemona is directly in love with him.
First, if all obstacles were cut away And that my path were even to the crown As the ripe revenue and due of birth, Yet so much is my poverty of spirit, So mighty and so many my defects, That I would rather hide me from my greatness, Being a bark to brook no mighty sea, Than in my greatness covet to be hid And in the vapor of my glory smothered.
First, know my horse is tired, my master and mistress fallen out.
First, madam, he is well.
First, of my word!
First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies cannot abide.
First, rehearse your song by rote, To each word a warbling note.
First, there is the Neapolitan prince.
Five hundred poor I have in yearly pay, Who twice a day their withered hands hold up Toward heaven to pardon blood.
Five shillings to one on ’t, with any man that knows the statutes, he may stay him—marry, not without the Prince be willing, for indeed the watch ought to offend no man, and it is an offense to stay a man against his will.
Five summers have I spent in farthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus, Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought Or that or any place that harbors men.
Five-and-twenty, sir.
Flat burglary as ever was committed.
Flatterers?—Now, Brutus, thank yourself.
Fled this way, sir, when by no means he could— Pursue him, ho!
Fled to England?
Fled to his house amazed.
Flies may do this, but I from this must fly.
Flower of this purple dye, Hit with Cupid’s archery, Sink in apple of his eye.
Fly And make your peace with Caesar.
Fly further off, my lord, fly further off.
Fly hence and leave me.
Fly not.
Fly, fly, my lord.
Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly, fly!
Fly, masters!
Fly, my lord, fly.
Fly, therefore, noble Cassius, fly far off.
Fly?
Folded the writ up in form of th' other, Subscribed it, gave ’t th' impression, placed it safely, The changeling never known.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot Of all thy sex.
Follow me and receive ’t.
Follow me not.
Follow me, lady.— Turn out that eyeless villain.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Follow not.
Follow that lord, and look you mock him not.
Follow the noise so far as we have quarter; Let’s see how it will give off.
Follow your spirit, and upon this charge Cry “God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow, and see there be no harm between them.
Follow, follow!
Follow, I pray you.
Follow”?
Followed the old man forth.
FOOL Oh, he’s drunk, Sir Toby, an hour agone.
Fool, do not flatter.
Fool, fool, fool, I say!
Fool, I say!
Fool, I’ll requite it in the highest degree.
Fool, of thyself speak well.
Fool!
Foolish curs, that run winking into the mouth of a Russian bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish wench, To th' most of men this is a Caliban And they to him are angels.
For ’tis most easy Th' inclining Desdemona to subdue In any honest suit.
For a fish without a fin, there’s a fowl without a feather.—   Go, get thee gone.
For a little Follow, and do me service.
For a taste: If a hart do lack a hind, Let him seek out Rosalind.
For all the rest, They’ll take suggestion as a cat laps milk.
For Antony, I have no ears to his request.
For any good That I myself have done unto myself?
For as thou urgest justice, be assured Thou shalt have justice more than thou desirest.
For aught that I could ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth.
For besides these beneficial news, it is the celebration of his nuptial.
For better might we Have loved without this mean, if on both parts This be not cherished.
For both our sakes, I would that word were true.
For both, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus' sake, I am beholding to you.
For but a month ago I went from hence, And then ’twas fresh in murmur—as, you know, What great ones do the less will prattle of— That he did seek the love of fair Olivia.
For by the way I’ll sort occasion, As index to the story we late talked of, To part the queen’s proud kindred from the prince.
For certain she is dead, and by strange manner.
For certain, sir, he is not.
For certainly thou art so near the gulf Thou needs must be englutted.
For charitable prayers Shards, flints and pebbles should be thrown on her.
For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl.
For divers unknown reasons, I beseech you, Grant me this boon.
For do but stand upon the foaming shore, The chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds, The wind-shaked surge, with high and monstrous mane, Seems to cast water on the burning bear, And quench the guards of th' ever-fixèd pole.
For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake.
For England his approaches makes as fierce As waters to the sucking of a gulf.
For even out of that will I cause these of Cyprus to mutiny, whose qualification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of Cassio.
For every minute is expectancy Of more arrivance.
For Falstaff, he is dead, and we must earn therefore.
For first was he contract to Lady Lucy— Your mother lives a witness to that vow— And afterward by substitute betrothed To Bona, sister to the king of France.
For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by.
For God’s love, let me hear.
For God’s sake, a pot of small ale.
For God’s sake, hold your hands.
For God’s sake, send some other messenger.
For God’s sake, take a house.
For half thy wealth, it is Antonio’s.
For Hamlet and the trifling of his favor, Hold it a fashion and a toy in blood, A violet in the youth of primy nature, Forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting, The perfume and suppliance of a minute.
For he is, sure, i' th' island.
For he loves to hear That unicorns may be betrayed with trees, And bears with glasses, elephants with holes, Lions with toils, and men with flatterers.
For he partly begs To be desired to give.
For hear me, Hero, wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinquepace.
For heaven’s sake, help me!
For him, I think not on him.
For himself to mar,” quoth he?
For his bounty, There was no winter in ’t, an autumn ’twas That grew the more by reaping.
For his thoughts, Would they were blanks, rather than fill’d with me.
For his valor cannot carry his discretion, and the fox carries the goose.
For I am almost ready to dissolve, Hearing of this.
For I am he am born to tame you, Kate, And bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate Conformable as other household Kates.
For I am sick when I do look on thee.
For I am sure mine nails Are stronger than mine eyes.
For I am sure, Though you can guess what temperance should be, You know not what it is.
For I am Trinculo—be not afeard—thy good friend Trinculo.
For I can give his humor the true bent, And I will bring him to the Capitol.
For I had then laid wormwood to my dug, Sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall.
For I have neither wit nor words nor worth, Action nor utterance nor the power of speech, To stir men’s blood.
For I have seen more years, I’m sure, than ye.
For I mine own gained knowledge should profane If I would time expend with such a snipe But for my sport and profit.
For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
For I tell you, father, I am as peremptory as she proud-minded; And where two raging fires meet together, They do consume the thing that feeds their fury.
For I will make him tell the tale anew Where, how, how oft, how long ago, and when He hath, and is again to cope your wife.
For if such actions may have passage free, Bond-slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be.
For if the Jew do cut but deep enough, I’ll pay it presently with all my heart.
For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion— Have you a daughter?
For if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it.
For in all the play There is not one word apt, one player fitted.
For indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish a bird?
For it is a figure in rhetoric that drink, being poured out of a cup into a glass, by filling the one doth empty the other.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.
For lead?
For learn this, Silius: Better to leave undone than by our deed Acquire too high a fame when him we serve’s away.
For Lord Hamlet, Believe so much in him that he is young, And with a larger tether may he walk Than may be given you.
For love I followed him.
For love of God, forbear him.
For many miles about There’s scarce a bush.
For me, I’ll not be gone till I please myself.
For me, that I may surely keep mine oath, I will be married to a wealthy widow, Ere three days pass, which hath as long loved me As I have loved this proud disdainful haggard.
For me, the gold of France did not seduce, Although I did admit it as a motive The sooner to effect what I intended; But God be thankèd for prevention, Which I in sufferance heartily will rejoice, Beseeching God and you to pardon me.
For me, three thousand ducats.
For me, with sorrow I embrace my fortune.
For Michael Cassio, I dare be sworn, I think, that he is honest.
For mine own good, All causes shall give way.
For mine own part, I shall be glad to learn of noble men.
For mine own part, no offence to the general nor any man of quality, I hope to be saved.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me alone with him.
For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak With most miraculous organ.
For my brother, I think he holds you well, and in dearness of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage—surely suit ill spent and labor ill bestowed.
For my dinner.
For my Lord Lackbeard there, he and I shall meet, and till then peace be with him.
For my part, I am so attired in wonder I know not what to say.
For my part, I am sorry it is turned to a drinking.
For my part, I care not.
For my part, I had rather bear with you than bear you.
For my part, I have walked about the streets, Submitting me unto the perilous night, And, thus unbracèd, Casca, as you see, Have bared my bosom to the thunder-stone.
For my part, the sea cannot drown me.
For my uncle is King of Denmark, and those that would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little.
For naught so vile that on the earth doth live But to the earth some special good doth give.
For no kind of traffic Would I admit.
For not alone The death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches, Do strongly speak to us, but the letters too Of many our contriving friends in Rome Petition us at home.
For Oberon is passing fell and wrath Because that she, as her attendant hath A lovely boy stolen from an Indian king.
For often, with a solemn earnestness— More than indeed belonged to such a trifle— He begged of me to steal it.
For once upon a raw and gusty day, The troubled Tiber chafing with her shores, Caesar said to me, “Darest thou, Cassius, now Leap in with me into this angry flood And swim to yonder point?” Upon the word, Accoutred as I was, I plungèd in And bade him follow.
For one thing she did They would not take her life.
For our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers, Which is both healthful and good husbandry.
For our losses, his exchequer is too poor; for th' effusion of our blood, the muster of his kingdom too faint a number; and for our disgrace, his own person, kneeling at our feet but a weak and worthless satisfaction.
For Pyramus is a sweet-faced man, a proper man as one shall see in a summer’s day, a most lovely, gentlemanlike man.
For Pyramus therein doth kill himself.
For several virtues Have I liked several women.
For shame, bring Juliet forth.
For shame, put on your gown.
For shame, you generals!
For she his hairy temples then had rounded With a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers, And that same dew, which sometime on the buds Was wont to swell like round and orient pearls, Stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes Like tears that did their own disgrace bewail.
For she is wise, if I can judge of her.
For so thou art.
For taking one’s part that’s out of favor.
For that goes hard.
For that he dares us to ’t.
For that you must But say I could not help it.
For the best turn i’ th’ bed.
For the Dauphin, I stand here for him.
For the heavens, he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.
For the heavens, rouse up a brave mind,” says the fiend, “and run.” Well, my conscience, hanging about the neck of my heart, says very wisely to me, “My honest friend Launcelot, being an honest man’s son”—or rather an honest woman’s son, for indeed my father did something smack, something grow to.
For the intent and purpose of the law Hath full relation to the penalty, Which here appeareth due upon the bond.
For the love o' God, peace!
For the love of God, a surgeon!
For the love of God, your help!
For the meat, sir, it shall be covered.
For the most part, too, they are foolish that are so.
For the one, I have neither words nor measure; and for the other, I have no strength in measure, yet a reasonable measure in strength.
For the poor wren, The most diminutive of birds, will fight, Her young ones in her nest, against the owl.
For the Queen, I’ll take her to my guard.
For the table, sir, it shall be served in.
For the which I hear what they say of him.
For the which, as I told you, Antonio shall be bound.
For them all together, which maintained so politic a state of evil that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them.
For then I’ll marry Warwick’s youngest daughter.
For there is not a more fearful wildfowl than your lion living.
For there was never yet fair woman but she made mouths    in a glass.
For these fellows of infinite tongue, that can rhyme themselves into ladies' favors, they do always reason themselves out again.
For these two hours, Rosalind, I will leave thee.
For they shall yet belie thy happy years That say thou art a man.
For they were parted With foul and violent tempest.
For this night, to bed, and dream on the event.
For this pains Caesar hath hanged him.
For this present, I would not, so with love I might entreat you, Be any further moved.
For this reason, if you’ll know: That she’s the choice love of Signior Gremio.
For this relief much thanks.
For this slave, If there be any cunning cruelty That can torment him much and hold him long, It shall be his.
For this time I will leave you.
For this, be sure, tonight thou shalt have cramps, Side-stitches that shall pen thy breath up.
For those that mingle reason with your passion Must be content to think you old, and so— But she knows what she does.
For though she’s as like this as a crab’s like an apple, yet I can tell what I can tell.
For three months, well.
For thy escape would teach me tyranny, To hang clogs on them.—I have done, my lord.
For two, and sound ones too.
For us, we will consider of this further.
For us, we will resign During the life of this old majesty To him our absolute power.
For us, you know Whose he is we are, and that is Caesar’s.
For we will fetters put upon this fear, Which now goes too free-footed.
For what advancement may I hope from thee That no revenue hast but thy good spirits, To feed and clothe thee?
For what good turn?
For what had he to do to chide at me?
For what is he they follow?
For what offence?
For what purpose, love?
For what reason?
For what, I pray thee?
For when mine hours Were nice and lucky, men did ransom lives Of me for jests; but now I’ll set my teeth And send to darkness all that stop me.
For when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what price they will.
For when she saw— Which never shall be found—you did suspect She had disposed with Caesar, and that your rage Would not be purged, she sent you word she was dead.
For when thou gavest them the rod, and put’st down thine own breeches,            Prithee, nuncle, keep a schoolmaster that can teach thy fool to lie.
For who would bear the whips and scorns of time, Th' oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s contumely, The pangs of despised love, the law’s delay, The insolence of office, and the spurns That patient merit of th' unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus make With a bare bodkin?
For whose sake did I that ill deed?
For with throwing thus my head,  Dogs leap the hatch, and all are fled.
For women are as roses, whose fair flower Being once displayed, doth fall that very hour.
For you know, nuncle, The hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long, That it’s had it head bit off by it young.
For you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to come again.
For you see, it is already in snuff.
For your coming in to dinner, sir, why, let it be as humours and conceits shall govern.
For your desire to know what is between us, O'ermaster ’t as you may.
For your father’s remembrance, be at accord.
For your life you durst not.
For your part, To you our swords have leaden points, Mark Antony.
For your physicians have expressly charged, In peril to incur your former malady, That I should yet absent me from your bed.
For youth is bought more oft than begged or borrow’d.
For, as I am a soldier, A name that in my thoughts becomes me best, If I begin the batt'ry once again, I will not leave the half-achieved Harfleur Till in her ashes she lie burièd.
For, as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose-wived, so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave uncuckolded.
For, by this heaven, now at our sorrows pale, Say what thou canst, I’ll go along with thee.
For, by this light of heaven, I know not how I lost him.
For, hark you, Tybalt being slain so late, It may be thought we held him carelessly, Being our kinsman, if we revel much.
For, I am sure, you have your hands full all In this so sudden business.
For, look you, how cheerfully my mother looks, and my father died within these two hours.
For, meeting her of late behind the wood, Seeking sweet favors from this hateful fool, I did upbraid her and fall out with her.
For, my good liege, she is so idly kinged, Her scepter so fantastically borne By a vain, giddy, shallow, humorous youth, That fear attends her not.
For, of my heart, those charms, thine eyes, are blotted.
For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed Both by the Syracusians and ourselves, To admit no traffic to our adverse towns.
For, sir, It is as sure as you are Roderigo, Were I the Moor, I would not be Iago.
For, you know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight.
Forbear me.
Forbear to sleep the nights, and fast the days; Compare dead happiness with living woe; Think that thy babes were sweeter than they were, And he that slew them fouler than he is.
Forbear, and eat no more.
Fore heaven, an excellent song.
Fore heaven, they have given me a rouse already.
Forever and a day.
Forever and forever farewell, Brutus.
Forever and forever farewell, Cassius.
Forget to think of her.
Forgot you!
Fortune and Antony part here.
Fortune and victory sit on thy helm!
Fortune forbid my outside have not charmed her!
Fortune is an excellent moral.
Fortune is merry, And in this mood will give us anything.
Fortune now To my heart’s hope!
Fortune pursue thee!
Fortune, that arrant whore,  Ne'er turns the key to th' poor.
Forty thousand brothers Could not with all their quantity of love Make up my sum.
Foul deeds will rise, Though all the earth o'erwhelm them, to men’s eyes.
Foul shame upon you, you have all moved mine.
Foul weather?
Foul words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome.
Foul, wrinkled witch, what mak’st thou in my sight?
Fouler than heart can think thee, thou canst make No excuse current but to hang thyself.
Found you no displeasure in him by word or countenance?
Four days will quickly steep themselves in night.
Four legs and two voices—a most delicate monster.
Four nights will quickly dream away the time.
Fourscore ducats at a sitting!
Fourscore ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-mender?
Free from the bondage you are in, Messala.
Free, madam, no.
Freedom!
Fret till your proud heart break.
Friar, it cannot be.
Friar!
Friend Launcelot, what’s the news?
Friends am I with you all and love you all Upon this hope: that you shall give me reasons Why and wherein Caesar was dangerous.
Friends to this ground.
Friends, begone.
Friends, come hither.
Friends, part!” and, swifter than his tongue, His agile arm beats down their fatal points, And ’twixt them rushes—underneath whose arm An envious thrust from Tybalt hit the life Of stout Mercutio, and then Tybalt fled.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears.
Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love.
From all such devils, good Lord, deliver us!
From Athens is her house remote seven leagues, And she respects me as her only son.
From both, my lord.
From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life, Whose misadventured piteous overthrows Doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
From France there comes a power Into this scattered kingdom, who already, Wise in our negligence, have secret feet In some of our best ports and are at point To show their open banner.
From helmet to the spur, all blood he was.
From henceforth I will, coz, and devise sports.
From me he got it.
From me, whose love was of that dignity That it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage, and to decline Upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor To those of mine.
From my house, if I had it— The sixth of July.
From our brother England?
From seventeen years till now almost fourscore Here livèd I, but now live here no more.
From Silvius, sir.
From that place I shall no leading need.
From the Count Orsino, is it?
From the dread summit of this chalky bourn.
From the four corners of the earth they come To kiss this shrine, this mortal breathing saint.
From this time forth I never will speak word.
From this time Such I account thy love.
From top to toe?
Front to front Bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself.
Full half an hour.
Full many a lady I have eyed with best regard and many a time
Full of vexation come I with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia.— Stand forth, Demetrius.—My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her.— Stand forth, Lysander.—And my gracious duke, This man hath bewitched the bosom of my child.— Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes, And interchanged love tokens with my child.
Full oft ’tis seen, Our means secure us and our mere defects Prove our commodities.
Fulvia is dead.
Fulvia thy wife first came into the field.
Fulvia thy wife is dead.
Fulvia?
Furthermore, I pray you show my youth old Shylock’s house.
Fury, Fury!—There, Tyrant, there.
Fut, I should have been that I am, had the maidenliest star in the firmament twinkled on my bastardizing.
Gallants, I am not as I have been.
Gallus, go you along.
Gave it a judge’s clerk!
General, be advised, He comes to bad intent.
Gentle cousin, Let us go thank him and encourage him.
Gentle lady, When I did first impart my love to you, I freely told you, all the wealth I had Ran in my veins.
Gentle madam, no.
Gentle Mercutio, put thy rapier up.
Gentle Octavia, Let your best love draw to that point which seeks Best to preserve it.
Gentleman, God save thee.
Gentlemen all, I do suspect this trash To be a party in this injury.— Patience awhile, good Cassio.—Come, come, Lend me a light.
Gentlemen both, we will not wake your patience.
Gentlemen both, you will mistake each other.
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I may find the young Romeo?
Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, rise.
Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls.
Gertrude, do not drink.
Get him to bed, and let his hurt be looked to.
Get him to say his prayers, good Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Get horses for your mistress.
Get me a taper in my study, Lucius.
Get me ink and paper, And hire post horses.
Get me some poison, Iago, this night.
Get on your nightgown, lest occasion call us And show us to be watchers.
Get thee a wife, get thee a wife.
Get thee away.
Get thee gone, And hire those horses.
Get thee gone, but do it.
Get thee gone.
Get thee hence.
Get thee to a nunnery, go.
Get thee to a nunnery.
Get thee to bed, Francisco.
Get thee to bed.
Get you a place.
Get you all three into the boxtree.
Get you gone And hasten your return.
Get you gone, And at the pit of Acheron Meet me i' th' morning.
Get you therefore hence, Poor miserable wretches, to your death, The taste whereof God of His mercy give You patience to endure, and true repentance Of all your dear offences.—Bear them hence.
Get you to bed again.
Get you to bed on th' instant, I will be returned Forthwith.
Get you to bed, faith.
Get you to church, and have a good priest that can tell you what marriage is.
Get you to your lord.
Get your apparel together, good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps.
Ghastly looks Are at my service, like enforcèd smiles, And both are ready in their offices, At any time to grace my stratagems.
Gifts that God gives.
Gilded tombs do worms enfold.
Give ’s your hand.
Give ear, sir, to my sister.
Give every man thy ear but few thy voice.
Give first admittance to th' ambassadors.
Give her the right you should have given her cousin, And so dies my revenge.
Give her this key, and tell her in the desk That’s cover’d o'er with Turkish tapestry There is a purse of ducats.
Give him a halter.
Give him a present.
Give him direction for this merry bond, And I will go and purse the ducats straight, See to my house left in the fearful guard Of an unthrifty knave, and presently I will be with you.
Give him heedful note.
Give him no breath, but now Make boot of his distraction.
Give him tending.
Give him the cup.
Give him this deed, And let him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.
Give me a calendar.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a living reason she’s disloyal.
Give me a taper, call up all my people!
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse!
Give me answer to it.
Give me any gage of thine, and I will wear it in my bonnet.
Give me audience, good madam.
Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
Give me excess of it that, surfeiting, The appetite may sicken, and so die.
Give me faith, say I.
Give me leave awhile.
Give me leave To speak my mind, and I will through and through Cleanse the foul body of th' infected world, If they will patiently receive my medicine.
Give me leave, Caesar.
Give me leave.— I am a gentleman of Verona, sir, That hearing of her beauty and her wit, Her affability and bashful modesty, Her wondrous qualities and mild behavior, Am bold to show myself a forward guest Within your house, to make mine eye the witness Of that report which I so oft have heard.
Give me mine angle.
Give me mine armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my principal, and let me go.
Give me my robe, for I will go.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin again.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
Give me now leave to leave thee.
Give me particulars.
Give me some help.
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some light, away!
Give me some little breath, some pause, dear lord, Before I positively speak in this.
Give me some music.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
Give me that boy and I will go with thee.
Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
Give me the cups.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me the letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me thy arm.
Give me thy hand, And let me see thee in thy woman’s weeds.
Give me thy hand, Messala.
Give me thy hand, Roderigo.
Give me thy hand.
Give me thy hand.
Give me thy torch, boy.
Give me up the truth.
Give me your answer, i' faith, do; and so clap hands and a bargain.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand first.
Give me your hand, And let me all your fortunes understand.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hands if we be friends,  And Robin shall restore amends.
Give me your neaf, Monsieur Mustardseed.
Give me your present to one Master Bassanio, who indeed gives rare new liveries.
Give me, give me!
Give me,”      quoth I.
Give me.
Give mine the benefit of seigniory, And let my griefs frown on the upper hand.
Give order to my servants that they take No note at all of our being absent hence.— Nor you, Lorenzo.—Jessica, nor you.
Give the word through.
Give the word, ho, and stand.
Give them way till he take leave, and presently after him.
Give thy thoughts no tongue, Nor any unproportioned thought his act.
Give to a gracious message An host of tongues, but let ill tidings tell Themselves when they be felt.
Give us kind keepers, heavens!
Give us the place alone.
Give welcome to my friend.
Give you good morrow, sir.
Give you good morrow.
Give you good night.
Give you good night.
Gives him three thousand crowns in annual fee And his commission to employ those soldiers, So levied as before, against the Polack, With an entreaty, herein further shown, That it might please you to give quiet pass Through your dominions for this enterprise, On such regards of safety and allowance As therein are set down.
Glance at my credit with Hippolyta, Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigouna, whom he ravishèd?
Gloucester, ’tis true that we are in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Go a little before.
Go after her.
Go after.
Go and commend me to my brother Cassius.
Go and importune her.
Go and say We purpose her no shame.
Go and tell them so.
Go and trim her up.
Go apart, Adam, and thou shalt hear how he will shake me up.
Go armed.
Go ask his name.—If he be married.
Go back again and be new beaten home?
Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home.
Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till I come to thee.
Go bid the priests do present sacrifice And bring me their opinions of success.
Go bring the rabble, O'er whom I give thee power, here to this place.
Go but with me tonight, you shall see her chamber window entered, even the night before her wedding day.
Go by, Saint Jeronimy.
Go call him hither.
Go carry them and smear The sleepy grooms with blood.
Go charge Agrippa Plant those that have revolted in the vant, That Antony may seem to spend his fury Upon himself.
Go charge my goblins that they grind their joints With dry convulsions, shorten up their sinews With agèd cramps, and more pinch-spotted make them Than pard or cat o' mountain.
Go comfort your cousin.
Go fetch fire.
Go fetch it, sister.
Go fetch My best attires.
Go fetch them hither.
Go forth, Agrippa, and begin the fight.
Go get him surgeons.
Go get it ready.
Go get some water, And wash this filthy witness from your hand.
Go hence with diligence.
Go hence.
Go in with me, and I will tell you my drift.
Go in with me.
Go in, and tell my lady I am gone, Having displeased my father, to Lawrence’s cell To make confession and to be absolved.
Go in, and weep not.
Go in, Nerissa.
Go look after him.
Go make thee ready; Our letters are prepared.
Go make thyself like a nymph o' th' sea.
Go not my horse the better, I must become a borrower of the night For a dark hour or twain.
Go off, I discard you.
Go off.
Go on before.
Go put on thy defenses.
Go release them, Ariel.
Go seek him out, speak fair, and bring the body Into the chapel.
Go seek him.
Go seek the traitor Gloucester.
Go shake your ears!
Go show your slaves how choleric you are And make your bondmen tremble.
Go sleep, and hear us.
Go softly on.
Go take this shape And hither come in ’t.
Go tell him of this.
Go then and muster men, but leave behind Your son George Stanley.
Go then, find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and the Count Claudio alone.
Go then, my mother; to thy daughter go.
Go therefore, tell thy master: here I am.
Go thither, and with unattainted eye Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
Go thou to Juliet, help to deck up her.
Go thou with me, and let me counsel thee.
Go thou.
Go thrust him out at gates, and let him smell His way to Dover.
Go thy ways to a nunnery.
Go thy ways, wench.
Go to him, Dolabella, bid him yield.
Go to him, madam, speak to him.
Go to my chamber, put on clothes of mine.
Go to the gate.
Go to the pulpit, Brutus.
Go to thy cold bed and warm thee.
Go to thy cold bed and warm thee.
Go to your rest.
Go to, away.
Go to, carry this.
Go to, charm your tongue.
Go to, farewell.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.—Come hither, sir.
Go to, I’ll no more on ’t.
Go to, mum, you are he.
Go to, say you nothing.
Go to, then!
Go to, then.
Go to, they are not men o' their words.
Go to, thou art made, if thou desirest to be so—” Am I made?
Go to, well said, well said.
Go to, woman, Throw your vile guesses in the devil’s teeth From whence you have them.
Go to, you are too shrewd.
Go to, you’re a dry fool.
Go to.
Go to.
Go to.
Go to.
Go tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return.
Go waken Juliet.
Go we to him.
Go with me and see What I can show in this.
Go with me to a notary, seal me there Your single bond, and—in a merry sport— If you repay me not on such a day, In such a place, such sum or sums as are Expressed in the condition, let the forfeit Be nominated for an equal pound Of your fair flesh, to be cut off and taken In what part of your body pleaseth me.
Go with me To bless this twain that they may prosperous be, And honored in their issue.
Go with me to it, and I’ll show it you; and by the way you shall tell me where in the forest you live.
Go with me to the duchess.
Go with me to the vault.
Go with me, And in the breath of bitter words let’s smother My damnèd son that thy two sweet sons smothered.
Go with me, Silvius.
Go with me.
Go with my brothers to my lords of England.
Go you and maintain talk with the duke, that my charity be not of him perceived.
Go you and prepare Aliena, for look you, here comes my Rosalind.
Go you and tell her of it.
Go you and tell my daughter I would speak with her.
Go you before, and I will follow you.
Go you down that way towards the Capitol.
Go you to him from me.
Go you with me and I will use your skill.— Good cousin, have a care this busy time.
Go you with me, uncle of Exeter.
Go you, call hither my fool.
Go, and bring them.
Go, And with your speediest bring us what she says And how you find of her.
Go, be gone.
Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns.
Go, bind this man, for he is frantic too.
Go, Biondello, bid your mistress come to me.
Go, borrow me a crow.
Go, bring them in.—And take your places, ladies.
Go, by this token.
Go, call him hither, boy   No more shall be the neighbor to my counsels Hath he so long held out with me, untired, And stops he now for breath?
Go, coward as thou art.
Go, Eros, send his treasure after.
Go, fetch me something: I’ll break ope the gate.
Go, get thee gone, I say.
Go, get thee hence.
Go, get thee to thy love, as was decreed.
Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.
Go, girl.
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, go, good countrymen, and for this fault, Assemble all the poor men of your sort, Draw them to Tiber banks, and weep your tears Into the channel till the lowest stream Do kiss the most exalted shores of all.
Go, go, up to the leads.
Go, go.
Go, good partner, go, get you to Francis Seacole.
Go, good Tubal.
Go, hang yourselves all!
Go, keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction.— Thirty-three years have I but gone in travail Of you, my sons, and till this present hour My heavy burden ne'er deliverèd.— The Duke, my husband, and my children both, And you, the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gossips' feast, and go with me.
Go, leave me.
Go, Lovell, with all speed to Doctor Shaw.
Go, make money.
Go, my dread lord, to your great-grandsire’s tomb, From whom you claim.
Go, one of you, find out the forester.
Go, one, and call the Jew into the court.
Go, Pindarus, get higher on that hill.
Go, prepare for dinner.
Go, prick thy face and over-red thy fear, Thou lily-livered boy.
Go, rascals, go, and fetch my supper in.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go, sirrah, seek him.
Go, sirrah, take them to the buttery And give them friendly welcome every one.
Go, sirrah, trudge about Through fair Verona.
Go, some of you, And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
Go, take it up unto thy master’s use.
Go, then, for ’tis in vain To seek him here that means not to be found.
Go, vanish into air, away!
Go, write it in a martial hand.
Go, you cot-quean, go.
Go, you wild bedfellow, you cannot soothsay.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Goats and monkeys!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
God 'i' good e'en.
God 'ild you for your last company.
God 'ild you, sir.
God almighty, There is some soul of goodness in things evil, Would men observingly distill it out.
God and his angels guard your sacred throne And make you long become it.
God and our good cause fight upon our side.
God and our innocence defend and guard us!
God and the rope-maker bear me witness That I was sent for nothing but a rope.
God and your arms be praised, victorious friends!
God be at your table.
God be wi' you and keep you and heal your pate.
God be wi' you, princes all.
God be wi' you, sir.
God be wi' you.
God be wi' you.
God be with my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God bless me from a challenge!
God bless thee, and put meekness in thy breast, Love, charity, obedience, and true duty.
God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
God buy you, take mine office.
God defend me from these two!
God for Thy mercy, they are loose again!
God give him joy!
God give me joy to wear it, for my heart is exceeding heavy.
God give us leisure for these rites of love!
God give your Grace good rest.
God grant him health.
God grant that some, less noble and less loyal, Nearer in bloody thoughts, and not in blood, Deserve not worse than wretched Clarence did, And yet go current from suspicion.
God grant we never may have need of you.
God has given you one face and you make yourselves another.
God hath blessed you with a good name.
God help the noble Claudio!
God help thee, shallow man.
God hold it, to your Honor’s good content!
God in heaven bless her!
God keep me from false friends, but they were none.
God keep me so.—Our heralds go with him.
God keep you from them, and from such false friends.
God keep your Ladyship still in that mind, so some gentle- man or other shall ’scape a predestinate scratched face.
God keep your Lordship in that gracious mind.
God keep your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, And she is dead, slandered to death by villains That dare as well answer a man indeed As I dare take a serpent by the tongue.— Boys, apes, braggarts, jacks, milksops!
God made him and therefore let him pass for a man.
God make incision in thee; thou art raw.
God make your Majesty joyful, as you have been.
God mark thee to his grace!
God pardon them that are the cause thereof.
God quit you in His mercy.
God rest you merry, sir.
God restore you to health!
God save the foundation!
God save the king.
God save you, sir!
God save you, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God send you joy, Petruchio.
God send you, sir, a speedy infirmity, for the better increasing your folly!
God shield I should disturb devotion!— Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye.
God speak this “amen”!
God will revenge it, whom I will importune With earnest prayers, all to that effect.
God will revenge it.
God witness with me, I have wept for thine.
God ye good e'en, fair gentlewoman.
God ye good morrow, gentlemen.
God-a-mercy, Grumio!
God, God forgive us all!
God, the best maker of all marriages, Combine your hearts in one, your realms in one.
God’s arm strike with us!
God’s benison go with you and with those That would make good of bad and friends of foes.
God’s bodykins, man, much better.
God’s bread!
God’s my life, where’s the Sexton?
God’s peace, I would not lose so great an honor As one man more, methinks, would share from me, For the best hope I have.
God’s will and His pleasure, Captain, I beseech you now, come apace to the king.
God’s will, I pray thee wish not one man more.
Godden to your Worship, good Captain James.
Gods and goddesses, All the whole synod of them!
Godspeed, fair Helena!
Goes Fleance with you?
Goes the king hence today?
Gold, silver, and base lead.
Gone she is.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Good bawcock, 'bate thy rage.
Good beauties, let me sustain no scorn.
Good cheer, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper, And look you lay it in the praetor’s chair Where Brutus may but find it.
Good Corporal Nym, show thy valor and put up your sword.
Good counsel, marry.
Good countrymen, let me depart alone.
Good dawning to thee, friend.
Good day and happiness, dear Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, receive thy daughter.
Good e'en, brother.
Good e'en, good e'en.
Good Enobarbus, ’tis a worthy deed, And shall become you well, to entreat your captain To soft and gentle speech.
Good Enobarbus, make yourself my guest Whilst you abide here.
Good Enobarbus!
Good even to my ghostly confessor.
Good faith, a little one, not past a pint, As I am a soldier.
Good faith, and when I met this holy man, The men you talk of came into my mind.
Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold In him that did object the same to thee!
Good Father, how foolish are our minds!
Good Father, I beseech you on my knees, Hear me with patience but to speak a word.
Good fool, as ever thou wilt deserve well at my hand, help me to a candle, and pen, ink, and paper.
Good fool, for my brother’s death.
Good fool, help me to some light and some paper.
Good fool, some ink, paper, and light, and convey what I will set down to my lady.
Good fortune, worthy soldier, and farewell.
Good friend, be gone.
Good friend, go to him.
Good friend, I prithee, take him in thy arms.
Good friend,” quoth he, “Say the firm Roman to great Egypt sends This treasure of an oyster, at whose foot, To mend the petty present, I will piece Her opulent throne with kingdoms.
Good friends, go in and taste some wine with me.
Good gentle one, give me modest assurance if you be the lady of the house, that I may proceed in my speech.
Good gentle youth, tempt not a desperate man.
Good gentlemen, give him a further edge, And drive his purpose on to these delights.
Good gentlemen, let me have leave to speak.
Good gentlemen, look fresh and merrily.
Good grandam, tell us, is our father dead?
Good Grumio, fetch it me.
Good guard Until their greater pleasures first be known That are to censure them.
Good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow.
Good heart, at what?
Good heaven, the souls of all my tribe defend From jealousy!
Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.
Good husband, come home presently.
Good lads, how do you both?
Good Lord for alliance!
Good Lord, how bright and goodly shines the moon!
Good Lord!
Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may.
Good love, call him back.
Good madam, be not angry with the child.
Good madam, do.
Good madam, hear me.
Good madam, keep yourself within yourself.
Good madam, let me see your face.
Good madam, patience.
Good madam, stay a while.
Good madam.
Good madonna, give me leave to prove you a fool.
Good madonna, why mournest thou?
Good majesty, Herod of Jewry dare not look upon you But when you are well pleased.
Good Margaret, run thee to the parlor.
Good Maria, let this fellow be looked to.
Good Master Fabian, grant me another request.
Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well.
Good Master Peaseblossom, I shall desire you of more acquaintance too.— Your name, I beseech you, sir?
Good master, take it not unkindly, pray, That I have been thus pleasant with you both.
Good meat, sir, is common; that every churl affords.
Good Mistress Accost, I desire better acquaintance.
Good morrow to my sovereign king and queen, And, princely peers, a happy time of day.
Good morrow to thee.
Good morrow to this fair assembly.
Good morrow to you both.
Good morrow to you both.
Good morrow to you.
Good morrow to your Worship.
Good morrow, Benedick.
Good morrow, both.
Good morrow, brother Bedford.
Good morrow, Brutus.
Good morrow, Caesar.
Good morrow, Casca.—Caius Ligarius, Caesar was ne'er so much your enemy As that same ague which hath made you lean.
Good morrow, Catesby.
Good morrow, Catesby.— You may jest on, but, by the Holy Rood, I do not like these several councils, I.
Good morrow, cousin.
Good morrow, Father.
Good morrow, friends.
Good morrow, General.
Good morrow, good Lieutenant.
Good morrow, Kate—for that’s your name, I hear.
Good morrow, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morrow, masters.
Good morrow, neighbor Baptista.
Good morrow, neighbor Gremio.—God save you, gentlemen!
Good morrow, neighbor, whither away so fast?
Good morrow, noble sir.
Good morrow, old Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Good morrow, Prince; good morrow, Claudio.
Good morrow, Richmond.
Good morrow, sweet Hero.
Good morrow, worthy Caesar.
Good my complexion, dost thou think though I am caparisoned like a man, I have a doublet and hose in my disposition?
Good my friends, consider You are my guests.
Good my liege— Peace, Kent.
Good my lord— You have been a boggler ever.
Good my lord, bid him welcome.
Good my lord, enter here.
Good my lord, enter here.
Good my lord, enter.
Good my lord, enter.
Good my lord, give me thy favor still.
Good my lord, How does your honor for this many a day?
Good my lord, If I have any grace or power to move you His present reconciliation take.
Good my lord, tell it.
Good my lord, vouchsafe me a word with you.
Good my lord, what is your cause of distemper?
Good my lord.
Good my lord.
Good my mouse of virtue, answer me.
Good my sovereign, Take up the English short, and let them know Of what a monarchy you are the head.
Good name in man and woman, dear my lord, Is the immediate jewel of their souls.
Good news, good news!
Good night then, Casca.
Good night to you.
Good night—but go not to mine uncle’s bed.
Good night, good brother.
Good night, good Captain Blunt.
Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night!
Good night, good night.
Good night, honest Iago.
Good night, lieutenant, I must to the watch.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, Penthesilea.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good Norfolk, hie thee to thy charge.
Good now, hold thy tongue.
Good now, some excellent fortune!
Good nuncle, in, and ask thy daughters blessing.
Good old knight, Collect them all together at my tent.
Good or bad news, that thou com’st in so bluntly?
Good people, enter and lay hold on him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Good repose the while!
Good Romeo, hide thyself.
Good sentences, and well pronounced.
Good shepherd, tell this youth what ’tis to love.
Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all; My wife is shrewish when I keep not hours.
Good signior, you shall more command with years Than with your weapons.
Good signors both, when shall we laugh?
Good Sir Toby!
Good sir—
Good sir, be a man, Think every bearded fellow that’s but yoked May draw with you.
Good sir, be patient.
Good sir, draw near to me.
Good sir, I do in friendship counsel you To leave this place.
Good sir, this ring was given me by my wife.
Good sir, to the purpose.
Good sirs, take heart.
Good sister, let us dine and never fret.
Good sister, wrong me not nor wrong yourself, To make a bondmaid and a slave of me.
Good sooth, even thus.
Good thou, save me a piece of marchpane, and, as thou loves me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.—Antony and Potpan!
Good time of day unto my gracious lord.
Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, In such disdainful manner me to woo.
Good Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice and desire her to rise.
Good Volumnius, Thou know’st that we two went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Good your grace, pardon me.
Good your highness, patience.
Good, good, the justice of it pleases!
Good, good.
Good, i' faith.
Good, speak to th' mariners.
Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboard.
Good!
Good.
Goodly Lord, what a wit-snapper are you!
Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter.
Gower is a good captain, and is good knowledge and literatured in the wars.
Grace go with you, sir.
Grace grow where those drops fall!
Graces will appear, and there’s an end.
Gracious England hath Lent us good Siward and ten thousand men; An older and a better soldier none That Christendom gives out.
Gracious my lord, I should report that which I say I saw, But know not how to do ’t.
Gracious Olivia— What do you say, Cesario?—Good my lord— My lord would speak.
Gramercies, Tranio, well dost thou advise.
Gramercy!
Grandam, his nurse.
Grandam, one night as we did sit at supper, My uncle Rivers talked how I did grow More than my brother: “Ay,” quoth my uncle Gloucester, “Small herbs have grace; great weeds do grow apace.” And since, methinks I would not grow so fast Because sweet flowers are slow and weeds make haste.
Grandam, this would have been a biting jest.
Grant their lawful suit.
Gratiano speaks an infinite deal of nothing, more than any man in all Venice.
Gratiano!
Grave sir, hail!
Great and increasing.
Great business must be wrought ere noon.
Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies.
Great God of heaven, say amen to all!
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony Is now a widower.
Great thing of us forgot!— Speak, Edmund, where’s the king?
Gremio, ’tis now no time to vent our love.
Grief of my son’s exile hath stopped her breath.
Grieve not that I am fall'n to this for you, For herein Fortune shows herself more kind Than is her custom.
Grieved I I had but one?
Grim death, how foul and loathsome is thine image!
Grim-visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled front; And now, instead of mounting barbèd steeds To fright the souls of fearful adversaries, He capers nimbly in a lady’s chamber To the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
Groan!
Grumio gave order how it should be done.
Grumio, my horse.
Ha, art thou bedlam?
Ha, banishment!
Ha, ha, are you honest?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha.
Ha, it may be I go under that title because I am merry.
Ha, let me see.
Ha, Portia?
Ha, what sayest thou?
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha' to thee, lad!
Had all his hairs been lives My great revenge had stomach for them all.
Had he a hand to write this, a heart and brain to breed it in?
Had he done so?
Had he his hurts before?
Had I a glass, I would.
Had I as many mouths as Hydra, such an answer would stop them all.
Had I as many sons as I have hairs, I would not wish them to a fairer death.
Had I been any god of power, I would Have sunk the sea within the earth or ere It should the good ship so have swallowed and The fraughting souls within her.
Had I before known this young man his son, I should have given him tears unto entreaties Ere he should thus have ventured.
Had I but died an hour before this chance, I had lived a blessèd time, for from this instant There’s nothing serious in mortality.
Had I great Juno’s power, The strong-winged Mercury should fetch thee up And set thee by Jove’s side.
Had I not Four or five women once that tended me?
Had I plantation of this isle, my lord— He’d sow ’t with nettle seed.
Had I your tongues and eyes, I’d use them so That heaven’s vault should crack.
Had it th' ability of life to thank you.
Had my lips that power, Thus would I wear them out.
Had not that been as proper?
Had our general Been what he knew himself, it had gone well.
Had she affections and warm youthful blood, She would be as swift in motion as a ball.
Had she been true, If heaven would make me such another world Of one entire and perfect chrysolite, I’d not have sold her for it.
Had we done so at first, we had droven them home With clouts about their heads.
Had we fought, I doubt we should have been too young for them.
Had you been as wise as bold, Young in limbs, in judgment old, Your answer had not been inscrolled.
Had you not been their father, these white flakes Did challenge pity of them.
Had you not come upon your cue, my lord, William Lord Hastings had pronounced your part— I mean your voice for crowning of the king.
Had you rather Caesar were living and die all slaves, than that Caesar were dead, to live all free men?
Had you such leisure in the time of death To gaze upon the secrets of the deep?
Hadst thou done so, The kings that have revolted, and the soldier That has this morning left thee, would have still Followed thy heels.
Hadst thou no poison mixed, no sharp-ground knife, No sudden mean of death, though ne'er so mean, But “banishèd” to kill me?—“Banishèd”!
Hail to thee, lady, and the grace of heaven, Before, behind thee, and on every hand, Enwheel thee round!
Hail to thee, thane of Glamis!
Hail to your grace.
Hail to your lordship.
Hail, brave friend!
Hail, Caesar, and my lord!
Hail, gentle sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hail, mortal.
Hail, most dear Caesar!
Hail!
Hail.
Half afeard to come.
Half-blooded fellow, yes.
Halfway down Hangs one that gathers samphire—dreadful trade!
Hamlet, thou art slain.
Hamlet.” This in obedience hath my daughter shown me, And more above, hath his solicitings, As they fell out by time, by means, and place, All given to mine ear.
Hand in hand with fairy grace Will we sing and bless this place.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him instantly.
Hang him, foul collier!
Hang him, Jack!
Hang not on my garments.
Hang out our banners on the outward walls.
Hang there, my verse, in witness of my love.
Hang thou there upon the tomb, Praising her when I am dumb.
Hang up thy mistress!
Hanging and wiving goes by destiny.
Haply a woman’s voice may do some good, When articles too nicely urged be stood on.
Haply I see a friend will save my life And pay the sum that may deliver me.
Haply in private.
Haply some poison yet doth hang on them, To make me die with a restorative.
Haply the seas and countries different With variable objects shall expel This something-settled matter in his heart, Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus From fashion of himself.
Haply when I shall wed That lord whose hand must take my plight shall carry Half my love with him, half my care and duty.
Haply your eye shall light upon some toy You have desire to purchase, and your store, I think, is not for idle markets, sir.
Happier than this— She is not bred so dull but she can learn.
Happiest of all is that her gentle spirit Commits itself to yours to be directed As from her lord, her governor, her king.
Happily he’s the second time come to them, for they say an old man is twice a child.
Happily met, my lady and my wife.
Happily met, the happier for thy son.
Happily, amen!
Happy be Theseus, our renownèd duke.
Happy indeed, as we have spent the day.
Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies, For she hath blessèd and attractive eyes.
Happy is your Grace, That can translate the stubbornness of fortune Into so quiet and so sweet a style.
Happy the parents of so fair a child.
Happy were England would this virtuous prince Take on his grave the sovereignty thereof.
Happy, in that we are not overhappy.
Hard, hard.—O filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Hark further.
Hark how our steeds for present service neigh.
Hark thee, Clitus.
Hark thee, Dardanius.
Hark ye, your Romeo will be here at night.
Hark you, Guildenstern, and you too—at each ear a hearer.
Hark you, sir.
Hark, boy!
Hark, canst thou hear me?
Hark, come hither, Tyrrel.
Hark, hark!
Hark, hark!
Hark, hark!
Hark, how these instruments summon to supper.
Hark, now I hear them.
Hark, Petruchio: she says she’ll see thee hanged first.
Hark, they roar.
Hark, Tranio!
Hark, what noise is this?
Hark!
Hark!
Hark.
Harp not on that string, madam; that is past.
Harp on it still shall I till heart-strings break.
Harpier cries, “'Tis time, ’tis time.” Round about the cauldron go, In the poisoned entrails throw.
Harry le Roy.
Has he never before sounded you in this business?
Has he, masters?
Has here writ a letter to you.
Has this fellow no feeling of his business?
Hast any philosophy in thee, shepherd?
Hast stolen it from her?
Hast thou affections?
Hast thou drunk well?
Hast thou forgot her?
Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax, who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop?
Hast thou forgot thyself?
Hast thou found my daughter?
Hast thou met with him?
Hast thou no care of me?
Hast thou no letters to me from the friar?
Hast thou not a word of joy?
Hast thou not dropped from heaven?
Hast thou slain him then?
Hast thou slain Tybalt?
Hast thou the flower there?
Hast thou the pretty worm of Nilus there, That kills and pains not?
Hast thou, spirit, Performed to point the tempest that I bade thee?
Haste me to know ’t, that I, with wings as swift As meditation or the thoughts of love, May sweep to my revenge.
Haste thee for thy life.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Grey and Rivers, Holy King Henry and thy fair son Edward, Vaughan, and all that have miscarrièd By underhand, corrupted, foul injustice, If that your moody, discontented souls Do through the clouds behold this present hour, Even for revenge mock my destruction.— This is All Souls' Day, fellow, is it not?
Hath an argosy cast away coming from Tripolis.
Hath any man seen him at the barber’s?
Hath he asked for me?
Hath he provided this music?
Hath he set bounds between their love and me?
Hath homely age th' alluring beauty took From my poor cheek?
Hath it not, boy?
Hath Leonato any son, my lord?
Hath not a Jew eyes?
Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions?
Hath not else his eye Stray’d his affection in unlawful love, A sin prevailing much in youthful men Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing?
Hath put himself from rest, And must needs taste his folly.
Hath Romeo slain himself?
Hath she forgot already that brave prince, Edward, her lord, whom I some three months since Stabbed in my angry mood at Tewkesbury?
Hath she forsook so many noble matches, Her father and her country, and her friends, To be called “whore”?
Hath she made her affection known to Benedick?
Hath the fellow any wit that told you this?
Hath there been such a time—I would fain know that— That I have positively said, “'Tis so,” When it proved otherwise?
Hath your grace ne'er a brother like you?
Have all his ventures failed?
Have an eye to Cinna.
Have at the very eye of that proverb with “A pox of the devil.”  You are the better at proverbs, by how much “A fool’s bolt is soon shot.”  You have shot over.
Have at thee, coward!
Have at you now!
Have at you with a proverb: shall I set in my staff?
Have by some surgeon, Shylock, on your charge, To stop his wounds lest he do bleed to death.
Have done thy charm, thou hateful, withered hag.
Have done, have done.
Have I caught thee?
Have I in conquest stretched mine arm so far To be afraid to tell graybeards the truth?
Have I not heard great ordnance in the field, And heaven’s artillery thunder in the skies?
Have I not heard the sea, puffed up with winds, Rage like an angry boar chafèd with sweat?
Have I not reason, beldams as you are?
Have I the aspic in my lips?
Have I thought long to see this morning’s face, And doth it give me such a sight as this?
Have I, Malvolio?
Have I, my lord?
Have mercy, Jesu!—Soft, I did but dream.
Have mind upon your health, tempt me no further.
Have more than thou showest, Speak less than thou knowest, Lend less than thou owest, Ride more than thou goest, Learn more than thou trowest, Set less than thou throwest, Leave thy drink and thy whore And keep in-a-door, And thou shalt have more Than two tens to a score.
Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
Have not you love enough to bear with me, When that rash humor which my mother gave me Makes me forgetful?
Have patience and endure.
Have patience, I beseech.
Have patience, madam.
Have patience, sir.
Have the pioneers given o'er?
Have we devils here?
Have with you.
Have you a mind to sink?
Have you a soul or sense?
Have you any commission from your lord to negotiate with my face?
Have you any further trade with us?
Have you delivered to her our decree?
Have you done yet?
Have you got leave to go to shrift today?
Have you had quiet guard?
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary?
Have you heard of no likely wars toward ’twixt the two Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you importuned him by any means?
Have you no modesty, no maiden shame, No touch of bashfulness?
Have you no more to say?
Have you no more to say?
Have you no wit, manners, nor honesty but to gabble like tinkers at this time of night?
Have you not hurt your head?
Have you not read, Roderigo, Of some such thing?
Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn, To follow me and praise my eyes and face?
Have you not set mine honor at the stake, And baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts That tyrannous heart can think?
Have you not spoken 'gainst the Duke of Cornwall aught?
Have you sent to Bottom’s house?
Have you that holy feeling in your souls To counsel me to make my peace with God, And art you yet to your own souls so blind That thou will war with God by murd'ring me?
Have you that I sent you for?
Have you the chain about you?
Have you the lion’s part written?
Have you writ down that they are none?
Having once this juice, I’ll watch Titania when she is asleep And drop the liquor of it in her eyes.
Hazard for lead?
He always loved our sister most, and with what poor judgment he hath now cast her off appears too grossly.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He attendeth here hard by To know your answer whether you’ll admit him.
He attends here in the forest on the duke your father.
He bears him like a portly gentleman, And, to say truth, Verona brags of him To be a virtuous and well-governed youth.
He bears The third part of the world, man.
He bears too great a mind.
He begins at curfew and walks till the first cock.
He bounds from the earth, as if his entrails were hairs, le cheval volant, the Pegasus, qui a les narines de feu.
He breathes, my lord.
He brings great news.
He brings me liberty.
He brings you figs.
He brushes his hat o' mornings.
He calls me “boy” and chides as he had power To beat me out of Egypt.
He calls to horse, but will I know not whither.
He calls us back.
He came to me, and I delivered it.
He came too late.
He can report, As seemeth by his plight, of the revolt The newest state.
He cannot be heard of.
He cannot be such a monster— Nor is not, sure.
He cannot by the duello avoid it.
He cannot flatter, he.
He cannot like her long.
He cannot live, I hope, and must not die Till George be packed with post-horse up to heaven.
He cannot prevail with me.
He cannot speak, my lord.
He comes to kill my heart.
He comes upon a wish.
He comes, my lord.
He could not have ’scaped sixpence a day.
He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, To scorch your face and to disfigure you.
He dares not come there for the candle.
He did appoint so.
He did ask favor.
He did bespeak a chain for me but had it not.
He did bewray his practice, and received This hurt you see striving to apprehend him.
He did command me to call timely on him.
He did comply, sir, with his dug before he sucked it.
He did in some sort, indeed, handle women, but then he was rheumatic, and talked of the Whore of Babylon.
He did me kindness, sir, drew on my side, But in conclusion put strange speech upon me.
He did not call, he’s busy in the paper.
He did receive his letters and is coming.
He did, and from my finger snatched that ring.
He did, from first to last.
He did, my gracious lord, begin that place, Which, since, succeeding ages have re-edified.
He died As one that had been studied in his death To throw away the dearest thing he owed As ’twere a careless trifle.
He dies that strikes again.
He dies!
He does hear me, And that he does I weep.
He does make our fire, Fetch in our wood, and serves in offices That profit us.—What, ho!
He does smile his face into more lines than is in the new map with the augmentation of the Indies.
He does well to commend it himself.
He does.
He doth entreat your Grace, my noble lord, To visit him tomorrow or next day.
He doth indeed show some sparks that are like wit.
He doth nothing but frown, as who should say, “An you will not have me, choose.” He hears merry tales and smiles not.
He doth, for he did bid Antonius Send word to you he would be there tomorrow.
He dreams.
He faints!—My lord, my lord!
He fears, my lord, you mean no good to him.
He fell down in the marketplace, and foamed at mouth, and was speechless.
He finished indeed his mortal act That day that made my sister thirteen years.
He followed you.
He forbids it, Being free from vainness and self-glorious pride, Giving full trophy, signal, and ostent Quite from himself, to God.
He gives you upon his knees a thousand thanks, and he esteems himself happy that he hath fall'n into the hands of one, as he thinks, the most brave, valorous, and thrice- worthy seigneur of England.
He goes before me and still dares me on.
He goes forth gallantly.
He grows worse and worse.
He had a fever when he was in Spain, And when the fit was on him, I did mark How he did shake.
He had a kind of taste.—Well, my conscience says, “Launcelot, budge not.” “Budge!” says the fiend.
He had a thousand noses, Horns whelked and waved like the enragèd sea.
He had none.
He had one yesterday.
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck.
He has a little galled me, I confess.
He has almost supped.
He has been yonder i' the sun practising behavior to his own shadow this half hour.
He has brave utensils—for so he calls them— Which when he has a house, he’ll deck withal.
He has broke my head across and has given Sir Toby a bloody coxcomb too.
He has deserved it, were it carbuncled Like holy Phoebus’ car.
He has heard that word of some great man and now applies it to a fool.
He has killed me, mother.
He has my dying voice.
He has no children.
He has no more directions in the true disciplines of the wars, look you, of the Roman disciplines, than is a puppy dog.
He hath a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper, for what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
He hath an argosy bound to Tripolis, another to the Indies.
He hath an uncle here in Messina will be very much glad of it.
He hath assembled Bocchus, the King of Libya; Archelaus, Of Cappadocia; Philadelphos, King Of Paphlagonia; the Thracian king, Adallas; King Manchus of Arabia; King of Pont; Herod of Jewry; Mithridates, King Of Comagen; Polemon and Amyntas, The Kings of Mede and Lycaonia, With a more larger list of scepters.
He hath been a courtier, he swears.
He hath been in unusual pleasure, and Sent forth great largess to your offices.
He hath been most notoriously abused.
He hath been out nine years, and away he shall again.
He hath brought many captives home to Rome Whose ransoms did the general coffers fill.
He hath commission from thy wife and me To hang Cordelia in the prison and To lay the blame upon her own despair, That she fordid herself.
He hath confessed.
He hath disgraced me and hindered me half a million, laughed at my losses, mocked at my gains, scorned my nation, thwarted my bargains, cooled my friends, heated mine enemies—and what’s his reason?
He hath done good service, lady, in these wars.
He hath every month a new sworn brother.
He hath fought today As if a god, in hate of mankind, had Destroyed in such a shape.
He hath given his empire Up to a whore; who now are levying The kings o’ th’ earth for war.
He hath honored me of late, and I have bought Golden opinions from all sorts of people, Which would be worn now in their newest gloss, Not cast aside so soon.
He hath known you but three days, and already you are no stranger.
He hath left them you And to your heirs forever—common pleasures, To walk abroad and recreate yourselves.
He hath lost his fellows And strays about to find 'em.
He hath made me a Christian.
He hath neither Latin, French, nor Italian, and you will come into the court and swear that I have a poor pennyworth in the English.
He hath no daughters, sir.
He hath no friends but who are friends for fear.
He hath not told his thought to the king?
He hath not told us of the captain yet.
He hath not touched you yet.
He hath refused it in the open court.
He hath rid his prologue like a rough colt.
He hath slept long.
He hath some meaning in his mad attire.
He hath the falling sickness.
He hath the jewel of my life in hold, His youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca, And her withholds from me and other more, Suitors to her and rivals in my love, Supposing it a thing impossible, For those defects I have before rehearsed, That ever Katherina will be wooed.
He hath twice or thrice cut Cupid’s bow-string, and the little hangman dare not shoot at him.
He hath, my lord, but be you well assured No more than he’ll unswear.
He hath, my lord, of late made many tenders Of his affection to me.
He hath, my lord.
He hath.
He himself Calls her a nonpareil.
He holds me well.
He is a craven and a villain else, an ’t please your Majesty, in my conscience.
He is a dreamer.
He is a gentleman of a good house, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is a god and knows What is most right.
He is a good one, and his worthiness Does challenge much respect.—Come, Desdemona, Once more, well met at Cyprus.
He is a proper man’s picture, but alas, who can converse with a dumb show?
He is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
He is a sick man that would speak with you.
He is a very proper man.
He is about the house.
He is addressed.
He is afeard to come.
He is all the mother’s, from the top to toe.
He is already named and gone to Scone To be invested.
He is arrived.
He is as disproportioned in his manners As in his shape.— Take with you your companions.
He is as full of valor as of kindness, Princely in both.
He is as horribly conceited of him, and pants and looks pale, as if a bear were at his heels.
He is at hand, and Pindarus is come To do you salutation from his master.
He is attended with a desperate train.
He is called Aunchient Pistol.
He is coming.
He is composed and framed of treachery, And fled he is upon this villainy.
He is descried.
He is drowned Whom thus we stray to find, and the sea mocks Our frustrate search on land.
He is drunk now.
He is enamored on Hero.
He is hid at Lawrence' cell.
He is in earnest.
He is in heaven, where thou shalt never come.
He is indeed a horse, and all other jades you may call beasts.
He is justly served.
He is knight, dubbed with unhatched rapier and on carpet consideration, but he is a devil in private brawl.
He is married?
He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio.
He is much changed.
He is my dear friend, an please you.
He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him.
He is my prisoner.
He is no less than a stuffed man.
He is not doubted.—A word, Lucillius.
He is not here, so please your lordship, that should sing it.
He is not here.
He is not lolling on a lewd love bed, But on his knees at meditation; Not dallying with a brace of courtesans, But meditating with two deep divines; Not sleeping, to engross his idle body, But praying, to enrich his watchful soul.
He is not the flower of courtesy, but, I’ll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb.
He is not very tall—yet for his years he’s tall.
He is not yet arrived.
He is now as valiant as Hercules that only tells a lie and swears it.
He is now in some commerce with my lady and will by and by depart.
He is of a very melancholy disposition.
He is of note.
He is or ta'en or slain.
He is ready at the door.
He is returned.
He is sad and civil And suits well for a servant with my fortunes.
He is simply the most active gentleman of France.
He is slain.
He is sure possessed, madam.
He is the brooch indeed And gem of all the nation.
He is the general challenger.
He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio.
He is then a giant to an ape; but then is an ape a doctor to such a man.
He is too disputable for my company.
He is unqualitied with very shame.
He is very busy about it.
He is very near by this.
He is very well-favored, and he speaks very shrewishly.
He is welcome hither.
He is welcome too.
He is well paid that is well satisfied.
He is wise, And, on my life, hath stol'n him home to bed.
He is, indeed, sir, the most skillful, bloody, and fatal opposite that you could possibly have found in any part of Illyria.
He is, my lord, and safe in Leicester town, Whither, if it please you, we may now withdraw us.
He is.
He kills her in her own humor.
He knows I know him well.
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo— By the bad voice.
He knows not the stop.
He knows not what he says, and vain it is That we present us to him.
He knows not yet of his honorable fortune.
He knows that you embrace not Antony As you did love, but as you feared him.
He lays it on.
He leads himself.
He left behind him myself and a sister, both born in an hour.
He left this ring behind him, Would I or not.
He lies not like the living.
He lies to th' heart.
He lies tonight within seven leagues of Rome.
He lives that loves thee better than he could.
He longs not for the dawning as we do.
He longs to eat the English.
He longs to see your head.
He looks gentler than he did.
He loves me well, and I have given him reasons.
He made you for a highway to my bed, But I, a maid, die maiden-widowèd.
He married but his occasion here.
He may command me as my sovereign, But you have power in me as in a kinsman.
He may recover yet.
He may show what outward courage he will, but I believe, as cold a night as ’tis, he could wish himself in Thames up to the neck; and so I would he were, and I by him, at all adventures, so we were quit here.
He may win, And what is music then?
He meant he did me none; the more my spite.
He might have chid me so, for, in good faith, I am a child to chiding.
He misses not much.
He named Sebastian.
He needs as many, sir, as Caesar has, Or needs not us.
He needs not.
He never did harm that I heard of.
He no more shall see my face.
He only in a general honest thought And common good to all, made one of them.
He only lived but till he was a man, The which no sooner had his prowess confirmed In the unshrinking station where he fought, But like a man he died.
He passes some humors and careers.
He plies the duke at morning and at night, And doth impeach the freedom of the state If they deny him justice.
He prays you to save his life.
He raised the house with loud and coward cries.
He ran this way and leapt this orchard wall.
He received them Of him that brought them.
He replied, “Thou unpossessing bastard!
He said mine eyes were black and my hair black And, now I am remembered, scorned at me.
He said once the devil would have him about women.
He said the truth.
He saves my labor by his own approach.
He says for Brutus' sake He finds himself beholding to us all.
He says he’ll come.
He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name’s Poor Tom.
He says so, Tranio?
He says so.
He says they can do nothing in this kind.
He says, my lord, your daughter is not well.
He seeks my life.
He seems to have a foreknowledge of that too, and therefore comes to speak with you.
He sees thee not.
He sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with Laertes, or that you will take longer time.
He sent me word if I said his beard was not cut well, he was in the mind it was.
He shall do this, or else I do recant The pardon that I late pronouncèd here.
He shall enlarge him.
He shall have merely justice and his bond.
He shall have nothing but the penalty.
He shall in time be ready.
He shall kill two of us, and men indeed, But that’s no matter.
He shall live a man forbid.
He shall not go to prison.
He shall not live.
He shall pay for him that hath him, and that soundly.
He shall see none to fear.
He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes 'bove wisdom, grace, and fear.
He shall stay my leisure.
He shall taste of my bottle.
He shall tell them so.
He shall think, by the letters that thou wilt drop, that they come from my niece, and that she’s in love with him.
He should, for that, commit your godfathers.
He sings at grave- making.
He smiled and said “The better for our purpose.” He was in the right, and so indeed it is.
He sought my life, But lately, very late.
He speaks home, madam.
He speaks not true.
He speaks nothing but madman.
He speaks to me.—I am your master, Dromio.
He speaks well.
He started one poor heart of mine in thee.
He stays upon your will.
He supped at my house, but I therefore shake not.
He sups tonight with a harlotry, and thither will I go to him.
He swore he would never marry, and yet now, in despite of his heart, he eats his meat without grudging.
He takes on him to understand so much, and therefore comes to speak with you.
He taught me how to know a man in love, in which cage of rushes I am sure you are not prisoner.
He tells me flatly there is no mercy for me in heaven because I am a Jew’s daughter, and he says you are no good member of the commonwealth, for in converting Jews to Christians you raise the price of pork.
He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found The head and source of all your son’s distemper.
He that commends me to mine own content Commends me to the thing I cannot get.
He that conceals him, death.
He that has a house to put ’s head in has a good headpiece.
He that has the two fair daughters—is ’t he you mean?
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round”— I pray you, tell me what you meant by that.
He that is robbed, not wanting what is stol'n, Let him not know’t, and he’s not robbed at all.
He that keeps nor crust nor crumb,  Weary of all, shall want some.
He that knows better how to tame a shrew, Now let him speak; ’tis charity to show.
He that parts us shall bring a brand from heaven And fire us hence like foxes.
He that plays the king shall be welcome.
He that shall see this day, and live old age, Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbors And say, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.” Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars, And say, “These wounds I had on Crispin’s day.”
He that stirs next to carve for his own rage Holds his soul light, he dies upon his motion.
He that sweetest rose will find Must find love’s prick, and Rosalind.
He that will think to live till he be old, Give me some help!
He therefore sends you, meeter for your spirit, This tun of treasure, and, in lieu of this, Desires you let the dukedoms that you claim Hear no more of you.
He thinks he still is at his instrument.
He thinks, being twenty times of better fortune, He is twenty men to one.
He threw his eye aside— And mark what object did present itself: Under an old oak, whose boughs were mossed with age And high top bald with dry antiquity, A wretched, ragged man, o'ergrown with hair, Lay sleeping on his back.
He uses his folly like a stalking-horse, and under the presentation of that he shoots his wit.
He was a bachelor then.
He was a goodly king.
He was a man.
He was but a fool that brought My answer back.
He was disposed to mirth, but on the sudden A Roman thought hath struck him.—Enobarbus!
He was furnished like a hunter.
He was my friend, faithful and just to me.
He was not born to shame.
He was not merry, Which seemed to tell them his remembrance lay In Egypt with his joy, but between both.
He was not sad, for he would shine on those That make their looks by his.
He was not three leagues off when I left him.
He was quick mettle when he went to school.
He was the wretched’st thing when he was young, So long a-growing and so leisurely, That if this rule were true, he should be gracious.
He was wont to call me usurer; let him look to his bond.
He was wont to lend money for a Christian courtesy; let him look to his bond.
He waxes desperate with imagination.
He were a brave monster indeed, if they were set in his tail.
He were an excellent man that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick.
He were no lion were not Romans hinds.
he whom next thyself Of all the world I loved and to him put The manage of my state, as at that time Through all the signories it was the first, And Prospero the prime duke, being so reputed In dignity, and for the liberal arts Without a parallel.
He will bear you easily and reins well.
He will come straight.
He will do all in all as Hastings doth.
He will find it comes from a clodpole.
He will keep that good name still.
He will not fight with me, Domitius?
He will not know what all but he do know.
He will not say so.
He will to his Egyptian dish again.
He will, an if he live to be a man.
He wonders to what end you have assembled Such troops of citizens to come to him, His grace not being warned thereof before.
He wore his beaver up.
He would be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He would make but a sport of it and torment the poor lady worse.
He would not have spoke such a word.
He would not take the crown.
He would not?
He, for his father’s sake, so loves the prince That he will not be won to aught against him.
He, he, ’tis he.
He, of all the men that ever my foolish eyes looked upon, was the best deserving a fair lady.
He, sir, that must marry this woman.
He, sir.
He, that Caliban Whom now I keep in service.
He, upon some action, Is now in durance at Malvolio’s suit, A gentleman and follower of my lady’s.
He, when he hears of her, cannot refrain From the excess of laughter.
He, woman.
He.
He’ll be hanged yet, though every drop of water swear against it and gape at widest to glut him.
He’ll but break a comparison or two on me, which, peradventure not marked or not laughed at, strikes him into melancholy, and then there’s a partridge wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper that night.
He’ll fright you up, i' faith.
He’ll make a proper man.
He’ll make your Paris Louvre shake for it, Were it the mistress court of mighty Europe.
He’ll never yield to that.
He’ll say ’twas done cowardly, when he wakes.
He’ll speak with you, will you or no.
He’ll watch the horologe a double set If drink rock not his cradle.
He’s a conspirator.
He’s a coward and a coistrel that will not drink to my niece till his brains turn o' th' toe like a parish top.
He’s a friend of the Duke Alençon’s.
He’s a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He’s a traitor.
He’s a very fool and a prodigal.
He’s almost slain, and Roderigo dead.
He’s as good at anything and yet a fool.
He’s as tall a man as any ’s in Illyria.
He’s bound unto Octavia.
He’s coming hither—now, i' th' night, i' th' haste, And Regan with him.
He’s coming, madam; but in very strange manner.
He’s coming, madam.
He’s dead and rotten.
He’s dead.
He’s fat, and scant of breath.— Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub thy brows.
He’s fortified against any denial.
He’s friends with Caesar, In state of health, thou say’st, and, thou say’st, free.
He’s gone, but his wife’s killed.
He’s gone.
He’s in Arthur’s bosom, if ever man went to Arthur’s bosom.
He’s in his fit now and does not talk after the wisest.
He’s in yellow stockings.
He’s married to Octavia.
He’s married, madam.
He’s married.
He’s no standard.
He’s not thy kinsman.
He’s now in Florence.
He’s of the color of the nutmeg.
He’s safe for these three hours.
He’s speaking now, Or murmuring “Where’s my serpent of old Nile?” For so he calls me.
He’s that he is.
He’s worth more sorrow, And that I’ll spend for him.
He’s worth no more.
Hear a little further And then I’ll bring thee to the present business Which now ’s upon ’s, without the which this story Were most impertinent.
Hear Antony.
Hear his speech but say thou nought.
Hear it apart.
Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven or to hell.
Hear me a word, For I shall never speak to thee again.
Hear me for my cause, and be silent that you may hear.
Hear me with patience.
Hear me yet, good Shylock.
Hear me, Beatrice— Talk with a man out at a window!
Hear me, for I will speak.
Hear me, good brother— Under your pardon.
Hear me, good friends—
Hear me, good madam.
Hear me, hear me what I say: he that strikes the first stroke, I’ll run him up to the hilts, as I am a soldier.
Hear me, my lord.
Hear me, Queen: The strong necessity of time commands Our services awhile, but my full heart Remains in use with you.
Hear me, recreant!
Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall out In sharing that which you have pilled from me!
Hear my excuse.
Hear my soul speak.
Hear the ambassadors.
Hear the noble Antony.
Hear the shrill whistle, which doth order give To sounds confused.
Hear you aught of her in yours?
Hear you the news abroad?
Hear you, my lords—     We have some haste, Leonato.
Hear you, sir?
Hear, Nature, hear, dear goddess, hear!
Heard you of nothing strange about the streets?
Heard you this, Gonzalo?
Heart, once be stronger than thy continent.
Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets, cannot Think, speak, cast, write, sing, number—hoo!— His love to Antony.
Hearty thanks.
Heaven and earth!
Heaven and thy thoughts are witness that thou art.
Heaven and yourself Had part in this fair maid.
Heaven doth truly know it.
Heaven keep the monster from Othello’s mind!
Heaven knows what she has known.
Heaven make thee free of it.
Heaven me such uses send, Not to pick bad from bad, but by bad mend!
Heaven preserve you!
Heaven rest them now.
Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell.
Heaven would that she these gifts should have And I to live and die her slave.
Heavenly powers, restore him!
Heavens keep him from these beasts!
Heavens make our presence and our practices Pleasant and helpful to him!
Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a fray!
Heavens thank you for ’t!
Heavens, I am the best of them that speak this speech, Were I but where ’tis spoken.
Heigh-ho.
Helen, it is not so.
Helen, to you our minds we will unfold.
Helena, adieu.
Help me hence, ho!
Help me into some house, Benvolio, Or I shall faint.
Help me, help me!
Help me, my women!
Help to bear this away where my hogshead of wine is, or I’ll turn you out of my kingdom.
Help to dress me, good coz, good Meg, good Ursula.
Help, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, O, help!
Help, ho, help!
Help, ho!
Help!
Hem them away.
Hence “banishèd” is banished from the world, And world’s exile is death.
Hence his ambition growing— Dost thou hear?
Hence will I to my ghostly friar’s close cell, His help to crave and my dear hap to tell.
Hence with your little ones.
Hence, and avoid my sight!— So be my grave my peace as here I give Her father’s heart from her.—Call France.
Hence, and stand aloof.
Hence, away!
Hence, be gone, away!
Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more.
Hence, horrible shadow!
Hence, horrible villain, or I’ll spurn thine eyes Like balls before me!
Hence, Lest that th' infection of his fortune take Like hold on thee.
Hence, make your best of it.
Hence, Mardian, And bring me how he takes my death.
Hence, prating peasant!
Hence, saucy eunuch!
Hence!
Hence!
Hence!
Hence!
Hence.
Hence.
Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
Henceforth I’ll bear Affliction till it do cry out itself, “Enough, enough,” and die.
Henceforward do your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, in infant bands crowned king Of France and England, did this king succeed, Whose state so many had the managing That they lost France and made his England bleed, Which oft our stage hath shown.
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.
Her blush is guiltiness, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in Capels' monument, And her immortal part with angels lives.
Her dotage now I do begin to pity.
Her eye discourses.
Her eye in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night.
Her eyes are fierce, but thine Do comfort and not burn.
Her fallow leas The darnel, hemlock, and rank fumitory Doth root upon, while that the coulter rusts That should deracinate such savagery.
Her father is Baptista Minola, An affable and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me, oft invited me, Still questioned me the story of my life From year to year, the battles, sieges, fortunes, That I have passed.
Her father’s brother Would be her lord?
Her hair, what color?
Her head’s declined, and death will seize her but Your comfort makes the rescue.
Her hedges, even-pleached, Like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair, Put forth disordered twigs.
Her husband, knave.
Her husband, sirrah?
Her length of sickness, with what else more serious Importeth thee to know, this bears.
Her lord is come.
Her love to both Would each to other and all loves to both Draw after her.
Her mother hath many times told me so.
Her name is Katherina Minola, Renowned in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Her name is Margery, indeed.
Her name is Portia, nothing undervalued To Cato’s daughter, Brutus' Portia.
Her name, that was as fresh As Dian’s visage, is now begrimed and black As mine own face.
Her only fault, and that is faults enough, Is that she is intolerable curst, And shrewd and froward, so beyond all measure That, were my state far worser than it is, I would not wed her for a mine of gold.
Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it.
Her vine, the merry cheerer of the heart, Unprunèd, dies.
Her waspish-headed son has broke his arrows, Swears he will shoot no more, but play with sparrows And be a boy right out.
Her worth being mounted on the wind, Through all the world bears Rosalind.
Herald, save thou thy labor.
Here all eyes gaze on us.
Here are enemies.
Here at the door.
Here at your service.
Here Catesby comes again.
Here cease more questions.
Here come the lovers, full of joy and mirth.— Joy, gentle friends!
Here come the officers.
Here come two noble beasts in, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ancient Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another of the tribe.
Here comes another troop to seek for you.
Here comes Antony.
Here comes Baptista.
Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no hand in his death, shall receive the benefit of his dying—a place in the commonwealth—as which of you shall not?
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my messenger.—How now, mad spirit?
Here comes my noble gull-catcher.
Here comes newer comfort.
Here comes Oberon.
Here comes one o' the parings.
Here comes one.
Here comes other reck'nings.
Here comes Sir Oliver.—Sir Oliver Martext, you are well met.
Here comes Sir Toby halting.
Here comes the count.
Here comes the Countess.
Here comes the Emperor.
Here comes the fool, i' faith.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, The queen, the courtiers—who is this they follow, And with such maimèd rites?
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain.
Here comes the man you mean.
Here comes the man, sir, that did rescue me.
Here comes the noble Antony.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio hastily.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Here comes Thisbe.
Here comes two of the banished duke’s pages.
Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
Here do I choose, and thrive I as I may!
Here do you keep a hundred knights and squires, Men so disordered, so debauched and bold That this our court, infected with their manners, Shows like a riotous inn.
Here he comes with your niece.
Here he comes, and the Scots captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here I am Antony, Yet cannot hold this visible shape, my knave.
Here I am.
Here I am.
Here I kneel: If e'er my will did trespass 'gainst his love, Either in discourse of thought or actual deed, Or that mine eyes, mine ears, or any sense, Delighted them, or any other form, Or that I do not yet, and ever did,
Here I stand, your slave— A poor, infirm, weak, and despised old man.
Here I’ll sit i' th' midst.
Here in the tent.
Here in these confines slyly have I lurked To watch the waning of mine enemies.
Here is a friar that trembles, sighs and weeps.
Here is a place reserved, sir.
Here is a rural fellow That will not be denied your Highness’ presence.
Here is a wonder, if you talk of a wonder.
Here is better than the open air.
Here is everything advantageous to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here is more news.
Here is more of us.
Here is my bed.
Here is my journey’s end, here is my butt, And very sea-mark of my utmost sail.
Here is the cap your Worship did bespeak.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor, The dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here is the man.
Here is the money.
Here is the number of the slaughtered French.
Here is the place, my lord.
Here is thy fee.
Here is yet a postscript.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Here lay Duncan, His silver skin laced with his golden blood, And his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature For ruin’s wasteful entrance; there, the murderers, Steeped in the colors of their trade, their daggers Unmannerly breeched with gore.
Here let them lie Till famine and the ague eat them up.
Here lie I down and measure out my grave.
Here lies the county slain, And Juliet bleeding, warm and newly dead, Who here hath lain these two days buried.— Go, tell the Prince.
Here lies the east.
Here lies your way.
Here love, thou seest how diligent I am, To dress thy meat myself and bring it thee.
Here on her breast There is a vent of blood, and something blown.
Here she comes, cursed and sad.
Here the street is narrow.
Here therefore for a while I will remain.
Here they’ll be, man.
Here thought they to have done Some wanton charm upon this man and maid, Whose vows are that no bed-right shall be paid Till Hymen’s torch be lighted—but in vain.
Here was a Caesar!
Here was he merry, hearing of a song.
Here we.
Here were the servants of your adversary, And yours, close fighting ere I did approach.
Here will I rest me till the break of day.
Here will we sit and let the sounds of music Creep in our ears.
Here you may roast your goose.
Here, at thy hand.
Here, catch this casket.
Here, Fluellen, wear thou this favor for me and stick it in thy cap.
Here, here comes Master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too.
Here, here will I remain With worms that are thy chamber maids.
Here, here, sir!
Here, here!
Here, kiss the book.
Here, madam, at your service.
Here, madam:     Conster them.
Here, madam.
Here, master.
Here, mighty Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here, Peter Quince.
Here, Signior Tranio, This bird you aimed at, though you hit her not.— Therefore a health to all that shot and missed.
Here, sir, a ring she bid me give you, sir.
Here, sir, as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir, but trouble him not.
Here, sir!
Here, sir!” You loggerheaded and unpolished grooms!
Here, sirrah Grumio.
Here, stand behind this bulk, straight will he come.
Here, sweet lord, at your service.
Here, take away this dish.
Here, thou incestuous, murderous, damnèd Dane, Drink off this potion.
Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest— For Brutus is an honorable man; So are they all, all honorable men— Come I to speak in Caesar’s funeral.
Here, wear this jewel for me.
Here.
Here.
Here’s a change indeed!
Here’s a good world the while.
Here’s a madman will murder me.
Here’s a maze trod indeed Through forthrights and meanders.
Here’s a night pities neither wise man nor fool.
Here’s a spirit.
Here’s another More potent than the first.
Here’s Cassio hurt by villains.
Here’s Decius Brutus.
Here’s drink.
Here’s France and Burgundy, my noble lord.
Here’s goodly gear.
Here’s his dry hand up and down.
Here’s Lucentio, right son to the right Vincentio, That have by marriage made thy daughter mine While counterfeit supposes bleared thine eyne.
Here’s metal more attractive.
Here’s more news.
Here’s neither bush nor shrub to bear off any weather at all.
Here’s no knavery!
Here’s one comes in his shirt, with light and weapons.
Here’s one, a friend, and one that knows you well.
Here’s our chief guest.
Here’s our own hands against our hearts.
Here’s packing, with a witness, to deceive us all!
Here’s Romeo’s man.
Here’s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash, Like to a censer in a barber’s shop.
Here’s sport indeed!
Here’s such a coil.
Here’s that shall drive some of them to a noncome.
Here’s that, I warrant you, will pay them all.
Here’s the friar ready.
Here’s the manner of ’t: I’ th’ marketplace, on a tribunal silvered, Cleopatra and himself in chairs of gold Were publicly enthroned.
Here’s the place.
Here’s the smell of the blood still.
Here’s to Caesar.
Here’s to thee, Menas!
Here’s to thy health.
Here’s too much “out upon thee!” I pray thee, let me in.
Here’s yet some liquor left.
Hereafter, in a better world than this, I shall desire more love and knowledge of you.
Herein I see thou lov’st me not with the full weight that I love thee.
Hero itself can blot out Hero’s virtue.
Hero that is dead!
Hero thinks surely she will die, for she says she will die if he love her not, and she will die ere she make her love known, and she will die if he woo her rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crossness.
Hers you are.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Hid’st thou that forehead with a golden crown Where should be branded, if that right were right, The slaughter of the prince that owed that crown And the dire death of my poor sons and brothers?
Hide it in smiles and affability.
Hie thee, gentle Jew.
Hie thee, slave.
Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night.
Hie to high fortune!
Hie to your chamber.
Hie you to church.
Hie you to horse.
Hie you to the cell.
Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late.
Hie you, Messala, And I will seek for Pindarus the while.
Hie, make haste, Make haste.
Highest queen of state, Great Juno, comes.
Hillo, ho, ho, boy.
Him and his worth and our great need of him You have right well conceited.
Himself in person there?
Himself.
His absence, sir, Lays blame upon his promise.
His affections do not that way tend.
His answer was, the people were not used To be spoke to but by the recorder.
His backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract.
His bark is stoutly timbered and his pilot Of very expert and approved allowance Therefore my hopes, not surfeited to death, Stand in bold cure.
His beard was grizzled, no?
His better doth not breathe upon the earth.
His breeding, sir, hath been at my charge.
His captain’s heart, Which in the scuffles of great fights hath burst The buckles on his breast, reneges all temper And is become the bellows and the fan To cool a gypsy’s lust.
His ceremonies laid by, in his nakedness he appears but a man, and though his affections are higher mounted than ours, yet when they stoop, they stoop with the like wing.
His company must do his minions grace, Whilst I at home starve for a merry look.
His counsel now might do me golden service.
His countenance likes me not.
His coward lips did from their color fly, And that same eye whose bend doth awe the world Did lose his luster.
His daughter and I will be king and queen—save our graces!—and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys.—Dost thou like the plot, Trinculo?
His daughter is to be brought by you to the supper.
His daughters seek his death.
His death’s upon him, but not dead.
His discretion, I am sure, cannot carry his valor, for the goose carries not the fox.
His dishonesty appears in leaving his friend here in necessity and denying him.
His employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less.
His excellence did earn it, ere he had it.
His eyes are humbler than they used to be.
His eyes are red as fire with weeping.
His eyes were green as leeks.
His eyes were set at eight i' the morning.
His father was called Philip of Macedon, as I take it.
His father, though I say ’t, is an honest exceeding poor man and, God be thanked, well to live.
His fault concludes but what the law should end, The life of Tybalt.
His fault is much, and the good king his master Will check him for ’t.
His flight was madness.
His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine.
His forward voice now is to speak well of his friend.
His glory not extenuated wherein he was worthy, nor his offenses enforced for which he suffered death.
His grace hath made the match, and all grace say “Amen” to it.
His grace looks cheerfully and smooth this morning.
His grace speaks cheerfully.
His highness is not well.
His Honor and myself are at the one, And at the other is my good friend Catesby, Where nothing can proceed that toucheth us Whereof I shall not have intelligence.
His horse is slain, and all on foot he fights, Seeking for Richmond in the throat of death.
His hour is almost past.
His indignation derives itself out of a very competent injury.
His knights grow riotous, and himself upbraids us On every trifle.
His lecture will be done ere you have tuned.
His leg is but so-so—and yet ’tis well.
His letter there Will show you his estate.
His life I gave him and did thereto add My love, without retention or restraint, All his in dedication.
His life was gentle, and the elements So mixed in him that Nature might stand up And say to all the world, “This was a man.” According to his virtue let us use him, With all respect and rites of burial.
His majesty, Tend'ring my person’s safety, hath appointed This conduct to convey me to the Tower.
His name is Balthazar.
His name, my lord, is Tyrrel.
His name!
His name’s Cinna.
His neigh is like the bidding of a monarch, and his countenance enforces homage.
His nurse?
His own unkindness That stripped her from his benediction turned her To foreign casualties, gave her dear rights To his dog-hearted daughters.
His passport shall be made, And crowns for convoy put into his purse.
His present and your pains we thank you for.
His reared arm Crested the world.
His reason well I know.
His roguish madness Allows itself to any thing.
His royal grace, Whom God preserve better than you would wish, Cannot be quiet scarce a breathing while But you must trouble him with lewd complaints.
His soldiership Is twice the other twain.
His son is elder, sir.
His son is thirty.
His son was but a ward two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits hear me And yet I needs must curse.
His taints and honors Waged equal with him.
His very genius hath taken the infection of the device, man.
His very opinion in the letter!
His wits are gone.
His word is more than the miraculous harp.
His word might bear my wealth at any time.
His words were, “Farewell, mistress.” Nothing else.
Ho, ho, ho!
Ho, let the door be locked.
Ho, now you strike like the blind man.
Ho, open the door.
Hob, nob, is his word.
Hold him in safety till the Prince come hither.
Hold little faith, though thou hast too much fear.
Hold off the earth awhile Till I have caught her once more in mine arms.
Hold off thy hand.
Hold off your hands.
Hold then my sword and turn away thy face While I do run upon it.
Hold you content.
Hold you still.
Hold you the watch tonight?
Hold you, there is a groat to heal your pate.
Hold, for shame!
Hold, for your lives!
Hold, ho!
Hold, hold, my heart, And you, my sinews, grow not instant old, But bear me stiffly up.
Hold, my hand.
Hold, or cut bowstrings.
Hold, sir, for God’s sake!
Hold, sir, here’s my purse.
Hold, sir, or I’ll throw your dagger o'er the house.
Hold, take my sword.
Hold, take these keys, and fetch more spices, Nurse.
Hold, take thou that and that.
Hold, then.
Hold, there is forty ducats.
Hold, there’s expenses for thee.
Hold, there’s half my coffer.
Hold, Toby!
Hold, worthy lady, hold!
Hold!
Holds it true, sir, that the Duke of Cornwall was so slain?
Holla!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here!
Home, you idle creatures get you home!
Honest Iago Hath ta'en order for ’t.
Honest Nurse, farewell.
Honest, ay, honest.
Honest, my lord?
Honest, my lord?
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hood my unmanned blood bating in my cheeks, With thy black mantle, till strange love, grow bold, Think true love acted simple modesty.
Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes.
Hope I may choose, sir.
Hoppedance cries in Tom’s belly for two white herring.
Horatio says ’tis but our fantasy And will not let belief take hold of him Touching this dreaded sight twice seen of us.
Horatio, thou art e'en as just a man As e'er my conversation coped withal.
Horn mad, thou villain!
Horns?
Horrible sight!
Horrible steep.
Horses are tied by the heads, dogs and bears by the neck, monkeys by the loins, and men by the legs.
Hortensio, hark.
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, peace.
Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
Hot, hot, and moist.
Hound or spaniel, brach or him,  Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail—  Tom will make them weep and wail.
Hover about her; say that right for right Hath dimmed your infant morn to agèd night.
How 'gree you now?
How “seventh cause”?—Good my lord, like this fellow.
How “strangely”?
How “wear the garland”?
how am I beset!— What kind of catechizing call you this?
How am I false?
How am I then a villain To counsel Cassio to this parallel course, Directly to his good?
How answer you for yourselves?
How answer you that?
How appears the fight?
How are they escoted?
How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath?
How beauteous mankind is!
How but well, sir?
How came he mad?
How came her eyes so bright?
How came she by that light?
How came these things to pass?
How came we ashore?
How came you thus recovered?
How came you to this?
How came you, Cassio, by that handkerchief That was my wife’s?
How can it be?
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
How can that be, when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in Denmark?
How can that be?
How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith to prove them true?
How can this be?
How canst thou cross this marriage?
How canst thou make me satisfaction?
How canst thou thus for shame, Titania, Knowing I know thy love to Theseus?
How canst thou try them so?
How canst thou urge God’s dreadful law to us When thou hast broke it in such dear degree?
How canst thou woo her?
How chance the king comes with so small a train?
How chance the roses there do fade so fast?
How chance thou art returned so soon?
How chances it they travel?
How cheerest thou, Jessica?
How comes it now, my husband, O, how comes it That thou art thus estranged from thyself?
How comes it?
How comes that?
How comes this trick upon him?
How did you find the quarrel on the seventh cause?
How died my master, Strato?
How do you all at Verona?
How do you mean, removing of him?
How do you, Cassio?—Oh, a chair, a chair!
How do you, madam?
How do you, Malvolio?
How do you, pretty lady?
How do you, sir?
How do you, women?
How does Hamlet?
How does he love me?
How does lieutenant Cassio?
How does my bounteous sister?
How does my good Lord Hamlet?
How does my old acquaintance of this isle?— Honey, you shall be well desired in Cyprus, I have found great love amongst them.
How does my royal lord?
How does my wife?
How does the queen?
How does thy honor?
How dost thou and thy master agree?
How dost thou feel thyself now?
How dost thou like the Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How dost thou, Benedick, the married man?
How dost thou, Charles?
How dost thou, Guildenstern?
How dost thou, my good fellow?
How dost thou?
How dost, my lord?
How doth my lady?
How doth the lady?
How doth the prince?
How durst you, villains, bring it from the dresser And serve it thus to me that love it not?
How easy is it, then!
How far into the morning is it, lords?
How far that little candle throws his beams!
How far’st thou, soldier?
How fares my gracious sir?
How fares my Juliet?
How fares my lord?
How fares my noble lord?
How fares our cousin Hamlet?
How fares our cousin, noble Lord of York?
How fares your grace?
How fares your majesty?
How fearful And dizzy ’tis to cast one’s eyes so low!
How fine my master is!
How fondly dost thou reason!
How foolish do your fears seem now, Calphurnia!
How goes ’t?
How goes it here?
How goes it now?
How goes it with my brave Mark Antony?
How goes the night, boy?
How goes the world with thee?
How goes the world, sir, now?
How green!
How hast thou lost thy breath?
How hast thou offended?
How hast thou the heart, Being a divine, a ghostly confessor, A sin-absolver, and my friend professed, To mangle me with that word “banishèd”?
How hath your lordship brooked imprisonment?
How have I been behaved that he might stick The small’st opinion on my least misuse?
How have I offended?
How have the hours racked and tortured me Since I have lost thee!
How have you known the miseries of your father?
How have you made division of yourself?
How have you slept, my lord?
How heavy weighs my lord!
How I dote on thee!
How I have thought of this and of these times I shall recount hereafter.
How idly do they talk!
How if fair and foolish?
How if he will not stand?
How if I answer “No”?
How if the kiss be denied?
How if they will not?
How if your husband start some otherwhere?
How intend you, “practiced”?
How is ’t with me when every noise appals me?
How is ’t with you, my most fair Bianca?
How is ’t with you?
How is ’t, brother!
How is ’t, Laertes?
How is ’t, my noble lord?
How is ’t?
How is it else the “man i' th' moon”?
How is it with her?
How is it, general?
How is the man esteemed here in the city?
How is’t with you, sir?
How know you he loves her?
How like you the young German, the Duke of Saxony’s nephew?
How likes Gremio these quick-witted folks?
How long hath he been there?
How long hath she been thus?
How long hath this possession held the man?
How long have you been a sectary astronomical?
How long within this wood intend you stay?
How looked he?
How lost you company?
How low am I, thou painted maypole?
How low am I?
How lush and lusty the grass looks!
How malicious is my fortune, that I must repent to be just!
How many cowards whose hearts are all as false As stairs of sand wear yet upon their chins The beards of Hercules and frowning Mars, Who, inward searched, have livers white as milk, And these assume but valor’s excrement To render them redoubted.
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy!
How many gentlemen have you lost in this action?
How many goodly creatures are there here!
How many months Do you desire?
How many then should cover that stand bare!
How many things by season seasoned are To their right praise and true perfection!
How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport, That now on Pompey’s basis lies along No worthier than the dust!
How many, as you guess?
How may that be?
How may the Duke be therewith satisfied, Whose messengers are here about my side Upon some present business of the state To bring me to him?
How may we try it further?
How much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping!
How much I had to do to calm his rage!
How much low peasantry would then be gleaned From the true seed of honor!
How much more elder art thou than thy looks!
How much unlike art thou Mark Antony!
How now shall this be compassed?
How now, brother Edmund?
How now, Captain Macmorris, have you quit the mines?
How now, Cassio!
How now, cousin Hero!
How now, daughter and cousin?
How now, daughter?
How now, fellow?
How now, Fluellen, cam’st thou from the bridge?
How now, friend Eros!
How now, general?
How now, gentleman?
How now, Grumio?
How now, Horatio?
How now, how now?
How now, interjections?
How now, lady?
How now, Lord Stanley, what’s the news?
How now, Lorenzo?
How now, Malvolio!
How now, Malvolio?
How now, masters?
How now, mistress?
How now, my dear Othello?
How now, my friend, why dost thou look so pale?
How now, my hearts!
How now, my lord!
How now, my lord!
How now, my lord?
How now, my love?
How now, my metal of India?
How now, my noble friend?
How now, my pretty knave?
How now, my sweet Bianca!
How now, old lad?
How now, Oswald?
How now, Roderigo!
How now, Roderigo!
How now, Shylock?
How now, Sir Toby Belch!
How now, sir?
How now, sir?
How now, sirrah!
How now, spirit?
How now, Tubal?
How now, what news?
How now, what’s the matter?
How now, who calls?
How now, worthy soldier?
How now, you dog?
How now, you secret, black, and midnight hags?
How now!
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How now?
How oddly he is suited!
How oddly thou repliest!
How oft tonight Have my old feet stumbled at graves!—Who’s there?
How old are you, friend?
How old art thou?
How otherwise?— Will you be ruled by me?
How parted he with thee?
How poor are they that have not patience!
How prove you that in the great heap of your knowledge?
How quickly the wrong side may be turned outward!
How satisfied, my lord?
How say you by the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
How say you by this change?
How say you now?
How say you now?
How say you to that, Malvolio?
How say you, Cassio?
How say you, lady?
How say you, Signior Gremio?
How say you, sir?
How say you, then?
How shall I answer you?
How shall I know thee again?
How shall that faith return again to earth, Unless that husband send it me from heaven By leaving earth?
How shall we beguile The lazy time if not with some delight?
How shall we find the concord of this discord?
How shall we then behold their natural tears?
How shall we try it?
How shalt thou hope for mercy, rendering none?
How should that be?
How should they, when that wise men have no eyes?
How silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night, Like softest music to attending ears!
How smooth and even they do bear themselves, As if allegiance in their bosoms sat Crownèd with faith and constant loyalty.
How sound is she asleep!
How sweet is love itself possessed When but love’s shadows are so rich in joy!
How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank!
How tartly that gentleman looks!
How that might change his nature, there’s the question.
How the moon sleeps with Endymion And would not be awaked.
How then, sick?
How think you of it?
How vexest thou this man!
How well my comfort is revived by this!
How will this fadge?
How will you live?
How wilt thou do for a father?
How with mine honor may I give him that Which I have given to you?
How yet resolves the governor of the town?
How, how I pray you?
How, how, Cordelia?
How, how, how, how?
how, I pray?
How, in one house, Should many people under two commands Hold amity?
How, in stripping it, You more invest it!
How, my lord, I may be censured, that nature thus gives way to loyalty, something fears me to think of.
How, my pretty York?
How, the nonpareil!
How, will she none?
How!
How!
How?
How?
How?
How’s that?
How’s the day?
Howe'er thou art a fiend, A woman’s shape doth shield thee.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
Howling attends it.
Hoyday, a riddle!
Hugh Capet also, who usurped the crown Of Charles the duke of Lorraine, sole heir male Of the true line and stock of Charles the Great, To find his title with some shows of truth, Though in pure truth it was corrupt and naught, Conveyed himself as th' heir to th' Lady Lingare, Daughter to Charlemagne, who was the son To Lewis the Emperor, and Lewis the son Of Charles the Great.
Hum!
Humbly I thank your grace.
Humbly on my knee I crave your blessing.
Humbly, sir, I thank you.
Humh!
Huntsman, I charge thee, tender well my hounds.
Hurt him in eleven places.
Husband, I’ll dine above with you today, And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.
Husband, let’s follow to see the end of this ado.
Husband?
Hush and be mute, Or else our spell is marred.
Hush, Thou think’st there is no more such shapes as he, Having seen but him and Caliban.
Hush!
Hymen from heaven brought her, Yea, brought her hither, That thou mightst join her hand with his Whose heart within his bosom is.
I “an itching palm”!
I afeard of him!
I almost die for food, and let me have it.
I alone will go.
I am a fellow o' th' strangest mind i' th' world.
I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I am a gentleman of blood and breeding, And from some knowledge and assurance offer This office to you.
I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I am a gentleman.
I am a Jew.
I am a king, my masters, know you that?
I am a soldier, I, Older in practice, abler than yourself To make conditions.
I am a spirit of no common rate.
I am a tainted wether of the flock, Meetest for death.
I am a very foolish fond old man, Fourscore and upward, not an hour more nor less.
I am a villain.
I am afeard there are few die well that die in a battle, for how can they charitably dispose of anything, when blood is their argument?
I am afeard you make a wanton of me.
I am afeard, Being in night, all this is but a dream, Too flattering sweet to be substantial.
I am afraid He will chastise me.
I am afraid this great lubber, the world, will prove a cockney.
I am afraid, methinks, to hear you tell it.
I am agreed, and would I had given him the best horse inv Padua to begin his wooing that would thoroughly woo her, wed her, and bed her, and rid the house of her!
I am all the daughters of my father’s house, And all the brothers too—and yet I know not.
I am alone the villain of the earth, And feel I am so most.
I am amazed and know not what to say.
I am an ass, I am a woman’s man, and besides myself.
I am an ass, indeed; you may prove it by my long ears.—I have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my service but blows.
I am an ass; else it could never be But I should know her as well as she knows me.
I am armed and well prepared.— Give me your hand, Bassanio.
I am as mad as he, If sad and merry madness equal be.
I am ashamèd I did yield to them.
I am ashamed that women are so simple To offer war where they should kneel for peace; Or seek for rule, supremacy and sway When they are bound to serve, love, and obey.
I am aweary of this moon.
I am aweary.
I am bid forth to supper, Jessica.
I am bound by oath, and therefore pardon me.
I am bound to hear.
I am bound to the Count Orsino’s court.
I am bound to thee forever.
I am bound to your niece, sir.
I am boy to them all three, but all they three, though they would serve me, could not be man to me.
I am but hurt.
I am but mad north-north-west.
I am called Dercetus.
I am called.
I am changed.
I am Christophero Sly.
I am come To bid my king and master aye good night.
I am constant to my purpose.
I am content you shall entreat me stay, But yet not stay, entreat me how you can.
I am content, so the maiden cities you talk of may wait on her.
I am content, so thou wilt have it so.
I am content.
I am content.
I am cut to th' brains.
I am debating of my present store, And by the near guess of my memory I cannot instantly raise up the gross Of full three thousand ducats.
I am desperate of my fortunes if they check me.
I am doubtful that you have been conjunct And bosomed with her as far as we call hers.
I am dumb.
I am dying, Egypt, dying.
I am even The natural fool of fortune.
I am famished in his service.
I am feared in field and town.
I am fire and air, my other elements I give to baser life.—So, have you done?
I am for it, lieutenant, and I’ll do you justice.
I am for the air.
I am for thee straight.
I am for you.
I am full of pleasure.
I am given, sir, secretly to understand that your younger brother Orlando hath a disposition to come in disguised against me to try a fall.
I am glad he’s come, howsoe'er he comes.
I am glad of it.
I am glad of it.
I am glad of your departure.
I am glad on ’t.
I am glad on ’t.
I am glad on ’t.
I am glad that my weak words Have struck but thus much show of fire from Brutus.
I am glad thou canst speak no better English, for if thou couldst, thou wouldst find me such a plain king that thou wouldst think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I am glad thy father’s dead, Thy match was mortal to him, and pure grief Shore his old thread in twain.
I am glad to see you in this merry vein.
I am glad to see you mad.
I am glad to see you well.— Horatio?
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see your highness.
I am glad to see your Honor.
I am gone, though I am here.
I am Grumio’s pledge.
I am half afeard Thou wilt say anon he is some kin to thee, Thou spend’st such high-day wit in praising him.— Come, come, Nerissa, for I long to see Quick Cupid’s post that comes so mannerly.
I am he that is so love-shaked.
I am he.
I am heartily glad I came hither to you.
I am here already, sir.
I am hers.
I am his brother, and I love him well.
I am hitherto your daughter.
I am hurt.
I am in my condition A prince, Miranda—I do think, a king; I would, not so!—and would no more endure This wooden slavery than to suffer The flesh-fly blow my mouth.
I am in this commanded to deliver The noble duke of Clarence to your hands.
I am in your debt for your last exercise.
I am informèd thoroughly of the cause.
I am Launcelot, your boy that was, your son that is, your child that shall be.
I am loath to tell you what I would you knew.
I am locked in one of them.
I am maimed for ever.
I am mightily abused.
I am more an antique Roman than a Dane.
I am more proud to be Sir Rowland’s son, His youngest son, and would not change that calling To be adopted heir to Frederick.
I am much afeard my lady his mother played false with a smith.
I am much bound to you.
I am never merry when I hear sweet music.
I am no child, no babe.
I am no fee’d post, lady.
I am no fighter.
I am no less in blood than thou art, Edmund.
I am no more mad than you are.
I am no traitor.
I am no villain.
I am none of his flirt-gills.
I am none of his skains-mates.
I am none of these, my lord.
I am not a slut, though I thank the gods I am foul.
I am not Barbason; you cannot conjure me.
I am not bid for love.
I am not bound to please thee with my answers.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
I am not drunk now.
I am not for this ambling.
I am not furnished with the present money.
I am not gamesome.
I am not guilty of Lysander’s blood.
I am not here.
I am not I if there be such an  Or those eyes shut that makes thee answer “ay.” If he be slain, say “ay,” or if not, “no.” Brief sounds determine of my weal or woe.
I am not in a sportive humor now.
I am not in the giving vein today.
I am not mad, Sir Topas.
I am not mad.
I am not made of stones, But penetrable to your kind entreaties, Albeit against my conscience and my soul.
I am not married, Caesar.
I am not merry, but I do beguile The thing I am by seeming otherwise.
I am not of many words, but I thank you.
I am not of your element.
I am not sick if Brutus have in hand Any exploit worthy the name of honor.
I am not so reputed!
I am not so well as I should be, but I’ll ne’er out.
I am not sorry neither.
I am not Stephano, but a cramp.
I am not such an ass, but I can keep my hand dry.
I am not taught to make anything.
I am not to you known, Though in your state of honor I am perfect.
I am not treacherous.
I am not well in health, and that is all.
I am not well.
I am not what I am.
I am now from home, and out of that provision Which shall be needful for your entertainment.
I am now in great haste, as it may appear unto you.
I am old and foolish.
I am old now, And these same crosses spoil me.
I am one, my liege, Whom the vile blows and buffets of the world Have so incensed that I am reckless what I do to spite the world.
I am one, sir, that comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are now making the beast with two backs.
I am only sorry  He had no other death’s-man.
I am out of all other tune, methinks.
I am paid for ’t now.
I am pale, Charmian.
I am peppered, I warrant, for this world.
I am poisoned.
I am qualmish at the smell of leek.
I am quickly ill, and well, So Antony loves.
I am ready now.
I am ready.
I am right loath to go.
I am satisfied.
I am scarce in breath, my lord.
I am sent before to make a fire, and they are coming after to warm them.
I am sick and sullen.
I am sick in displeasure to him, and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine.
I am so lated in the world that I Have lost my way forever.
I am so much a fool, should I stay longer It would be my disgrace and your discomfort.
I am so.
I am sorry for her, as I have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian.
I am sorry for my cousin.
I am sorry for thee, friend.
I am sorry for thee.
I am sorry For your displeasure, but all will sure be well.
I am sorry I beat thee.
I am sorry that I am deceived in him.
I am sorry that with better heed and judgment I had not quoted him.
I am sorry that your leisure serves you not.— Antonio, gratify this gentleman, For in my mind you are much bound to him.
I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so.
I am sorry to find you thus.
I am sorry to give breathing to my purpose— Help me away, dear Charmian!
I am sorry to hear this.
I am sorry.
I am sped.
I am strong-framed.
I am stuffed, cousin.
I am sure he had more hair of his tail than I have of my face when I last saw him.
I am sure he is in the fleet.
I am sure I am none such.
I am sure no man hath any quarrel to me.
I am sure of that.
I am sure the duke Will never grant this forfeiture to hold.
I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.
I am sure you both of you remember me.
I am sure you know him well enough.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness merits thanks.
I am tame, sir.
I am th' unhappy subject of these quarrels.
I am that merry wanderer of the night.
I am the duke That loved your father.
I am the greatest, able to do least, Yet most suspected, as the time and place Doth make against me, of this direful murder.
I am the king himself.
I am the man.
I am the second son of old Sir Rowland, That bring these tidings to this fair assembly.
I am the son of Marcus Cato, ho!
I am the very man— I’ll see that straight.
I am the youngest of that name, for fault of a worse.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I am thus bold to put your Grace in mind Of what you promised me.
I am thy father’s spirit, Doomed for a certain term to walk the night And for the day confined to fast in fires, Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature Are burnt and purged away.
I am tied to th' stake, and I must stand the course.
I am to blame to be thus waited for.
I am to blame.
I am to pray you not to strain my speech To grosser issues nor to larger reach Than to suspicion.
I am too sore enpiercèd with his shaft To soar with his light feathers, and so bound, I cannot bound a pitch above dull woe.
I am transformèd, master, am I not?
I am unfit for state and majesty.
I am very comptible, even to the least sinister usage.
I am very glad of it.
I am very glad to see you, signior.
I am very glad to see you.
I am very ill at ease, Unfit for mine own purposes.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
I am very sorry that you are not well.
I am weary of you.
I am young, but something You may deserve of him through me, and wisdom To offer up a weak, poor, innocent lamb T' appease an angry god.
I am your host.
I am your neighbor, and was suitor first.
I am your own for ever.
I am your spaniel.
I am your wife if you will marry me.
I am.
I and my bosom must debate awhile, And then I would no other company.
I and my sword will earn our chronicle.
I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the properer man.
I answer you?
I arrest thee of high treason, by the name of Henry, Lord Scroop of Masham.
I arrest thee of high treason, by the name of Richard, Earl of Cambridge.
I arrest thee of high treason, by the name of Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland.
I assure my good liege, I hold my duty as I hold my soul, Both to my God and to my gracious king.
I assure you, Carthage.
I attend them with all respect and duty.
I bade the rascal knock upon your gate And could not get him for my heart to do it.
I bear no hatred, blessèd man, for, lo, My intercession likewise steads my foe.
I beg for justice, which thou, Prince, must give.
I believe drink gave thee the lie last night.
I believe we must leave the killing out, when all is done.
I beseech thee, youth, Put not another sin upon my head By urging me to fury.
I beseech you pardon me, my lord, if I be mistaken—for my duty cannot be silent when I think your highness wronged.
I beseech you, do me this courteous office, as to know of the knight what my offense to him is.
I beseech you, follow straight.
I beseech you, sir, go.
I beseech you, sir, pardon me.
I beseech you, what manner of man is he?
I beseech you.
I beseech your pardon.
I bespoke it not.
I Beyond all limit of what else i' th' world Do love, prize, honor you.
I bleed, sir, but not killed.
I bring no overture of war, no taxation of homage.
I bring thee tidings of the Prince’s doom.
I but believe it partly, For I am fresh of spirit and resolved To meet all perils very constantly.
I by bargain should Wear it myself.
I call thee by the most modest terms, for I am one of those gentle ones that will use the devil himself with courtesy.
I call thee not.
I call them forth to credit her.
I called thee then “vain flourish of my fortune.” I called thee then poor shadow, “painted queen,” The presentation of but what I was, The flattering index of a direful pageant, One heaved a-high, to be hurled down below, A mother only mocked with two fair babes, A dream of what thou wast, a garish flag To be the aim of every dangerous shot, A sign of dignity, a breath, a bubble, A queen in jest, only to fill the scene.
I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord.
I came hither to tell you; and, circumstances shortened, for she has been too long a-talking of, the lady is disloyal.
I can as well be hanged as tell the manner of it.
I can be patient.
I can behold no longer.
I can hardly forbear hurling things at him.
I can keep honest counsel, ride, run, mar a curious tale in telling it, and deliver a plain message bluntly.
I can live no longer by thinking.
I can no more.
I can no more.
I can read.
I can say little more than I have studied, and that question’s out of my part.
I can see a church by daylight.
I can see yet without spectacles, and I see no such matter.
I can stand well enough, and I speak well enough.
I can stay with Regan, I and my hundred knights.
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I’ll be sworn.
I can tell thee where that saying was born, of “I fear no colors.”  Where, good Mistress Mary?
I can tell what thou wouldst do.
I can tell you it will serve you to mend your shoes.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him.
I can tell your Majesty, the duke is a prave man.
I can write very like my lady your niece: on a forgotten matter we can hardly make distinction of our hands.
I can, at any unseasonable instant of the night, appoint her to look out at her lady’s chamber window.
I can, Petruchio, help thee to a wife With wealth enough, and young and beauteous, Brought up as best becomes a gentlewoman.
I cannot be a man with wishing, therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
I cannot be so answer’d.
I cannot be so partial, Goneril, To the great love I bear you—      Pray you, content.
I cannot believe that in her.
I cannot bid you bid my daughter live— That were impossible—but, I pray you both, Possess the people in Messina here How innocent she died.
I cannot blame her.
I cannot blame thee now to weep, For such an injury would vex a very saint, Much more a shrew of thy impatient humor.
I cannot but remember such things were That were most precious to me.
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus' love.
I cannot find it.
I cannot fly, But, bearlike, I must fight the course.
I cannot go no further.
I cannot go to, man, nor ’tis not very well.
I cannot hear of any that did see her.
I cannot hide what I am.
I cannot hope Caesar and Antony shall well greet together.
I cannot live out of her company.
I cannot live to hear the news from England.
I cannot love him.
I cannot make you what amends I would; Therefore accept such kindness as I can.
I cannot say “whore,” It does abhor me now I speak the word.
I cannot speak Any beginning to this peevish odds, And would in action glorious I had lost Those legs that brought me to a part of it.
I cannot speak enough of this content.
I cannot speak of this.
I cannot speak to her, yet she urged conference.
I cannot speak your England.
I cannot tell wat is dat.
I cannot tell what you and other men Think of this life, but, for my single self, I had as lief not be as live to be In awe of such a thing as I myself.
I cannot tell, except they are busied about a counterfeit assurance.
I cannot tell; I think not.
I cannot tell.
I cannot tell.
I cannot tell.
I cannot tell.
I cannot think it.
I cannot think my sister in the least Would fail her obligation.
I cannot think you are my son.
I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so proper.
I care not for good life.
I care not for my spirits, if my legs were not weary.
I care not if I have.
I care not.
I charge thee do so, as thou art my child.
I charge thee, be not thou more grieved than I am.
I charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus.
I charge thee, speak!
I charge thee, tempt me not.
I charge you by the law, Whereof you are a well-deserving pillar, Proceed to judgment.
I charge you, as you hope to have redemption, By Christ’s dear blood shed for our grievous sins, That you depart, and lay no hands on me.
I charge you, get you home.
I charge you, go with me.
I choose her for myself.
I chose her when I could not ask my father For his advice, nor thought I had one.
I come but in as others do, to try with him the strength of my youth.
I come not, friends, to steal away your hearts.
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I come to fetch you to the senate house.
I come to thee for charitable license, That we may wander o'er this bloody field To book our dead and then to bury them; To sort our nobles from our common men, For many of our princes—woe the while!— Lie drowned and soaked in mercenary blood.
I commanded the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again, and that I’ll prove upon thee, though thy little finger be armed in a thimble.
I commend my duty to your lordship.
I commend your pains, And every one shall share i' th' gains.
I confess it is my shame to be so fond, but it is not in my virtue to amend it.
I confess the cape.
I confess two sleeves.
I conjure thee by all the saints in heaven.
I conjure you by that which you profess— Howe'er you come to know it—answer me.
I could be sad.
I could be well moved if I were as you.
I could do more to do Antonius good, But ’twould offend him, and in his offense Should my performance perish.
I could find in my heart to beat him—   But that the poor monster’s in drink.
I could interpret between you and your love, if I could see the puppets dallying.
I could make as true a boast as that if I had a sow to my mistress.
I could marry this wench for this device.
I could munch your good dry oats.
I could never better stead thee than now.
I could not find him at the Elephant.
I could not for my heart deny it him.
I could not forget you, for I never saw you before in all my life.
I could not stay behind you.
I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in to make all split.
I could say she were worse.
I could tell you more news too.
I could well forbear ’t.
I could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment.
I crave the law, The penalty, and forfeit of my bond.
I crave your highness’ pardon.
I cross me for a sinner.
I cry thee mercy, then, for I did think That thou hadst called me all these bitter names.
I cry you mercy, then, I took you for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello.—You, mistress, That have the office opposite to Saint Peter And keep the gate of hell!
I cry you mercy, uncle.—By your Grace’s pardon.
I cry you mercy.
I cry your worships' mercy, heartily.—I beseech your worship’s name.
I dare abide no longer.
I dare assure thee that no enemy Shall ever take alive the noble Brutus.
I dare assure you, sir, ’tis almost two, And ’twill be supper time ere you come there.
I dare avouch it, sir.
I dare be sworn for him he would not leave it Nor pluck it from his finger for the wealth That the world masters.
I dare damnation.
I dare draw as soon as another man if I see occasion in a good quarrel and the law on my side.
I dare lay any money ’twill be nothing yet.
I dare make his answer, none.
I dare not confess that lest I should compare with him in excellence, but to know a man well were to know himself.
I dare not drink yet, madam.
I dare not, dear, Dear my lord, pardon, I dare not, Lest I be taken.
I dare not, sir.
I dare pawn down my life for him that he hath wrote this to feel my affection to your honor and to no other pretense of danger.
I dare say you love him not so ill to wish him here alone, howsoever you speak this to feel other men’s minds.
I dare swear he is no hypocrite but prays from his heart.
I dare swear this is the right Vincentio.
I dare, and do defy thee for a villain.
I defy lechery.
I delight in masques and revels sometimes altogether.
I denied you not.
I deny it not.
I desire no more delight Than to be under sail and gone tonight.
I desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Mustardseed.
I did enact Julius Caesar.
I did hear him groan, Ay, and that tongue of his that bade the Romans Mark him and write his speeches in their books— “Alas,” it cried, “give me some drink, Titinius,” As a sick girl.
I did hear The galloping of horse.
I did her wrong— Canst tell how an oyster makes his shell?
I did love you once.
I did never know so full a voice issue from so empty a heart.
I did not give the lie.
I did not kill your husband.
I did not see him since.
I did not see you since you sent me hence, Home to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I did not think he had been acquainted with her.
I did not think to draw my sword ’gainst Pompey, For he hath laid strange courtesies and great Of late upon me.
I did not think you could have been so angry.
I did not think, sir, to have met you here.
I did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth.
I did not.
I did nothing.
I did say so When first I raised the tempest.
I did send To you for gold to pay my legions, Which you denied me.
I did send, After the last enchantment you did here, A ring in chase of you.
I did so, and take heed on ’t, Make it a darling like your precious eye.
I did so, and went further, which is now Our point of second meeting.
I did think, by the excellent constitution of thy leg, it was formed under the star of a galliard.
I did very well note him.
I did, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
I do arrest you, sir.
I do assure thee, father, so it is.
I do assure you, ’tis against my will.
I do attend here on the general And think it no addition, nor my wish, To have him see me womaned.
I do begin to have bloody thoughts.
I do believe ’twas he.
I do believe it, and I ask your pardon.
I do believe that these applauses are For some new honors that are heaped on Caesar.
I do beseech ye, if you bear me hard, Now, whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke, Fulfill your pleasure.
I do beseech you That are of suppler joints, follow them swiftly And hinder them from what this ecstasy May now provoke them to.
I do beseech you To understand my purposes aright.
I do beseech you— Chiefly that I might set it in my prayers— What is your name?
I do beseech you, sir, have patience.
I do beseech you, sir, trouble yourself no further.
I do beseech you, take it not amiss; I cannot, nor I will not, yield to you.
I do beseech you.
I do beseech your Grace pardon me, Who, earnest in the service of my God, Deferred the visitation of my friends.
I do beseech your Grace to pardon me, and withal Forbear your conference with the noble duke.
I do beseech your Grace, Let me the knowledge of my fault bear with me.
I do beseech your lordship, call her back.
I do bite my thumb, sir.
I do but beg a little changeling boy, To be my henchman.
I do but keep the peace.
I do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go I toward Aragon.
I do confess my fault, And do submit me to Your Highness' mercy.
I do consent—    Prick him down, Antony.
I do defy thy commination And apprehend thee for a felon here.
I do desire it with all my heart, and I hope it is no dishonest desire to desire to be a woman of the world.
I do desire no more.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
I do embrace your offer; and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio.
I do entreat you, not a man depart, Save I alone, till Antony have spoke.
I do entreat your grace to pardon me.
I do fear, the people Choose Caesar for their king.
I do hear the morning lark.
I do I know not what and fear to find Mine eye too great a flatterer for my mind.
I do know him by his gait.
I do know, When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul Lends the tongue vows.
I do lack some part Of that quick spirit that is in Antony.
I do love it better than laughing.
I do love nothing in the world so well as you.
I do never use it.
I do not bid the thunder-bearer shoot, Nor tell tales of thee to high-judging Jove.
I do not bid thee call.
I do not desire he should answer for me, and yet I determine to fight lustily for him.
I do not find that thou deal’st justly with me.
I do not know dat.
I do not know One of my sex, no woman’s face remember— Save, from my glass, mine own.
I do not know what “poetical” is.
I do not know you so good a man as myself.
I do not know, my lord, what I should think.
I do not know.
I do not like her name.
I do not like the office.
I do not like the Tower, of any place.— Did Julius Caesar build that place, my lord?
I do not like thy look, I promise thee.
I do not like your faults.
I do not now fool myself, to let imagination jade me, for every reason excites to this, that my lady loves me.
I do not see them bleed.
I do not set my life in a pin’s fee, And for my soul—what can it do to that, Being a thing immortal as itself?
I do not think ’t.
I do not think it good.
I do not think so.
I do not think there is any such woman.
I do not think thou canst, for then thou wast not Out three years old.
I do not understand.
I do not well know, my lord.
I do not well understand that.
I do not, sir.
I do not, till you practice them on me.
I do now let loose my opinion, hold it no longer: this is no fish, but an islander that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt.
I do obey thee till I give thee bail.
I do remember in this shepherd boy Some lively touches of my daughter’s favor.
I do remember me, Henry the Sixth Did prophesy that Richmond should be king, When Richmond was a little peevish boy.
I do remember now.
I do remember well where I should be, And there I am.
I do remember.
I do repent me that I put it to you.
I do repent The tedious minutes I with her have spent.
I do require them of you, so to use them As we shall find their merits and our safety May equally determine.
I do serve you in this business.
I do so, I confess it.
I do suffer love indeed, for I love thee against my will.
I do suspect I have done some offense That seems disgracious in the city’s eye, And that you come to reprehend my ignorance.
I do the wrong, and first begin to brawl.
I do think there is mettle in death, which commits some loving act upon her, she hath such a celerity in dying.
I do wander everywhere  Swifter than the moon’s sphere.
I do,  This touches me in reputation.
I do, and surely It is a sleepy language, and thou speak’st Out of thy sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I do, truly, for thou swear’st to me thou art honest.
I do.
I do.
I doubt it is no other but the main: His father’s death and our o'erhasty marriage.
I doubt it not, sir, but you will curse your wooing.— Neighbor, this is a gift very grateful, I am sure of it.
I doubt not but his friends will turn to us.
I doubt not of his temperance.
I doubt not of your wisdom.
I doubt not that, since we are well-persuaded We carry not a heart with us from hence That grows not in a fair consent with ours, Nor leave not one behind that doth not wish Success and conquest to attend on us.
I doubt some danger does approach you nearly.
I doubt some foul play.
I dreamt a dream tonight.
I dreamt last night of the three weird sisters: To you they have showed some truth.
I dreamt there was an emperor Antony.
I dreamt tonight that I did feast with Caesar, And things unlucky charge my fantasy.
I drew to part them.
I drink to thee.
I drunk!
I durst have denied that before you were so choleric.
I durst not!
I durst, my lord, to wager she is honest, Lay down my soul at stake.
I eat the air, promise-crammed.
I embrace it.
I fear ’tis choleric.
I fear he will prove the weeping philosopher when he grows old, being so full of unmannerly sadness in his youth.
I fear he will.
I fear I wrong the honorable men Whose daggers have stabbed Caesar.
I fear it is too choleric a meat.
I fear it, I promise you.
I fear me both are false.
I fear me you’ll be in till then.
I fear my Thisbe’s promise is forgot!— And thou, O Wall, O sweet, O lovely Wall, That stand’st between her father’s ground and mine.
I fear no uncles dead.
I fear thee not.
I fear thou wilt once more come again for a ransom.
I fear you have sold your own lands to see other men’s.
I fear your disposition.
I feared he did but trifle And meant to wreck thee.
I feel this pinprick.
I fight against thee?
I find here that Don Pedro hath bestowed much honor on a young Florentine called Claudio.
I find it still, when I have leave to sleep.
I find not Myself disposed to sleep.
I find you passing gentle.
I fly, Biondello.
I follow him to serve my turn upon him.
I forget, But these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labors, Most busiest when I do it.
I forgive you the praise.
I found her trimming up the diadem On her dead mistress.
I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren.
I found him under a tree like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my chamber, And he himself confessed but even now That there he dropped it for a special purpose Which wrought to his desire.
I found it thrown in at the casement of my closet.
I found not Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
I found you as a morsel cold upon Dead Caesar’s trencher.
I frown the while, and perchance wind up watch, or play with my—some rich jewel.
I frown upon him, yet he loves me still.
I gave him no order.
I gave him the stuff.
I gave my love a ring and made him swear Never to part with it.
I gave thee mine before thou didst request it, And yet I would it were to give again.
I gave you all— And in good time you gave it.
I give away myself for you and dote upon the exchange.
I give him curses, yet he gives me love.
I give it you.
I give them with this ring, Which when you part from, lose, or give away, Let it presage the ruin of your love
I go to take my stand To see him pass on to the Capitol.
I go, I go.
I go, my lord.
I go, my lord.
I go, sir, but I would not have you to think that my desire of having is the sin of covetousness.
I go; and towards three or four o'clock Look for the news that the Guildhall affords.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I grant him bloody, Luxurious, avaricious, false, deceitful, Sudden, malicious, smacking of every sin That has a name.
I grant I am a woman, but withal A woman that Lord Brutus took to wife.
I grant I am a woman, but withal A woman well-reputed, Cato’s daughter.
I grant indeed it hath not appeared, and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment.
I grant you, friends, if you should fright the ladies out of their wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us.
I grant you.
I greet thy love Not with vain thanks but with acceptance bounteous, And will upon the instant put thee to ’t.
I guess at it.
I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the stuck-in with such a mortal motion, that it is inevitable.
I had a Richard too, and thou did’st kill him; I had a Rutland too; thou holp’st to kill him.
I had a son, Now outlawed from my blood.
I had a wound here that was like a “T,” But now ’tis made an “H.” They do retire.
I had as lief be a Brownist as a politician.
I had as lief be wooed of a snail.
I had as lief have a reed that will do me no service as a partisan I could not heave.
I had as lief have my mistress a jade.
I had as lief thou didst break his neck as his finger.
I had been happy if the general camp, Pioneers and all, had tasted her sweet body, So I had nothing known.
I had else been perfect, Whole as the marble, founded as the rock, As broad and general as the casing air.
I had forgot the reward.
I had forgot—three months.
I had it of him.
I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor.
I had most need of blessing, and “Amen” Stuck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet in my purse, Which was the model of that Danish seal.
I had myself notice of my brother’s purpose herein and have by underhand means labored to dissuade him from it; but he is resolute.
I had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace, and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any.
I had rather be a country servant-maid Than a great queen with this condition, To be so baited, scorned, and stormèd at.
I had rather be a dog and bay the moon Than such a Roman.
I had rather be a peddler.
I had rather be a toad And live upon the vapor of a dungeon Than keep a corner in the thing I love For others' uses.
I had rather be any kind o' thing than a fool.
I had rather be married to a death’s-head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these.
I had rather break mine own.
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad— and to travel for it, too.
I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas.
I had rather have my horse to my mistress.
I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offence to Michael Cassio.
I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me.
I had rather than forty pound I were at home.
I had rather to adopt a child than get it.— Come hither, Moor.
I had thought t’ have held it poor; but since my lord Is Antony again, I will be Cleopatra.
I hate a drunken rogue.
I hate ingratitude more in a man Than lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, Or any taint of vice whose strong corruption Inhabits our frail blood—    O heavens themselves!
I hate it as an unfilled can.
I hate the Moor, And it is thought abroad that ’twixt my sheets He’s done my office.
I hate the word, As I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee.
I have ’t in my nose too.
I have ’t.
I have a beard coming.
I have a daughter—have while she is mine— Who in her duty and obedience, mark, Hath given me this.
I have a daughter, sir, called Katherina.
I have a daughter.
I have a device to make all well.
I have a file Of all the gentry.
I have a good eye, uncle.
I have a head, sir, that will find out logs, And never trouble Peter for the matter.
I have a health for you.
I have a journey, sir, shortly to go.
I have a letter guessingly set down, Which came from one that’s of a neutral heart, And not from one opposed.
I have a mind to strike thee ere thou speak’st.
I have a pain upon my forehead, here.
I have a reasonable good ear in music.
I have a salt and sorry rheum offends me.
I have a ship Laden with gold.
I have a soul of lead So stakes me to the ground I cannot move.
I have a suit to you.
I have a thing for you.
I have a venturous fairy that shall seek The squirrel’s hoard and fetch thee new nuts.
I have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child.
I have a wife, whom I protest I love.
I have almost forgot the taste of fears.
I have almost slipped the hour.
I have already.
I have an exposition of sleep come upon me.
I have an humor to knock you indifferently well.
I have an interest in your hearts' proceeding.
I have as much of my father in me as you, albeit, I confess, your coming before me is nearer to his reverence.
I have as much of this in art as you, But yet my nature could not bear it so.
I have been dear to him, lad, some two thousand strong, or so.
I have been talking with a suitor here, A man that languishes in your displeasure.
I have been to seek you.
I have been told so of many.
I have been up this hour, awake all night.
I have been with your father and given him notice that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan his duchess will be here with him this night.
I have been worth the whistle.
I have been your tenant and your father’s tenant these fourscore years.
I have broke with her father and his goodwill obtained.
I have brought him a present.
I have brought you from Venice.
I have but with a cursitory eye O'erglanced the articles.
I have charged thee not to haunt about my doors.
I have deceived even your very eyes.
I have done ill, Of which I do accuse myself so sorely That I will joy no more.
I have done my duty.
I have done my work ill, friends.
I have done no harm.
I have done no more to Caesar than you shall do to Brutus.
I have done the deed.
I have done.
I have done.
I have drunk but one cup tonight, and that was craftily qualified too, and behold what innovation it makes here.
I have drunk poison whiles he uttered it.
I have ever held my cap off to thy fortunes.
I have fair meanings, sir.
I have fled myself, and have instructed cowards To run and show their shoulders.
I have forgot why I did call thee back.
I have forgot your name, but sure that part Was aptly fitted and naturally performed.
I have forsworn his bed and company.
I have full cause of weeping, but this heart Shall break into a hundred thousand flaws, Or ere I’ll weep.—O Fool, I shall go mad!
I have great comfort from this fellow.
I have had four quarrels, and like to have fought one.
I have heard her swear ’t.
I have heard him read many lectures against it, and I thank God I am not a woman, to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he hath generally taxed their whole sex withal.
I have heard it over, And it is nothing, nothing in the world— Unless you can find sport in their intents, Extremely stretched and conned with cru 'l pain To do you service.
I have heard it said so.
I have heard more since.
I have heard my father name him.
I have heard of some kind of men that put quarrels purposely on others, to taste their valor.
I have heard of your paintings too, well enough.
I have heard that Julius Caesar Grew fat with feasting there.
I have heard too much, and your words and performances are no kin together.
I have heard Where many of the best respect in Rome, Except immortal Caesar, speaking of Brutus And groaning underneath this age’s yoke, Have wished that noble Brutus had his eyes.
I have heard Your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify His rigorous course.
I have Immortal longings in me.
I have it here about me.
I have it not about me.
I have it ready for thee.
I have it, And soundly too.
I have it, Tranio!
I have known when he would have walked ten mile afoot to see a good armor, and now will he lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet.
I have known when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife, and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe.
I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed.
I have led you oft; carry me now, good friends, And have my thanks for all.
I have limed her, but it is Jove’s doing, and Jove make me thankful!
I have lived long enough.
I have locked the letter in my closet.
I have looked upon the world for four times seven years, and since I could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury I never found man that knew how to love himself.
I have made it for you.
I have made no fault.
I have made strong proof of my constancy, Giving myself a voluntary wound Here in the thigh.
I have many enemies in Orsino’s court, Else would I very shortly see thee there.
I have marked A thousand blushing apparitions To start into her face, a thousand innocent shames In angel whiteness beat away those blushes, And in her eye there hath appeared a fire To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth.
I have more care to stay than will to go.
I have more cause.
I have much to do But to go hang my head all at one side And sing it like poor Barbary.
I have myself resolved upon a course Which has no need of you.
I have neither the scholar’s melancholy, which is emulation; nor the musician’s, which is fantastical; nor the courtier’s, which is proud; nor the soldier’s, which is ambitious; nor the lawyer’s, which is politic; nor the lady’s, which is nice; nor the lover’s, which is all these, but it is a melancholy of mine own, compounded of many simples, extracted from many objects, and indeed the sundry contemplation of my travels, in which my often rumination wraps me in a most humorous sadness.
I have no ambition To see a goodlier man.
I have no exquisite reason for ’t, but I have reason good enough.
I have no food for thee.
I have no great devotion to the deed And yet he hath given me satisfying reasons.
I have no hope That he’s undrowned.
I have no long spoon.
I have no more sons of the royal blood For thee to slaughter.
I have no power upon you.
I have no way, and therefore want no eyes.
I have no will to wander forth of doors, Yet something leads me forth.
I have no words.
I have none.
I have not ’scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs.
I have not art to reckon my groans, but that I love thee best, oh, most best, believe it.
I have not breathed almost since I did see it.
I have not dined today.
I have not heard the clock.
I have not seen him this two days.
I have not seen such a firago.
I have noted it well.
I have nothing to do with thee.
I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet.
I have o'ershot myself to tell you of it.
I have offended reputation, A most unnoble swerving.
I have perceived a most faint neglect of late, which I have rather blamed as mine own jealous curiosity than as a very pretense and purpose of unkindness.
I have performed Your pleasure and my promise.
I have possessed your grace of what I purpose, And by our holy Sabbath have I sworn To have the due and forfeit of my bond.
I have professed me thy friend, and I confess me knit to thy deserving with cables of perdurable toughness.
I have promised to make all this matter even.
I have received a hurt.
I have said.
I have said.
I have said.
I have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer moment.
I have seen nothing.
I have seen thee fight When I have envied thy behavior.
I have seen you both.
I have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or thrice.
I have sent after him.
I have sent for these strawberries.
I have sent to bid Cassio come speak with you.
I have sent twenty out to seek for you.
I have slept, my lord, already.
I have so often blushed to acknowledge him that now I am brazed to it.
I have some business.
I have spoke thus much To mitigate the justice of thy plea, Which if thou follow, this strict court of Venice Must needs give sentence 'gainst the merchant there.
I have stayed for thee, God knows, in torment and in agony.
I have them ready.
I have this present evening from my sister Been well informed of them—and with such cautions That if they come to sojourn at my house I’ll not be there.
I have told him, Lepidus was grown too cruel, That he his high authority abused And did deserve his change.
I have told thee often, and I re-tell thee again and again, I hate the Moor.
I have too grieved a heart To take a tedious leave.
I have two nights watched with you but can perceive no truth in your report.
I have undone three tailors.
I have used it, nuncle, ever since thou madest thy daughters thy mothers.
I have used thee, Filth as thou art, with human care, and lodged thee In mine own cell till thou didst seek to violate The honor of my child.
I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking.
I have watched ere now All night for lesser cause, and ne'er been sick.
I have well approved it, sir.
I have within my mind A thousand raw tricks of these bragging jacks Which I will practice.
I have years on my back forty- eight.
I have yet Room for six scotches more.
I have, my lord.
I have, since I was three year old, conversed with a magician, most profound in his art and yet not damnable.
I have, when you have heard what I can say.
I have.
I hear a knocking At the south entry.
I hear a tongue, shriller than all the music, Cry “Caesar!”—Speak.
I hear him mock The luck of Caesar, which the gods give men To excuse their after wrath.—Husband, I come!
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I hear it by the way; but I will send.
I hear it now above me.
I hear my father coming.
I hear none, madam.
I hear some noise within.
I hear some noise.
I hear the minstrels play.
I hear the news, my lord.
I hear The strain of strutting chanticleer Cry “Cock-a-diddle-dow.” Where should this music be?
I hear their drum.
I hear thou must, and nothing may prorogue it, On Thursday next be married to this county.
I heard him say, Brutus and Cassius Are rid like madmen through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear his affection.
I heard it not.
I heard myself proclaimed, And by the happy hollow of a tree Escaped the hunt.
I heard nothing.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
I heard thee say even now thou lik’st not that When Cassio left my wife.
I held the sword and he did run on it.
I here do give thee that with all my heart Which, but thou hast already, with all my heart I would keep from thee.
I here take my oath before this honorable assembly, she kicked the poor king her father.
I hid me under the dead mooncalf’s gaberdine for fear of the storm.
I hold you but a subject of this war, Not as a brother.
I hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear.
I hope better.
I hope he be in love.
I hope he is much grown since last I saw him.
I hope he is, but yet let mothers doubt.
I hope my noble lord esteems me honest.
I hope now thou art not drowned.
I hope she will be brief.
I hope so, Lepidus.
I hope so.
I hope the king made peace with all of us; And the compact is firm and true in me.
I hope they will not come upon us now.
I hope this passionate humor of mine will change.
I hope this reason stands for my excuse.
I hope thou art not mad.
I hope we have reformed that indifferently with us, sir.
I hope you do not mean to cheat me so.
I hope you will consider what is spoke Comes from my love.
I hope your Majesty is pear me testimony and witness, and will avouchment that this is the glove of Alençon that your Majesty is give me, in your conscience now.
I hope, for my brother’s justification, he wrote this but as an essay or taste of my virtue.
I hope, in no place so unsanctified Where such as thou mayst find him.
I hoped there was no need to trouble himself with any such thoughts yet.
I hourly learn A doctrine of obedience, and would gladly Look him i’ th’ face.
I humbly beseech you, proceed to th' affairs of state.
I humbly do beseech you of your pardon For too much loving you.
I humbly take my leave.
I humbly thank you for’t.
I humbly thank you, sir.
I humbly thank you.
I humbly thank your ladyship.
I humbly thank your ladyship.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and from heartstring I love the lovely bully.
I knew a wench married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit, and so may you, sir.
I knew it would be your answer.
I knew what you would prove.
I knew you at the first You were a moveable.
I knew your father.
I know ’t—my sister’s.
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip.
I know a wench of excellent discourse, Pretty and witty, wild and yet, too, gentle.
I know by that same eye there’s some good news.
I know he loves me well.
I know he would not be a wolf But that he sees the Romans are but sheep.
I know her answer.
I know her by her gait.
I know her father, though I know not her, And he knew my deceasèd father well.
I know him not.
I know him to be valiant.
I know him well.
I know him; he wears a lock.
I know his eye doth homage otherwhere, Or else what lets it but he would be here?
I know his gait, ’tis he.—Villain, thou diest!
I know his heart.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I know his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I cannot please you.
I know into what straits of fortune she is driven, and it is not impossible to me, if it appear not inconvenient to you, to set her before your eyes tomorrow, human as she is, and without any danger.
I know it by their pale and deadly looks.
I know it is the moon.
I know it is the sun that shines so bright.
I know it pleaseth neither of us well.
I know it well, sir.
I know my hour is come.
I know my lady will strike him.
I know my physic will work with him.
I know my remedy.
I know no answer.
I know no news, my lord.
I know no touch of it, my lord.
I know no ways to mince it in love, but directly to say, “I love you.” Then if you urge me farther than to say, “Do you, in faith?” I wear out my suit.
I know not at whose suit he is arrested well, But he’s in a suit of buff which ’rested him; that can I tell.
I know not by what power I am made bold Nor how it may concern my modesty In such a presence here to plead my thoughts, But I beseech your grace that I may know The worst that may befall me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius.
I know not how to pray your patience, Yet I must speak.
I know not if ’t be true, But I, for mere suspicion in that kind, Will do as if for surety.
I know not that, when he knows what I know.
I know not what ’twas but distraction.
I know not what to say.
I know not what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell down.
I know not where he lodges, and for me to devise a lodging and say he lies here, or he lies there, were to lie in mine own throat.
I know not which is which.
I know not why he comes.
I know not, gentlemen, what you intend, Who else must be let blood, who else is rank.
I know not, lady.
I know not, madam.
I know not, Menas, How lesser enmities may give way to greater.
I know not, sir.
I know not.
I know not.
I know our country disposition well.
I know she is an irksome brawling scold.
I know that virtue to be in you, Brutus, As well as I do know your outward favor.
I know that voice.
I know that we shall have him well to friend.
I know that, but I would have thee hence and here again.
I know the boy will well usurp the grace, Voice, gait, and action of a gentlewoman.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the good king and queen have sent for you.
I know the hand.
I know the man.
I know thee not.
I know thee well enough.
I know thee well—a serviceable villain, As duteous to the vices of thy mistress As badness would desire.
I know thee well.
I know thee well.
I know thee, Roderigo.
I know they are in Rome together Looking for Antony.
I know this is a joyful trouble to you, But yet ’tis one.
I know this, and thus I challenge it.
I know thou canst not choose.
I know thou wilt say “ay,” And I will take thy word.
I know thy constellation is right apt For this affair.
I know thy quality.
I know what reason I have to think so: if thou shouldst not be glad, I would divorce me from thy mother’s tomb, Sepulchring an adultress.
I know when one is dead and when one lives.
I know where I will wear this dagger then.
I know you are my eldest brother, and in the gentle condition of blood you should so know me.
I know you are no truant.
I know you are not ignorant— I would you did, sir.
I know you are of her bosom.
I know you by the waggling of your head.
I know you could not lack, I am certain on ’t, Very necessity of this thought, that I, Your partner in the cause ’gainst which he fought, Could not with graceful eyes attend those wars Which fronted mine own peace.
I know you not.
I know you of old.
I know you what you are, And like a sister am most loath to call Your faults as they are named.
I know you.
I know young bloods look for a time of rest.
I know your favor well, Though now you have no sea-cap on your head.— Take him away.
I know, sir, I am no flatterer.
I know,” quoth he, “no house, no wife, no mistress.” So that my errand, due unto my tongue, I thank him, I bare home upon my shoulders, For, in conclusion, he did beat me there.
I lay with Cassio lately And, being troubled with a raging tooth, I could not sleep.
I learned it in England where indeed they are most potent in potting.
I leave an arrant knave with your Worship, which I beseech your Worship to correct yourself, for the example of others.
I leave him to your gracious acceptance, whose trial shall better publish his commendation.” You hear the learned Bellario, what he writes.
I leave my duty a little unthought of and speak out of my injury.
I led them on in this distracted fear And left sweet Pyramus translated there.
I left no ring with her.
I like him not, nor stands it safe with us To let his madness range.
I like him very well.
I like it not.
I like not that.
I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner; and your gown’s a most rare fashion, i' faith.
I like the work well.
I like you lads.
I little thought You would have followed.
I long that we were safe and sound aboard.
I long to hear him call the drunkard “husband,” And how my men will stay themselves from laughter When they do homage to this simple peasant.
I long To hear the story of your life, which must Take the ear strangely.
I long to know the truth hereof at large.
I long with all my heart to see the prince.
I look down towards his feet, but that’s a fable.
I looked her in the face, and saw her led Between her brother and Mark Antony.
I looked not for you yet, nor am provided For your fit welcome.
I love her ten times more than e'er I did.
I love thee not, therefore pursue me not.
I love thee not.
I love thee well in that thou lik’st it not.
I love to cope him in these sullen fits, For then he’s full of matter.
I love you the better; the hearers may cry “Amen.” God match me with a good dancer!
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest.
I love your majesty According to my bond, no more nor less.
I loved him, friend— No father his son dearer.
I loved Ophelia.
I loved you ever.
I loved you not.
I made no such report.
I make all use of it, for I use it only.
I make not, but foresee.
I marry her!
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
I marvel our mild husband Not met us on the way.
I marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are.
I marvel why I answered not again.
I marvel your ladyship takes delight in such a barren rascal.
I may command where I adore, But silence, like a Lucrece knife, With bloodless stroke my heart doth gore; M.O.A.I.
I may command where I adore.” Why, she may command me.
I may do that I shall be sorry for.
I may not breathe my censure What he might be.
I may not leave it so.
I may not, madam.
I may say “thrusting” it, For piercing steel and darts envenomèd Shall be as welcome to the ears of Brutus As tidings of this sight.
I may sit in a corner and cry, “Heigh-ho for a husband!” Lady Beatrice, I will get you one.
I mean in singing.
I mean not cuckold mad, But sure he is stark mad.
I mean that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it.
I mean, an we be in choler, we’ll draw.
I mean, in a sort.
I mean, my head upon your lap?
I mean, she is the list of my voyage.
I mean, sir, for his weapon.
I mean, the Lord Protector.
I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
I mean, to go, sir, to enter.
I meant plain holy thistle.
I meddle with no tradesman’s matters nor women’s matters, but withal I am indeed, sir, a surgeon to old shoes.
I met her deity Cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her.
I met the duke yesterday and had much question with him.
I met the youthful lord at Lawrence' cell, And gave him what becomèd love I might, Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
I might ask you for your commission, but I do take thee, Orlando, for my husband.
I might call him A thing divine, for nothing natural I ever saw so noble.
I might do ’t as well i' th' dark.
I might have saved her.
I muse why she’s at liberty.
I must and will have Katherine to my wife.
I must another way To fetch a ladder, by the which your love Must climb a bird’s nest soon when it is dark.
I must attend mine office, Or would have done ’t myself.
I must attend on Caesar.
I must attend the duke at dinner.
I must away this night toward Padua, And it is meet I presently set forth.
I must be circumstanced.
I must be cruel only to be kind.
I must be gone.
I must be gone.
I must be idle.
I must be laughed at If or for nothing or a little, I Should say myself offended, and with you Chiefly i’ th’ world; more laughed at, that I should Once name you derogately, when to sound your name It not concerned me.
I must be one of these same dumb wise men, For Gratiano never lets me speak.
I must believe my master; else, I promise you, I should be arguing still upon that doubt.
I must catechise you for it, madonna.
I must confess your offer is the best, And, let your father make her the assurance, She is your own; else, you must pardon me.
I must discontinue your company.
I must eat my dinner.
I must embrace thee.
I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves.
I must fetch his necessaries ashore.
I must go in.
I must go seek some dewdrops here  And hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear.
I must go with you to Belmont.
I must have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on whom I please, for so fools have.
I must hence to wait.
I must leave them and seek some better service.
I must leave you.
I must love you and sue to know you better.
I must needs after him, madam, with my letter.
I must needs report the truth.
I must needs tell thee all.
I must not say no.
I must obey.
I must Once in a month recount what thou hast been, Which thou forget’st.
I must perforce Have shown to thee such a declining day, Or look on thine.
I must perforce.
I must remove Some thousands of these logs and pile them up, Upon a sore injunction.
I must stay with the lackeys with the luggage of our camp.
I must take out the work?
I must talk a word with you.
I must tell you then.
I must to the barber’s, monsieur, for methinks I am marvelous hairy about the face.
I must with haste from hence.
I must, she’ll rail in the street else.
I myself could make A chough of as deep chat.
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed.
I myself.
I ne'er saw this before.
I need not to be ashamed of your Majesty, praised be God, so long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I neither know it nor can learn of him.
I never can see him but I am heartburned an hour after.
I never did deny it.
I never did her any, to my knowledge.
I never did like molestation view On the enchafèd flood.
I never felt it till now—Two thousand ducats in that, and other precious, precious jewels.
I never gave him any.
I never gave him cause.
I never gave him token.
I never got him.— Hark, the duke’s trumpets.
I never hated thee.
I never heard a passion so confused, So strange, outrageous, and so variable, As the dog Jew did utter in the streets.
I never heard So musical a discord, such sweet thunder.
I never hurt you.
I never knew woman love man so.
I never looked for better at his hands After he once fell in with Mistress Shore.
I never may believe These antique fables nor these fairy toys.
I never saw a better-fashioned gown, More quaint, more pleasing, nor more commendable.
I never saw a woman, But only Sycorax my dam and she.
I never saw an action of such shame.
I never saw her till this time.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the chain, so help me heaven, And this is false you burden me withal.
I never saw you in my life till now.
I never shall endure her.
I never spake with her in all my life.
I never sued to friend, nor enemy; My tongue could never learn sweet smoothing word.
I never thought him worse.
I never was nor never will be false.
I not doubt He came alive to land.
I noted her not, but I looked on her.
I now perceive it was not altogether your brother’s evil disposition made him seek his death, but a provoking merit set awork by a reprovable badness in himself.
I now repent I told the pursuivant, As too triumphing, how mine enemies Today at Pomfret bloodily were butchered, And I myself secure in grace and favor.
I nursed her daughter that you talked withal.
I oft delivered from his forfeitures Many that have at times made moan to me.
I often came where I did hear of her, but cannot find her.
I once did lend my body for his wealth, Which but for him that had your husband’s ring Had quite miscarried.
I once more take my leave.
I once writ a sonnet in his praise and began thus: “Wonder of nature—”  I have heard a sonnet begin so to one’s mistress.
I one, my lord.
I only speak right on.
I overheard him and his practices.
I owe you much, and, like a willful youth, That which I owe is lost.
I owe you none till I receive the chain.
I pant for life.
I pardon that man’s life.
I partly feel thee.
I partly guess, for I have loved ere now.
I partly know the man.
I passed, methought, the melancholy flood, With that sour ferryman which poets write of, Unto the kingdom of perpetual night.
I pause for a reply.
I perceive these lords At this encounter do so much admire That they devour their reason and scarce think Their eyes do offices of truth, their words Are natural breath.—But howsoev'r you have Been justled from your senses, know for certain That I am Prospero and that very duke Which was thrust forth of Milan, who most strangely Upon this shore where you were wracked, was landed, To be the lord on ’t.
I peseech you heartily, scurvy, lousy knave, at my desires, and my requests, and my petitions, to eat, look you, this leek.
I pitied thee, Took pains to make thee speak, taught thee each hour One thing or other.
I pity thy complaining.
I pity you.
I pray God he be not, I say.
I pray now, keep below.
I pray the gods she may, with all my heart!
I pray thee tell me truly how thou lik’st her.
I pray thee, bear my former answer back.
I pray thee, cease thy counsel, Which falls into mine ears as profitless As water in a sieve.
I pray thee, chide not.
I pray thee, do not mock me, fellow student.
I pray thee, get us some excellent music, for tomorrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero’s chamber window
I pray thee, give it me.
I pray thee, good Horatio, wait upon him.
I pray thee, good Mercutio, let’s retire.
I pray thee, hear me speak.
I pray thee, hold thy peace.
I pray thee, if it stand with honesty, Buy thou the cottage, pasture, and the flock, And thou shalt have to pay for it of us.
I pray thee, let us go and find him out And quicken his embracèd heaviness With some delight or other.
I pray thee, mark me.
I pray thee, moralize them.
I pray thee, overname them.
I pray thee, peace.
I pray thee, Rosalind, sweet my coz, be merry.
I pray thee, sing, and let me woo no more.
I pray thee, tell me then that he is well.
I pray you all, If you have hitherto concealed this sight, Let it be tenable in your silence still.
I pray you all, stand up.
I pray you and beseech you that you will.
I pray you bring me on the way a little And say if I shall see you soon at night.
I pray you call them in.
I pray you do.
I pray you leave me.
I pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill- favoredly.
I pray you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks.
I pray you now receive them.
I pray you sir, go forth And give us truth who ’tis that is arrived.
I pray you stand good father to me now.
I pray you tell Benedick of it and hear what he will say.
I pray you tell me your remedy.
I pray you tell me.
I pray you tell your brother how well I counterfeited.
I pray you watch about Signior Leonato’s door, for the wedding being there tomorrow, there is a great coil tonight.
I pray you, choose another subject.
I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash, your mother, and to Master Peascod, your father.
I pray you, dissuade him from her.
I pray you, fail me not.
I pray you, father, being weak, seem so.
I pray you, give me leave to go from hence.
I pray you, give me leave.
I pray you, go Along with me.
I pray you, good Bassanio, let me know it.
I pray you, have a continent forbearance till the speed of his rage goes slower.
I pray you, hear her speak.
I pray you, husband, be not so disquiet.
I pray you, is my master yet returned?
I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner.
I pray you, keep it in.
I pray you, know me when we meet again.
I pray you, leave me.
I pray you, let it stand.
I pray you, let me look upon the bond.
I pray you, let me see it.
I pray you, Let not my jealousies be your dishonors, But mine own safeties.
I pray you, look upon her.
I pray you, master, tell me?
I pray you, one of you question yond man, if he for gold will give us any food.
I pray you, pardon me.
I pray you, pass with your best violence.
I pray you, remember the porter.
I pray you, rise.
I pray you, see him presently discharged, For he is bound to sea, and stays but for it.
I pray you, sir, dispatch.
I pray you, sir, hold your hand.
I pray you, sir, my ring or else the chain.
I pray you, sir, take patience.
I pray you, sir, what is he?
I pray you, sirs, lie in my tent and sleep.
I pray you, speak not.
I pray you, tell it.
I pray you, tell my lord and father, madam, I will not marry yet.
I pray you, then, in love and dear alliance, Let that one article rank with the rest, And thereupon give me your daughter.
I pray you, turn the key and keep our counsel.
I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger.
I pray you, what is he?
I pray you, what thinks he of our estate?
I pray you, will you take him by the arm?
I pray you.
I pray, sir, can you read?
I pray, sir, tell me, is it possible That love should of a sudden take such hold?
I pray, weep not.
I prithee let me have it.
I prithee let me hear it.
I prithee name the time, but let it not Exceed three days.
I prithee now, lead the way without any more talking.— Trinculo, the king and all our company else being drowned, we will inherit here.—Here, bear my bottle.—Fellow Trinculo, we’ll fill him by and by again.
I prithee now, ungird thy strangeness and tell me what I shall vent to my lady.
I prithee speak to me as to thy thinkings, As thou dost ruminate, and give thy worst of thoughts The worst of words.
I prithee take the cork out of thy mouth, that I may drink thy tidings.
I prithee—and I’ll pay thee bounteously— Conceal me what I am, and be my aid For such disguise as haply shall become The form of my intent.
I prithee, be gone.
I prithee, boy, run to the senate house.
I prithee, call him back.
I prithee, do so.
I prithee, foolish Greek, depart from me.
I prithee, good Grumio, tell me, how goes the world?
I prithee, hear me speak.
I prithee, let thy wife attend on her, And bring them after in the best advantage.
I prithee, peace.
I prithee, pretty York, who told thee this?
I prithee, pretty youth, let me be better acquainted with thee.
I prithee, put them off.
I prithee, recount some of them.
I prithee, Remember I have done thee worthy service, Told thee no lies, made thee no mistakings, served Without or grudge or grumblings.
I prithee, shepherd, if that love or gold Can in this desert place buy entertainment, Bring us where we may rest ourselves and feed.
I prithee, Strato, stay thou by thy lord.
I prithee, tell me who is it quickly, and speak apace.
I prithee, turn aside and weep for her.
I prithee, vent thy folly somewhere else.
I prithee, who doth he trot withal?
I prithee, who?
I promise you I scarcely know myself.
I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now.
I promise you, my soul is very jocund In the remembrance of so fair a dream.
I protest I love thee.
I protest I take these wise men that crow so at these set kind of fools no better than the fools' zanies.
I protest unto thee— Good heart, and i' faith, I will tell her as much.
I protest, in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.
I put it in the pocket of my gown.
I rather choose To wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you, Than I will wrong such honorable men.
I rather will subject me to the malice Of a diverted blood and bloody brother.
I reasoned with a Frenchman yesterday, Who told me, in the narrow seas that part The French and English, there miscarried A vessel of our country richly fraught.
I remember a mass of things, but nothing distinctly.
I remember him well, and I remember him worthy of thy praise.
I remember The first time ever Caesar put it on.
I remember the story.
I remember thine eyes well enough.
I remember when I was in love I broke my sword upon a stone and bid him take that for coming a- night to Jane Smile.
I remember You did supplant your brother Prospero.
I remember.
I remember.
I repent me much That so I harried him.
I rest much bounden to you.
I Richard’s body have interrèd anew, And on it have bestowed more contrite tears Than from it issued forcèd drops of blood.
I robbed his wound of it.
I said so, dear Katherine; and I must not blush to affirm it.
I said thou hadst a fine wit.
I saw ’t i' the orchard.
I saw ’t not, thought it not, it harmed not me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio part.
I saw her laid low in her kindred’s vault And presently took post to tell it you.
I saw him not.
I saw him once.
I saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that
I saw him yesterday”—or “t' other day,” Or then, or then, with such or such—“and, as you say, There was he gaming, there o'ertook in’s rouse, There falling out at tennis,” or, perchance, “I saw him enter such a house of sale”—   Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown (yet ’twas not a crown neither, ’twas one of these coronets) and, as I told you, he put it by once—but, for all that, to my thinking, he would fain have had it.
I saw no man use you at his pleasure.
I saw Othello’s visage in his mind, And to his honors and his valiant parts Did I my soul and fortunes consecrate.
I saw the Duchess of Milan’s gown that they praise so.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw thee late at the Count Orsino’s.
I saw them not.
I say “amen.”
I say “thy husband”—dost understand the word?
I say a devil.
I say a husband.
I say again, give out That Anne my queen is sick and like to die.
I say amen to her.
I say amen, Gonzalo.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.
I say he shall go to prison.
I say I love thee more than he can do.
I say I will make him eat some part of my leek, or I will peat his pate four days.—Bite, I pray you.
I say it is the moon that shines so bright.
I say it is the moon.
I say my daughter is my flesh and blood.
I say my prayers aloud.
I say she never did invent this letter.
I say she shall.—And first begin with her.
I say thou hast belied mine innocent child.
I say thy husband.
I say to you this house is dark.
I say unto thee, I bid thy master cutout the gown, but I did not bid him cut it to pieces.
I say you are not.
I say, but mark his gesture.
I say, by sorcery he got this isle.
I say, it is not lost.
I say, O Caesar, Antony is dead.
I say, remember.
I say, there is no darkness but ignorance, in which thou art more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog.
I say, this house is as dark as ignorance, though ignorance were as dark as hell.
I say, we will have no more marriages.
I scorn you not.
I see a voice.
I see a woman may be made a fool If she had not a spirit to resist.
I see him rouse himself To praise my noble act.
I see that thou art poor.
I see the business.
I see the jewel best enamelèd Will lose his beauty.
I see the ruin of my house.
I see these witches are afraid of swords.
I see this hath a little dashed your spirits.
I see thou know’st me not.
I see thy age and dangers make thee dote.
I see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me.
I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment.
I see you do not mean to part with her, Or else you like not of my company.
I see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books.
I see, sir, you are eaten up with passion.
I see, sir, you are liberal in offers.
I see, sir, you have found the goldsmith now.
I sent for thee upon a sad occasion.
I sent you money, sir, to be your bail By Dromio, but I think he brought it not.
I serve as good a man as you.
I serve the king, On whose employment I was sent to you.
I serve you, madam.
I set him there, sir, but his own disorders Deserved much less advancement.
I shaked you, sir, and cried.
I shall answer for her.
I shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you can the getting up of the Negro’s belly.
I shall attend you presently at your tent.
I shall be constrained in ’t to call thee knave, knight.
I shall be much bound to you for ’t.
I shall be pinched to death.
I shall be reconciled to him again.
I shall be saved by my husband.
I shall be there before thee.
I shall break The cause of our expedience to the Queen And get her leave to part.
I shall deliver so.
I shall desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Cobweb.
I shall devise something.
I shall do ’t.
I shall do my friends no wrong, for I have none to lament me; the world no injury, for in it I have nothing.
I shall do well.
I shall do’t, my lord.
I shall entreat him To answer like himself.
I shall fall.
I shall find time, Cassius, I shall find time.
I shall grow jealous of you shortly, Launcelot, if you thus get my wife into corners.
I shall have glory by this losing day More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto.
I shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.
I shall miss thee, But yet thou shalt have freedom.—So, so, so.— To the king’s ship, invisible as thou art.
I shall never see my gold again.
I shall not look upon his like again.
I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower.
I shall obey you in all fair commands.
I shall obey you.
I shall obey, my lord.
I shall offend, either to detain or give it.
I shall remember.
I shall return before your Lordship thence.
I shall see thee, ere I die, look pale with love.
I shall serve you, sir, Truly, however else.
I shall take it, sir.
I shall the effect of this good lesson keep As watchman to my heart.
I shall win at the odds.
I shall, King Harry.
I shall, my lord.
I shall, my lord.
I shall.
I shifted him away And laid good ’scuses upon your ecstasy,
I should be angry with you if the time were convenient.
I should be wise, for honesty’s a fool And loses that it works for.
I should ev'n die with pity To see another thus.
I should first tell thee how the Prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter.
I should have been a sore one then.
I should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl.
I should have given ’t you today morning, but as a madman’s epistles are no gospels, so it skills not much when they are delivered.
I should have known no less.
I should know that voice.
I should not then ask Casca what had chanced.
I should not urge thy duty past thy might.
I should sin To think but nobly of my grandmother.
I should venture purgatory for ’t.
I slept the next night well, fed well, was free and merry.
I speak but as I find.
I speak but brotherly of him, but should I anatomize him to thee as he is, I must blush and weep, and thou must look pale and wonder.
I speak but in the figures and comparisons of it.
I speak in understanding.
I speak no treason.
I speak not as in absolute fear of you.
I speak not like a dotard nor a fool, As under privilege of age to brag What I have done being young, or what would do Were I not old.
I speak not this that you should bear a good opinion of my knowledge, insomuch I say I know you are.
I speak not to disprove what Brutus spoke, But here I am to speak what I do know.
I speak not yet of proof.
I speak to thee plain soldier.
I speak too loud.— Where’s Malvolio?
I spoke with his man.
I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack.
I stand dishonored, that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale.
I stand for judgment.
I stand here for law.
I stand on sudden haste.
I stay here on my bond.
I stay too long from her.
I stay too long.
I stretch it out for that word “broad,” which, added to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad goose.
I strike quickly, being moved.
I stumbled when I saw.
I swear ’tis better to be much abused Than but to know ’t a little.
I swear by that which I will lose for thee To prove him false that says I love thee not.
I swear I’ll cuff you if you strike again.
I swear to thee, youth, by the white hand of Rosalind, I am that he, that unfortunate he.
I swear—      By nothing, for this is no oath.
I take ’t ’tis later, sir.
I take it much unkindly That thou, Iago, who hast had my purse As if the strings were thine, shouldst know of this.
I take it your own business calls on you And you embrace th' occasion to depart.
I take my leave at once.
I take my leave of you.
I take no pleasure In aught an eunuch has.
I take pleasure in singing, sir.
I take some joy to say you are because I would be talking of her.
I take this offer then: pay the bond thrice And let the Christian go.
I talked with no man at that hour, my lord.
I tax not you, you elements, with unkindness.
I tell him we shall stay here at the least a month, and he heartily prays some occasion may detain us longer.
I tell thee true.
I tell thee, churlish priest, A ministering angel shall my sister be When thou liest howling.
I tell thee, Constable, my mistress wears his own hair.
I tell thee, I am as well in my wits as any man in Illyria.
I tell thee, I, that thou hast marred her gown.
I tell thee, Kate, ’twas burnt and dried away.
I tell thee, Litio, this is wonderful!
I tell thee, man, ’tis better with me now Than when thou met’st me last where now we meet.
I tell you ’tis not very well.
I tell you true.
I tell you what you shall do.
I tell you, ’tis incredible to believe How much she loves me.
I tell you, ’twill sound harshly in her ears.
I tell you, Captain, if you look in the maps of the 'orld, I warrant you shall find, in the comparisons between Macedon and Monmouth, that the situations, look you, is both alike.
I tell you, he that can lay hold of her Shall have the chinks.
I thank God, I thank God!
I thank his Grace.
I thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care.
I thank it.
I thank my noble lord.
I thank my stars I am happy.
I thank thee for that gird, good Tranio.
I thank thee for that jest.
I thank thee for thy care and honest pains.
I thank thee, Ariel.
I thank thee, good Sir John, with all my heart.
I thank thee, good Tubal.
I thank thee, master.
I thank thee.
I thank thee.
I thank you for your company, but, good faith, I had as lief have been myself alone.
I thank you for your pains and courtesy.
I thank you for your pains.
I thank you most for him.
I thank you, doctor.
I thank you, gentle uncle.
I thank you, madam.
I thank you, sir.
I thank you, valiant Cassio.
I thank you; and be blessed for your good comfort.
I thank you.
I thank you.
I thank your Honor.
I thank your lordship, you have got me one.
I thank your lordship.
I therefore vouch again That with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood Or with some dram, conjured to this effect, He wrought upon her.
I think ’twas Soto that your Honor means.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he be angry indeed.
I think he be transformed into a beast, For I can nowhere find him like a man.
I think he bought his doublet in Italy, his round hose in France, his bonnet in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he brings the money.
I think he only loves the world for him.
I think he thinks upon the savage bull.
I think He told me Paris should have married Juliet.
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple.
I think he will stand very strong with us.
I think he would not wish himself anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, madonna.
I think I can discover him, if you please To get good guard and go along with me.
I think I did, sir.
I think I had.
I think I hear them.—Stand, ho!
I think I told your lordship a year since how much I am in the favor of Margaret, the waiting gentlewoman to Hero.
I think it be, sir.
I think it be.
I think it doth.
I think it freely, and betimes in the morning I will beseech the virtuous Desdemona to undertake for me.
I think it is in Macedon where Alexander is porn.
I think it is not meet Mark Antony, so well beloved of Caesar, Should outlive Caesar.
I think it is the weakness of mine eyes That shapes this monstrous apparition.
I think it is.
I think it lacks of twelve.
I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.
I think it well, my lord.
I think nobly of the soul, and no way approve his opinion.
I think not of them.
I think not so, my lord.
I think of as many matters as he, but I give heaven thanks and make no boast of them.
I think our country sinks beneath the yoke.
I think our father will hence tonight.
I think oxen and wainropes cannot hale them together.
I think she’ll sooner prove a soldier.
I think so too.
I think so, Charmian.
I think that one of them is hereabout, And cannot make away.
I think that thou art just and think thou art not.
I think the best grace of wit will shortly turn into silence, and discourse grow commendable in none only but parrots.
I think the duke will not be spoke withal.
I think the policy of that purpose made more in the marriage than the love of the parties.
I think the sun where he was born Drew all such humors from him.
I think the world’s asleep.
I think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation.
I think there’s never a man in Christendom Can lesser hide his love or hate than he, For by his face straight shall you know his heart.
I think this tale would win my daughter too.
I think thou art an ass.
I think thou art in mind, and so am I. Nay, master, both in mind and in my shape.
I think thou dost.
I think we are too bold upon your rest.
I think we do know the sweet Roman hand.
I think withal There would be hands uplifted in my right; And here from gracious England have I offer Of goodly thousands.
I think you are all mated or stark mad.
I think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb.
I this infer: That many things, having full reference To one consent, may work contrariously, As many arrows loosèd several ways Come to one mark, as many ways meet in one town, As many fresh streams meet in one salt sea, As many lines close in the dial’s center, So may a thousand actions, once afoot, End in one purpose, and be all well borne Without defeat.
I thought all for the best.
I thought so then, I’ll kill myself for grief.
I thought that all things had been savage here, And therefore put I on the countenance Of stern commandment.
I thought the king had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwall.
I thought thou hadst been resolute.
I thought thy heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion.
I to the world am like a drop of water That in the ocean seeks another drop, Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself.
I told him that your father was at Venice, And that you looked for him this day in Padua.
I told him what I thought, and told no more Than what he found himself was apt and true.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking, So full of valor that they smote the air For breathing in their faces, beat the ground For kissing of their feet—yet always bending Towards their project.
I took him sleeping—that is finished too— And the Athenian woman by his side, That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you take pains to thank me.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.” That’s as much as to say, “Any pains that I take for you is as easy as thanks.” If I do not take pity of her, I am a villain.
I trouble thee too much, but thou art willing.
I understand a fury in your words, But not the words.
I understand moreover, upon the Rialto, he hath a third at Mexico, a fourth for England, and other ventures he hath squandered abroad.
I understand not what you mean by this.
I understand not, madam.
I understand thee not.
I urge this childhood proof Because what follows is pure innocence.
I urged you further, then you scratched your head And too impatiently stamped with your foot.
I want more uncles here to welcome me.
I warrant her rags and the
I warrant it is to knight you, Captain.
I warrant it will.
I warrant something from Venice.
I warrant thee.
I warrant thou art a merry fellow and carest for nothing.
I warrant you, madam.
I warrant you, my lord.
I warrant you, sir, The white cold virgin snow upon my heart Abates the ardor of my liver.
I warrant you, you shall find the ceremonies of the wars and the cares of it and the forms of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it to be otherwise.
I warrant you.
I warrant your honor.
I was a fine fool to take it.
I was a gentleman, And then I told you true.
I was about to protest I loved you.
I was adored once too.
I was always plain with you, and so now I speak my agitation of the matter.
I was born free as Caesar.
I was born to speak all mirth and no  matter.
I was contracted to them both.
I was enforced to send it after him.
I was forbid it.
I was hurt under your arm.
I was killed i' th' Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France Until this instant.
I was not born to die on Brutus' sword.
I was of late as petty to his ends As is the morn-dew on the myrtle leaf To his grand sea.
I was provokèd by her sland'rous tongue, That laid their guilt upon my guiltless shoulders.
I was sure your lordship did not give it me.
I was the man i' the moon when time was.
I was the more deceived.
I was the other day talking on the sea-bank with certain Venetians, and thither comes the bauble and, by this hand, she falls me thus about my neck— Crying “O dear Cassio!” as it were.
I was told that by one that knows him better than you.
I was too young that time to value her, But now I know her.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, When in a wood of Crete they bayed the bear With hounds of Sparta.
I was, but I do find more pain in banishment Than death can yield me here by my abode.
I wear it for a memorable honor, For I am Welsh, you know, good countryman.
I weigh it lightly, were it heavier.
I will acquit you.
I will answer you with gait and entrance.
I will ask him for my place again, he shall tell me I am a drunkard.
I will assume thy part in some disguise And tell fair Hero I am Claudio, And in her bosom I’ll unclasp my heart And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale.
I will bandy with thee in faction.
I will be angry.
I will be bitter with him and passing short.
I will be brief, for my short date of breath Is not so long as is a tedious tale.
I will be correspondent to command And do my spiriting gently.
I will be deaf to pleading and excuses.
I will be faithful.
I will be flesh and blood, For there was never yet philosopher That could endure the toothache patiently, However they have writ the style of gods And made a push at chance and sufferance.
I will be free from thee.
I will be gone, sir, and not trouble you.
I will be hanged else!
I will be hanged, if some eternal villain, Some busy and insinuating rogue, Some cogging, cozening slave, to get some office, Have not devised this slander.
I will be heard.
I will be here again, even with a thought.
I will be mild and gentle in my words.
I will be more jealous of thee than a Barbary cock- pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than a parrot against rain, more newfangled than an ape, more giddy in my desires than a monkey.
I will be near to second your attempt, and he shall fall between us.
I will be proud, I will read politic authors, I will baffle Sir Toby, I will wash off gross acquaintance, I will be point- devise the very man.
I will be satisfied.
I will be strange, stout, in yellow stockings, and cross-gartered, even with the swiftness of putting on.
I will be treble-sinewed, -hearted, -breathed, And fight maliciously.
I will bestow a breakfast to make you friends; and we’ll be all three sworn brothers to France.
I will bestow you where you shall have time To speak your bosom freely.
I will bite my thumb at them, which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it.
I will bite thee by the ear for that jest.
I will bring you thither.
I will but spend a word here in the house And go with you.
I will carry no crotchets.
I will challenge him.
I will chop her into messes!
I will come again.
I will compound this strife.
I will condole in some measure.—To the rest.—Yet my chief humor is for a tyrant.
I will confess it to all the 'orld.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will construe to them whence you come.
I will deal in poison with thee, or in bastinado, or in steel.
I will debate this matter at more leisure And teach your ears to list me with more heed.
I will deliver you or else lie for you.
I will deny thee nothing!
I will depart in quiet And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry.
I will deserve your pains.
I will desire you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals.
I will die bravely, like a smug bridegroom.
I will die, And leave him all.
I will discharge it in either your straw-color beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French crown-color beard, your perfect yellow.
I will discharge thee ere I go from thee.
I will dispatch it straight.
I will do ’t, my lord.
I will do ’t.
I will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good husband.
I will do any thing, Nerissa, ere I’ll be married to a sponge.
I will do everything that thou wilt have me.
I will do so.
I will do so.
I will do this, if you can bring it to any opportunity.
I will employ thee back again; I find thee Most fit for business.
I will expect you.
I will fall prostrate at his feet And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to come in person hither And take perforce my husband from the Abbess.
I will fetch him.
I will fetch up your goats, Audrey.
I will fetch you light, and paper, and ink.
I will follow you.
I will follow.
I will forestall their repair hither and say you are not fit.
I will forget my nature.
I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they list.
I will give him some relief if it be but for that.
I will give out divers schedules of my beauty.
I will give thee mine.
I will give treason his payment into plows, I warrant you.
I will give you the minstrel.
I will go along.
I will go before, sir.— Mistress, look out at window, for all this.
I will go call the watch.
I will go lose myself And wander up and down to view the city.
I will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes that you can devise to send me on.
I will go seek him.—Cassio, walk hereabout.
I will go seek the king.
I will go with thee.
I will have it all mine.
I will have my bond.
I will have my revenge ere I depart his house.
I will have none on ’t.
I will have nothing else but only this.
I will have such revenges on you both That all the world shall—I will do such things— What they are yet I know not, but they shall be The terrors of the earth.
I will hear Brutus speak.
I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons When severally we hear them renderèd.
I will hear further reason for this.
I will hear that play.
I will help you to ’t.
I will hence tonight.
I will here be with thee presently, and if I bring thee not something to eat, I will give thee leave to die.
I will here shroud till the dregs of the storm be past.
I will hide me in the arbor.
I will hold friends with you, lady.
I will incontinently drown myself.
I will indeed no longer endure it, nor am I yet persuaded to put up in peace what already I have foolishly suffered.
I will kill thee a hundred and fifty ways.
I will kiss thy lips.
I will kiss your hand, and so I leave you.
I will laugh like a hyena, and that when thou art inclined to sleep.
I will lay trust upon thee, and thou shalt find a dearer father in my love.
I will leave him.
I will leave you now to your gossip-like humor.
I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be buried in thy eyes—and moreover, I will go with thee to thy uncle’s.
I will look further into ’t.
I will look him and privily relieve him.
I will make fast the doors and gild myself With some more ducats, and be with you straight.
I will make myself known to Desdemona.
I will make your peace with him if I can.
I will meditate the while upon some horrid message for a challenge.
I will neither be faced nor braved.
I will none of your money.
I will none.
I will not be long from you.
I will not be sworn but love may transform me to an oyster, but I’ll take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool.
I will not budge for no man’s pleasure, I.
I will not change my horse with any that treads but on four pasterns.
I will not choose what many men desire Because I will not jump with common spirits And rank me with the barbarous multitudes.
I will not come.
I will not desire that.
I will not disclose 'em.
I will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee.
I will not do them wrong.
I will not fail you.
I will not fail.
I will not give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands to be paid from the Sophy.
I will not go today, and ere I do It shall be what o'clock I say it is.
I will not have to do with you.
I will not hear thee speak.
I will not hold thee long.
I will not hurt him.
I will not leave him now till Cassio Be called to him.—How is ’t with you, my lord?
I will not long be troubled with you.
I will not rise unless your Highness hear me.
I will not say so, for fear I should be faced out of my way.
I will not say you shall see a masque, but if you do then it was not for nothing that my nose fell a-bleeding on Black Monday last at six o'clock i' th' morning falling out that year on Ash Wednesday was four year in th' afternoon.
I will not shame myself to give you this.
I will not sleep, Hortensio, till I see her, And therefore let me be thus bold with you To give you over at this first encounter, Unless you will accompany me thither.
I will not sleep, my lord, till I have delivered your letter.
I will not speak with her.
I will not stay behind.
I will not stay to offend you.
I will not stay tonight for all the town.
I will not sup tonight.
I will not swear these are my hands.
I will not take her on gift of any man.
I will not think it.
I will not till I please.
I will not trouble thee, my child.
I will not trouble you As yet to question you about your fortunes.— Give us some music, and, good cousin, sing.
I will not.
I will o'erlook thy paper.
I will o’ertake thee, Cleopatra, and Weep for my pardon.
I will omit no opportunity That may convey my greetings, love, to thee.
I will on with my speech in your praise and then show you the heart of my message.
I will only be bold with Benedick for his company, for from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot he is all mirth.
I will owe thee an answer for that.
I will physic your rankness and yet give no thousand crowns neither.—Holla, Dennis!
I will piece out the comfort with what addition I can.
I will plague them all, Even to roaring.
I will plant you two, and let the fool make a third, where he shall find the letter.
I will play the swan.
I will possess you of that ship and treasure.
I will praise any man that will praise me, though it cannot be denied what I have done by land.
I will preach to thee.
I will presently go learn their day of marriage.
I will proclaim my name about the field.
I will prove it legitimate, sir, upon the oaths of judgment and reason.
I will read it.— How much unlike art thou to Portia!
I will requite your loves.
I will resolve you herein presently.
I will return again into the house and desire some conduct of the lady.
I will reward thee Once for thy sprightly comfort and tenfold For thy good valor.
I will run, fiend.
I will run.
I will say for you.
I will say nothing.
I will say so.
I will see them.
I will seek him, sir, presently, convey the business as I shall find means, and acquaint you withal.
I will seek Some way to leave him.
I will send for him, and question him yourself.
I will set down what comes from her, to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly.
I will show myself a tyrant.
I will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him.
I will so.
I will speak daggers to her but use none.
I will speak lower.
I will speak to this fellow.—Whose grave’s this, sirrah?
I will stand, and so shall Trinculo.
I will stop your mouth.
I will survey th' inscriptions back again.
I will talk further with you.
I will tell you everything, right as it fell out.
I will tell you why.
I will tell you.
I will the banner from a trumpet take And use it for my haste.
I will then give it you soundly.
I will this night, In several hands, in at his windows throw, As if they came from several citizens, Writings all tending to the great opinion That Rome holds of his name, wherein obscurely Caesar’s ambition shall be glancèd at.
I will to Egypt.
I will to Venice.
I will tomorrow— And betimes I will—to the weird sisters.
I will unto Venice To buy apparel 'gainst the wedding day.
I will verify as much in his beard.
I will walk by.
I will walk up and down here and I will sing, that they shall hear I am not afraid.
I will watch tonight.
I will weary you then no longer with idle talking.
I will weep for nothing, like Diana in the fountain, and I will do that when you are disposed to be merry.
I will weep for thee, For this revolt of thine methinks is like Another fall of man.—Their faults are open.
I will weep.
I will withdraw To furnish me with some swift means of death For the fair devil.
I will, and know her mind early tomorrow.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will, my lord, with all convenient haste.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, sir.
I will.
I will.
I wis, your grandam had a worser match.
I wish him joy of her.
I wish it might, for now I am your fool.
I wish mine eyes Would with themselves shut up my thoughts.
I wish you all joy of the worm.
I wish you well, and so I take my leave.
I wish your Worship well.
I wish, forbear.
I with the morning’s love have oft made sport, And like a forester the groves may tread Even till the eastern gate, all fiery red, Opening on Neptune with fair blessèd beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams.
I wonder at it.
I wonder at this haste, that I must wed Ere he, that should be husband, comes to woo.
I wonder if the lion be to speak.
I wonder none of you have thought of him.
I wonder of their being here together.
I wonder that you will still be talking, Signor Benedick.
I wonder what it bodes.
I wot well where he is.
I would be friends with you and have your love, Forget the shames that you have stained me with, Supply your present wants and take no doit Of usance for my moneys—and you’ll not hear me!
I would be loath to cast away my speech, for besides that it is excellently well penned, I have taken great pains to con it.
I would be loath to have you overflown with a honey bag, signor.
I would be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as oft with your master as with my mistress: I think I saw your wisdom there.
I would breed from hence occasions, and I shall, That I may speak.
I would cure you if you would but call me Rosalind and come every day to my cote and woo me.
I would do much T' atone them, for the love I bear to Cassio.
I would eat his heart in the marketplace.
I would entreat you rather to put on Your boldest suit of mirth, for we have friends That purpose merriment.
I would exult, man.
I would fain learn to lie.
I would fain prove so.
I would forget it fain, But oh, it presses to my memory, Like damnèd guilty deeds to sinners' minds.
I would give all my fame for a pot of ale, and safety.
I would have all well betwixt you.
I would have blowed up the town, so Chrish save me, la, in an hour.
I would have daffed all other respects and made her half myself.
I would have had thee there and here again Ere I can tell thee what thou shouldst do there.
I would have her learn, my fair cousin, how perfectly I love her, and that is good English.
I would have him nine years a-killing.
I would have made it short, for I was come to the whole depth of my tale, and meant, indeed, to occupy the argument no longer.
I would have my bond.
I would have none but knaves follow it since a fool gives it.
I would have such a fellow whipped for o'erdoing Termagant.
I would have sworn it had, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I would have thought her spirit had been invincible against all assaults of affection.
I would have you.
I would he had boarded me.
I would he knew that I had saved his brother.
I would I could see this taborer.
I would I had been there.
I would I had thy inches.
I would I had your bond, for I perceive A weak bond holds you.
I would I knew thy heart.
I would I were as sure of a good dinner.
I would I were at home.
I would I were invisible, to catch the strong fellow by the leg.
I would I were senseless, sir, that I might not feel your blows.
I would I were thy bird.
I would I were, to be revenged on thee.
I would it might be hangers till then.
I would it might prove the end of his losses.
I would kiss before I spoke.
I would know that.
I would lose all—ay, sacrifice them all Here to this devil—to deliver you.
I would my daughter were dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear!
I would my father looked but with my eyes.
I would my horse had the speed of your tongue and so good a continuer.
I would not be cured, youth.
I would not be mad.
I would not be the villain that thou think’st For the whole space that’s in the tyrant’s grasp, And the rich East to boot.
I would not change it.
I would not change this hue Except to steal your thoughts, my gentle queen.
I would not deny you, but, by this good day, I yield upon great persuasion, and partly to save your life, for I was told you were in a consumption.
I would not follow him then.
I would not for the wealth of all the town Here in my house do him disparagement.
I would not for the world they saw thee here.
I would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys.
I would not have him miscarry for the half of my dowry.
I would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body.
I would not hear your enemy say so, Nor shall you do mine ear that violence, To make it truster of your own report Against yourself.
I would not kill thy unpreparèd spirit.
I would not marry her, though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgressed.
I would not see ’t.
I would not so much as make water but in a sink-a-pace.
I would not spare my brother in this case If he should scorn me so apparently.
I would rather have one of your father’s getting.
I would scarce trust myself, though I had sworn the contrary, if Hero would be my wife.
I would she had bestowed this dotage on me.
I would she were in heaven, so she could Entreat some power to change this currish Jew.
I would sing my song without a burden.
I would speak with Clarence, and I came hither on my legs.
I would the fool were married to her grave!
I would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoined to pile!
I would therefore my sister had no name, sir.
I would these dewy tears were from the ground.
I would they were, that I might die at once, For now they kill me with a living death.
I would they’d fight i’ th’ fire or i’ th’ air, We’d fight there too.
I would thou couldst stammer, that thou might’st pour this concealed man out of thy mouth as wine comes out of a narrow-mouthed bottle—either too much at once, or none at all.
I would thou couldst.
I would thou hadst been son to some man else.
I would thou hadst my bones and I thy news.
I would thou hadst told me of another father.
I would thou wert so happy by thy stay To hear true shrift.—Come, madam, let’s away.
I would to God all strifes were well compounded.
I would try, if I could cry “hem” and have him.
I would we were well rid of this knavery.
I would you were as I would have you be!
I would your duty were as foolish too.
I would your grace would constrain me to tell.
I wrote to you When rioting in Alexandria.
I your commission will forthwith dispatch, And he to England shall along with you.
I your servant.
I, as I may—that which I would I cannot,— With best advantage will deceive the time, And aid thee in this doubtful shock of arms.
I, by attorney, bless thee from thy mother, Who prays continually for Richmond’s good.
I, for my part, knew the tailor that made the wings she flew withal.
I, gentle mistress.
I, madam?
I, not remembering how I cried out then, Will cry it o'er again.
I, sir, am Dromio.
I, sir?
I, thus neglecting worldly ends, all dedicated To closeness and the bettering of my mind With that which, but by being so retired, O'erprized all popular rate, in my false brother Awaked an evil nature.
I.
I' faith, coz, ’tis he.
I' faith, he’ll have a lusty widow now That shall be wooed and wedded in a day.
I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.
I' faith, I thank him.
I' faith, i' faith, and both in a tune like two gypsies on a horse.
I' faith, or I either?
I' faith, sir, you shall never need to fear.
I' th' air or th' earth?
I' th' clout, i' th' clout.
I' th' mire.
I’d have thee live, For in my sense ’tis happiness to die.
I’ll able 'em.
I’ll about And drive away the vulgar from the streets.
I’ll after him, and see the event of this.
I’ll answer that.
I’ll apprehend him.
I’ll ask them.
I’ll assure you, he uttered as prave words at the pridge as you shall see in a summer’s day.
I’ll attend her here And woo her with some spirit when she comes.
I’ll back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him so.
I’ll be at charges for a looking glass And entertain a score or two of tailors To study fashions to adorn my body.
I’ll be at thy elbow.
I’ll be before thee.
I’ll be gone.
I’ll be sworn, if thou be Launcelot, thou art mine own flesh and blood.
I’ll be thy second.
I’ll be with thee betimes.
I’ll be with thee straight.
I’ll be your foil, Laertes.
I’ll be your purse-bearer and leave you For an hour.
I’ll bear thy blame And take thy office from thee, on my peril.
I’ll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle.
I’ll board him presently.
I’ll bring my wood home faster.
I’ll bring thee word Straight how ’tis like to go.
I’ll bring you thither, my lord, if you’ll vouchsafe me.
I’ll bring you to him straight.
I’ll bring you to him.
I’ll buckler thee against a million.
I’ll bury thee in a triumphant grave.
I’ll call Sir Toby the whilst.
I’ll call thee “Hamlet,” “King,” “Father,” “royal Dane.” O, answer me!
I’ll call upon you ere you go to bed And tell you what I know.
I’ll call upon you straight.
I’ll carry it to the pile.
I’ll catch it ere it come to ground.
I’ll claim that promise at your Grace’s hands.
I’ll come to him.
I’ll come to thee straight.
I’ll confine myself no finer than I am.
I’ll court his favors.
I’ll cross it though it blast me.—Stay, illusion!
I’ll devil-porter it no further.
I’ll die for ’t but some woman had the ring.
I’ll do ’t, but it dislikes me.
I’ll do ’t, my lord.
I’ll do ’t.
I’ll do my best To woo your lady— Whoe'er I woo, myself would be his wife.
I’ll do the service of a younger man In all your business and necessities.
I’ll drain him dry as hay.
I’ll drink for you.
I’ll drink to her as long as there is a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria.
I’ll end my exhortation after dinner.
I’ll entreat for thee.
I’ll fetch my sister to get her goodwill.
I’ll fetch some flax and whites of eggs To apply to his bleeding face.
I’ll fetch the general’s surgeon.— Save you your labor.—He that lies slain here, Cassio, Was my dear friend.
I’ll fetch them, sir.
I’ll fight at sea.
I’ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked.
I’ll find out your man, And he shall signify from time to time Every good hap to you that chances here.
I’ll find Romeo To comfort you.
I’ll fish for thee and get thee wood enough.
I’ll follow him no more with bootless prayers.
I’ll follow it.
I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so well.
I’ll follow this good man, and go with you; And, having sworn truth, ever will be true.
I’ll follow you.
I’ll fume with them!” And with that word she struck me on the head, And through the instrument my pate made way,
I’ll get me to a place more void, and there Speak to great Caesar as he comes along.
I’ll give ’t him.
I’ll give you a verse to this note that I made yesterday in despite of my invention.
I’ll go alone.
I’ll go along, no such sight to be shown, But to rejoice in splendor of mine own.
I’ll go and chat with Paris.
I’ll go another way to work with him.
I’ll go arm myself.
I’ll go farther off.
I’ll go find a shadow and sigh till he come.
I’ll go with you.
I’ll grow a talker for this gear.
I’ll halt after.
I’ll have an action of battery against him if there be any law in Illyria.
I’ll have grounds More relative than this.
I’ll have her, but I will not keep her long.
I’ll have my bond, and therefore speak no more.
I’ll have my bond.
I’ll have no bigger.
I’ll have no halves.
I’ll have no speaking.
I’ll have no worse a name than Jove’s own page, And therefore look you call me Ganymede.
I’ll have some proof.
I’ll have the work ta'en out And give ’t Iago.
I’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I’ll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders Before I’ll see the crown so foul misplaced.
I’ll have this knot knit up tomorrow morning.
I’ll help you to a horse.
I’ll help you, Sir Toby, because we’ll be dressed together.
I’ll hold my mind were she an Ethiope.
I’ll humbly signify what in his name, That magical word of war, we have effected: How with his banners and his well-paid ranks The ne’er-yet-beaten horse of Parthia We have jaded out o’ th’ field.
I’ll in to counsel them.
I’ll join with black despair against my soul And to myself become an enemy.
I’ll keep my oath Patiently to bear my wroth.”
I’ll know his humor when he knows his time.
I’ll know thy thoughts.
I’ll lay fourteen of my teeth—and yet, to my teen be it spoken, I have but four—she is not fourteen.
I’ll leave thee Now like a man of steel.
I’ll leave you, lady.
I’ll leave you.
I’ll look to like if looking liking move.
I’ll make a sop o' th' moonshine of you.
I’ll make division of my present with you.
I’ll make her come, I warrant you, presently.
I’ll make him find him.
I’ll make one too.
I’ll make so bold to call, For ’tis my limited service.
I’ll make the motion.
I’ll make thee an example.
I’ll make you amends next, to give you nothing for something.
I’ll make you quiet.—What, cheerly, my hearts!
I’ll mark the play.
I’ll meet you at that place some hour hence.
I’ll mend it and then play— Where’s the Queen?
I’ll never care what wickedness I do, If this man come to good.
I’ll never see ’t!
I’ll no more of you.
I’ll none now.
I’ll none of it.
I’ll none of it.
I’ll not answer that But say it is my humour.
I’ll not be far from you.
I’ll not be forsworn.
I’ll not be made a soft and dull-eyed fool To shake the head, relent and sigh, and yield To Christian intercessors.
I’ll not be strucken, my lord.
I’ll not believe ’t.
I’ll not budge an inch, boy.
I’ll not deny him anything I have, No, not my body, nor my husband’s bed.
I’ll not endure it.
I’ll not endure it.
I’ll not expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again—This night, Iago!
I’ll not fail, if I live.
I’ll not fight with thee.
I’ll not have it so.
I’ll not meddle with him.
I’ll not meddle with it.
I’ll not to bed tonight.
I’ll not trust your word.
I’ll pay thy pleasure then.
I’ll pheeze you, in faith.
I’ll plague him.
I’ll play the housewife for this once.
I’ll pluck thee berries.
I’ll prove mine honor and mine honesty Against thee presently if thou dar’st stand.
I’ll pull thee by the lesser legs.
I’ll put ’t in proof.
I’ll put a girdle round about the Earth In forty minutes.
I’ll put it on.
I’ll put myself in poor and mean attire And with a kind of umber smirch my face.
I’ll rather dwell in my necessity.
I’ll rather kill myself.
I’ll read the writing.
I’ll rest.
I’ll rhyme you so eight years together, dinners and suppers and sleeping hours excepted.
I’ll ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
I’ll ride your horse as well as I ride you.
I’ll run from thee and hide me in the brakes, And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts.
I’ll seal to such a bond, And say there is much kindness in the Jew.
I’ll see it done.
I’ll see no more.
I’ll see thee hanged on Sunday first.
I’ll sell all my land.
I’ll send my prayers with him.
I’ll send to one in Mantua, Where that same banished runagate doth live, Shall give him such an unaccustomed dram That he shall soon keep Tybalt company.
I’ll serve this duke.
I’ll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate.
I’ll set a bourn how far to be beloved.
I’ll set her on.
I’ll show thee the best springs.
I’ll signify so much unto him straight.
I’ll slit the villain’s nose that would have sent me to the jail.
I’ll speak a prophecy ere I go.
I’ll stay a month longer.
I’ll stay no longer question.
I’ll strike and cry, “Take all.” Well said.
I’ll take my leave.
I’ll talk with this good fellow.
I’ll tarry no longer with you.
I’ll teach you how to flow.
I’ll tear her all to pieces!
I’ll tell my husband, Launcelot, what you say.
I’ll tell the news.
I’ll tell thee ere thou ask it me again.
I’ll tell thee how Beatrice praised thy wit he other day.
I’ll tell thee more of this another time.
I’ll tell thee what, Prince: a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humor.
I’ll tell thee, Aliena, I cannot be out of the sight of Orlando.
I’ll tell thee, Charles: it is the stubbornest young fellow of France, full of ambition, an envious emulator of every man’s good parts, a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural brother.
I’ll tell thee, friend, I am almost mad myself.
I’ll tell you in your ear.
I’ll tell you who time ambles withal, who time trots withal, who time gallops withal, and who he stands still withal.
I’ll tell you, there is good men porn at Monmouth.
I’ll then nor give nor hazard aught for lead.
I’ll to dinner.
I’ll to England.
I’ll to him.
I’ll to my book, For yet ere supper-time must I perform Much business appertaining.
I’ll to my charge.
I’ll to my rest.
I’ll to the friar to know his remedy.
I’ll to the mart, and there for Dromio stay.
I’ll to the throng.
I’ll torture him.
I’ll unhair thy head!
I’ll venture so much of my hawk or hound, But twenty times so much upon my wife.
I’ll wait upon your Lordship.
I’ll warrant him for drowning though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unstanched wench.
I’ll warrant she’ll tax him home.
I’ll wear none but this.
I’ll write straight to my sister To hold my very course.
I’ll write thee a challenge.
I’ll write to him a very taunting letter, And thou shalt bear it.
I’ll yield him thee asleep, Where thou mayst knock a nail into his head.
I’m out of patience.
Iago beckons me.
Iago is most honest.
Iago keeps his word.
Iago, who began ’t?
Iago?
Iago.
Idle old man That still would manage those authorities That he hath given away!
If ’twere no other— 'Tis but so, I warrant.
If ’twere not she, I cannot tell who told me.
If a bloody coxcomb be a hurt, you have hurt me.
If a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived.
If a Jew wrong a Christian, what is his humility?
If a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no longer in monument than the bell rings and the widow weeps.
If a man’s brains were in ’s heels, were ’t not in danger of kibes?
If all else fail, myself have power to die.
If all the devils of hell be drawn in little, and Legion himself possessed him, yet I’ll speak to him.
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him, I will help his ague.
If any bark put forth, come to the mart, Where I will walk till thou return to me.
If any be Trinculo’s legs, these are they.
If any man doubt that, let him put me to my purgation.
If any ship put out, then straight away.
If any such there be, heaven pardon him!
If any, speak—for him have I offended.
If any, speak—for him have I offended.
If but as well I other accents borrow, That can my speech diffuse, my good intent May carry through itself to that full issue For which I razed my likeness.
If by your art, my dearest father, you have Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them.
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers they would have done no less.
If Caesar please, our master Will leap to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, your reproof Were well deserved of rashness.
If consequence do but approve my dream My boat sails freely, both with wind and stream.
If die, be brief, That our swift-wingèd souls may catch the king’s, Or, like obedient subjects, follow him To his new kingdom of ne'er-changing night.
If e'er thou wast thyself and these woes thine, Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fleet, I would esteem him worth a dozen such.
If either of you know any inward impediment why you should not be conjoined, charge you on your souls to utter it.
If ever he go alone again, I’ll never wrestle for prize more.
If ever he have wife, let her be made More miserable by the death of him Than I am made by my poor lord and thee.— Come now towards Chertsey with your holy load, Taken from Paul’s to be interrèd there.
If ever I live to see it, I will challenge it.
If ever I return to you again, I’ll bring you comfort.
If ever thou come to me and say, after tomorrow, “This is my glove,” by this hand I will take thee a box on the ear.
If ever thou wilt thrive, bury my body.
If every of your wishes had a womb, And fertile every wish, a million.
If every one knows us, and we know none, 'Tis time, I think, to trudge, pack, and be gone.
If fortune be not ours today, it is Because we brave her.
If from the field I shall return once more To kiss these lips, I will appear in blood.
If God will be avengèd for this deed, O, know you yet He doth it publicly!
If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news By playing it to me with so sour a face.
If Hamlet give the first or second hit Or quit in answer of the third exchange, Let all the battlements their ordnance fire!
If haply you my father do suspect An instrument of this your calling back, Lay not your blame on me.
If he ask for me, I am ill and gone to bed.
If he awake, From toe to crown he’ll fill our skins with pinches, Make us strange stuff.
If he be absent, bring his brother to me.
If he be leaden, icy, cold, unwilling, Be thou so too, and so break off the talk, And give us notice of his inclination; For we tomorrow hold divided councils, Wherein thyself shalt highly be employed.
If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs.
If he be perjured, see you now, his reputation is as arrant a villain and a Jack Sauce as ever his black shoe trod upon God’s ground and His earth, in my conscience, la.
If he be sad, he wants money.
If he be so resolved, I can o'ersway him.
If he be taken, he shall never more Be feared of doing harm.
If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle.
If he break the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling.
If he cannot, let the botcher mend him.
If he come not, then the play is marred.
If he come tomorrow, I’ll give him his payment.
If he could right himself with quarreling, Some of us would lie low.
If he distaste it, let him to our sister, Whose mind and mine I know in that are one, Not to be overruled.
If he do bleed, I’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal, For it must seem their guilt.
If he do blench, I know my course.
If he do fear God, he must necessarily keep peace.
If he do resist, Subdue him at his peril!
If he do, sure he cannot weep ’t back again.
If he fail of that, He will have other means to cut you off.
If he filled His vacancy with his voluptuousness, Full surfeits and the dryness of his bones Call on him for ’t.
If he have caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pound ere a be cured.
If he have never drunk wine afore, it will go near to remove his fit.
If he have the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, I had rather he should shrive me than wive me.
If he love Caesar, all that he can do Is to himself: take thought and die for Caesar.
If he may be conveniently delivered, I would he were, for I am now so far in offense with my niece that I cannot pursue with any safety this sport to the upshot.
If he please To give me conquered Egypt for my son, He gives me so much of mine own as I Will kneel to him with thanks.
If he say so, may his pernicious soul Rot half a grain a day!
If he were dead, what would betide on me?
If he were dead, you’d weep for him.
If he will not stand when he is bidden, he is none of the Prince’s subjects.
If he will take it, so.
If he, compact of jars, grow musical, We shall have shortly discord in the spheres.
If her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her; she would infect to the north star.
If his cause be wrong, our obedience to the king wipes the crime of it out of us.
If his fitness speaks, mine is ready, now or whensoever, provided I be so able as now.
If I be waspish, best beware my sting.
If I can cross him any way, I bless myself every way.
If I can fasten but one cup upon him, With that which he hath drunk tonight already, He’ll be as full of quarrel and offense As my young mistress' dog.
If I can recover him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him, he’s a present for any emperor that ever trod on neat’s leather.
If I can recover him and keep him tame, I will not take too much for him.
If I could add a lie unto a fault I would deny it.
If I could bid the fifth welcome with so good a heart as I can bid the other four farewell, I should be glad of his approach.
If I could make that resemble something in me—Softly!
If I could pray to move, prayers would move me.
If I could win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back, under the correction of bragging be it spoken, I should quickly leap into a wife.
If I cut my finger, I shall make bold with you.— Your name, honest gentleman?
If I did take the kingdom from your sons, To make amends I’ll give it to your daughter.
If I do die before thee, prithee, shroud me In one of these same sheets.
If I do find him fit, I’ll move your suit And seek to effect it to my uttermost.
If I do live, I will be good to thee.
If I do not love her, I am a Jew.
If I do not put on a sober habit, Talk with respect and swear but now and then, Wear prayer books in my pocket, look demurely— Nay more.
If I do not usurp myself, I am.
If I do prove her haggard, Though that her jesses were my dear heartstrings, I’d whistle her off and let her down the wind To prey at fortune.
If I do so, it will be of more price Being spoke behind your back than to your face.
If I dream not, thou art Emilia.
If I find a hole in his coat, I will tell him my mind.
If I gave them all my living, I’d keep my coxcombs myself.
If I had a thunderbolt in mine eye, I can tell who should down.
If I had thee in Lipsbury pinfold, I would make thee care for me.
If I had, my weapon should quickly have been out, I warrant you.
If I have killed the issue of your womb, To quicken your increase I will beget Mine issue of your blood upon your daughter.
If I know this, know all the world besides, That part of tyranny that I do bear I can shake off at pleasure.
If I last in this service, you must case me in leather.
If I let him go, The debt he owes will be required of me.
If I live to see it, I will never trust his word after.
If I lose a scruple of this sport, let me be boiled to death with melancholy.
If I may trust the flattering truth of sleep, My dreams presage some joyful news at hand.
If I myself, there is no hour so fit As Caesar’s death’s hour, nor no instrument Of half that worth as those your swords, made rich With the most noble blood of all this world.
If I owe you anything, I will pay you in cudgels.
If I quench thee, thou flaming minister, I can again thy former light restore Should I repent me.
If I say sooth, I must report they were As cannons overcharged with double cracks, So they doubly redoubled strokes upon the foe.
If I see anything tonight why I should not marry her, tomorrow in the congregation, where I should wed, there will I shame her.
If I should be?
If I should say, I saw such islanders— For, certes, these are people of the island— Who, though they are of monstrous shape, yet note, Their manners are more gentle-kind than of Our human generation you shall find Many—nay, almost any.
If I should speak, She would mock me into air.
If I should take a displeasure against you, look you—  Thou wert but a lost monster.
If I speak like myself in this, let him be whipped that first finds it so.
If I speak true!
If I stand here, I saw him.
If I think so, I think the same of you.
If I were bound to divine of this unity, I would not prophesy so.
If I were Brutus now and he were Cassius, He should not humor me.
If in Naples I should report this now, would they believe me?
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help, Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this knife I’ll help it presently.
If it assume my noble father’s person, I’ll speak to it, though Hell itself should gape And bid me hold my peace.
If it be a suit from the count, I am sick, or not at home.
If it be found so, some will dear abide it.
If it be love indeed, tell me how much.
If it be man’s work, I’ll do ’t.
If it be mine, Keep it not from me.
If it be not for some purpose of import, Give ’t me again.
If it be not to come, it will be now.
If it be so as so ’tis put on me— And that in way of caution—I must tell you, You do not understand yourself so clearly As it behooves my daughter and your honor.
If it be so, as ’tis, Poor lady, she were better love a dream.
If it be so, It is a chance which does redeem all sorrows That ever I have felt.
If it be that— If it be that, or any that was hers, It speaks against her with the other proofs.
If it be thus to dream, still let me sleep!
If it be true that good wine needs no bush, ’tis true that a good play needs no epilogue.
If it be you that stir these daughters' hearts Against their father, fool me not so much To bear it tamely.
If it be, sir, I pray you, eat none of it.
If it had been painful, I would not have come.
If it might please you to enforce no further The griefs between ye, to forget them quite Were to remember that the present need Speaks to atone you.
If it pass against us, We lose the better half of our possession, For all the temporal lands which men devout By testament have given to the Church Would they strip from us, being valued thus: “As much as would maintain, to the King’s honor, Full fifteen earls and fifteen hundred knights, Six thousand and two hundred good esquires; And, to relief of lazars and weak age Of indigent faint souls past corporal toil, A hundred almshouses right well supplied; And to the coffers of the King besides, A thousand pounds by th' year.” Thus runs the bill.
If it please His Majesty, ’tis the breathing time of day with me.
If it please the eye of one, it is with me as the very true sonnet is, “Please one, and please all.”  Why, how dost thou, man?
If it please you.
If it prove lawful prize, he’s made for ever.
If it shall please you to make me a wholesome answer, I will do your mother’s commandment.
If it were done when ’tis done, then ’twere well It were done quickly.
If it were now to die, 'Twere now to be most happy, for I fear My soul hath her content so absolute That not another comfort like to this Succeeds in unknown fate.
If it were so, it was a grievous fault, And grievously hath Caesar answered it.
If it will not be, I’ll leave you.
If it will not, what remedy?
If it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar as to hear me, I shall beseech him to befriend himself.
If justice cannot tame you, she shall ne'er weigh more reasons in her balance.
If knife, drugs, serpents, have Edge, sting, or operation, I am safe.
If love be blind, love cannot hit the mark.
If love be rough with you, be rough with love.
If love have touched you, naught remains but so:   Gramercies, lad, go forward.
If more thou dost perceive, let me know more.
If more, the more thou’st wronged me.
If much you note him, You shall offend him and extend his passion.
If my heart’s dear love— Well, do not swear.
If my lady have not called up her steward Malvolio and bid him turn you out of doors, never trust me.
If not to answer, you might haply think Tongue-tied ambition, not replying, yielded To bear the golden yoke of sovereignty, Which fondly you would here impose on me.
If not, ’tis true this parting was well made.
If not, adieu.
If not, an it would please you to take leave of her, she is very willing to bid you farewell.
If not, assure yourself I will seek satisfaction of you.
If not, elsewhere they meet with charity.
If not, he foams at mouth and by and by Breaks out to savage madness.
If not, he’s plain.
If not, I’ll die your maid.
If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts.
If not, the Fates with traitors do contrive.
If not, to say to thee that I shall die is true, but for thy love, by the Lord, no.
If not, when you have stomachs.
If not, why then this parting was well made.
If not, your pardon and my return shall be the end of my business.
If one knight give a— Would you have a love song or a song of good life?
If one should be a prey, how much the better To fall before the lion than the wolf!
If only to go warm were gorgeous, Why, nature needs not what thou gorgeous wear’st, Which scarcely keeps thee warm.
If our eyes had authority, here they might take two thieves kissing.
If our father carry authority with such dispositions as he bears, this last surrender of his will but offend us.
If our father would sleep till I waked him, you should enjoy half his revenue forever, and live the beloved of your brother,       Edgar.”  Hum, conspiracy?
If our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men.
If sanctimony and a frail vow betwixt an erring barbarian and supersubtle Venetian be not too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell, thou shalt enjoy her.
If she and I be pleased, what’s that to you?
If she be a traitor, Why so am I.
If she be black, and thereto have a wit, She’ll find a white that shall her blackness fit.
If she be false, heaven mocked itself.
If she be in her chamber or your house, Let loose on me the justice of the state For thus deluding you.
If she confess that she was half the wooer, Destruction on my head if my bad blame Light on the man.—Come hither, gentle mistress.
If she convey Letters to Richmond, you shall answer it.
If she deny to wed, I’ll crave the day When I shall ask the banns and when be marrièd.
If she do bid me pack, I’ll give her thanks, As though she bid me stay by her a week.
If she do, he’ll smile and take ’t for a great favor.
If she find him not, To England send him or confine him where Your wisdom best shall think.
If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the Moor.
If she live long, And in the end meet the old course of death, Women will all turn monsters.
If she lives till doomsday, she’ll burn a week longer than the whole world.
If she should make tender of her love, ’tis very possible he’ll scorn it, for the man, as you know all, hath a contemptible spirit.
If she sustain him and his hundred knights When I have showed th' unfitness— Here, madam.
If she will return me my jewels I will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation.
If she will stir hither, I shall seem to notify unto her.
If sight and shape be true, Why then, my love adieu.
If Signor Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina, as like him as she is.
If Sir Toby would leave drinking, thou wert as witty a piece of Eve’s flesh as any in Illyria.
If so, be patient, sister.
If so, my eyes are oftener washed than hers.
If so, then be not tongue-tied.
If such a one be fit to govern, speak.
If swift thought break it not, a swifter mean Shall outstrike thought, but thought will do ’t, I feel.
If th' other two be brained like us, the state totters.
If that be all, masters, I hear no harm.
If that be to care for nothing, sir, I would it would make you invisible.
If that her breath will mist or stain the stone, Why then, she lives.
If that may be then all is well.
If that same demon that hath gulled thee thus Should with his lion gait walk the whole world, He might return to vasty Tartar back And tell the legions “I can never win A soul so easy as that Englishman’s.” Oh, how hast thou with jealousy infected The sweetness of affiance!
If that the Turkish fleet Be not ensheltered and embayed, they are drowned.
If that this simple syllogism will serve, so.
If that thou be’st a devil, I cannot kill thee.
If that will not suffice, I will be bound to pay it ten times o'er, On forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart.
If that you were the good Sir Rowland’s son, As you have whispered faithfully you were, And as mine eye doth his effigies witness Most truly limned and living in your face, Be truly welcome hither.
If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most prepost'rous conclusions.
If the cat will after kind, So, be sure, will Rosalind.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating coxcomb, is it meet, think you, that we should also, look you, be an ass and a fool and a prating coxcomb, in your own conscience, now?
If the English had any apprehension, they would run away.
If the heavens had been pleased, would we had so ended!
If the ill spirit have so fair a house, Good things will strive to dwell with ’t.
If the matter of this paper be certain, you have mighty business in hand.
If the matter were good, my lord, I durst swear it were his.
If the Prince be too important, tell him there is measure in everything, and so dance out the answer.
If their purgation did consist in words, They are as innocent as grace itself.
If then that friend demand why Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my answer: not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
If then they chanced to slack you, We could control them.
If then true lovers have been ever crossed, It stands as an edict in destiny.
If there be any good thing to be done That may to thee do ease and grace to me, Speak to me.
If there be any impediment, I pray you discover it.
If there be any in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar’s, to him I say that Brutus' love to Caesar was no less than his.
If there be more, more woeful, hold it in.
If there be truth in sight, you are my daughter.
If there be truth in sight, you are my Rosalind.
If there come truth from them— As upon thee, Macbeth, their speeches shine— Why, by the verities on thee made good, May they not be my oracles as well, And set me up in hope?
If there were no more women but Fulvia, then had you indeed a cut, and the case to be lamented.
If they deny to come, Swinge me them soundly forth unto their husbands.
If they do see thee they will murder thee.
If they do this, As, if God please, they shall, my ransom then Will soon be levied.
If they have done this deed, my noble lord— If?
If they make you not then the better answer, you may say they are not the men you took them for.
If they speak but truth of her, These hands shall tear her; if they wrong her honor, The proudest of them shall well hear of it.
If they suffer our departure, death’s the word.
If they will fight with us, bid them come down, Or void the field.
If they’ll do neither, we will come to them And make them skirr away as swift as stones Enforcèd from the old Assyrian slings.
If this be known, Cassius or Caesar never shall turn back, For I will slay myself.
If this be not that you look for, I have no more to say, But bid Bianca farewell forever and a day.
If this be so, why blame you me to love you?
If this be so, why blame you me to love you?
If this fall into thy hand, revolve.
If this letter move him not, his legs cannot.
If this prove A vision of the Island, one dear son Shall I twice lose.
If this uncouth forest yield anything savage, I will either be food for it or bring it for food to thee.
If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
If this were true, then should I know this secret.
If this young gentleman Have done offence, I take the fault on me.
If thou account’st it shame, lay it on me, And therefore frolic!
If thou and nature can so gently part, The stroke of death is as a lover’s pinch, Which hurts, and is desired.
If thou art she, tell me where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft?
If thou ask me why, sufficeth my reasons are both good and weighty.
If thou beest as poor for a subject as he’s for a king, thou'rt poor enough.
If thou beest not immortal, look about you.
If thou beest Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If thou beest Trinculo, come forth.
If thou canst love a fellow of this temper, Kate, whose face is not worth sunburning, that never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there, let thine eye be thy cook.
If thou canst love me for this, take me.
If thou consider rightly of the matter, Caesar has had great wrong.
If thou darest tempt me further, draw thy sword.
If thou delight to view thy heinous deeds, Behold this pattern of thy butcheries.
If thou didst ever hold me in thy heart Absent thee from felicity a while, And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain To tell my story.
If thou didst ever thy dear father love— O God!
If thou didst it, thou art the nonpareil.
If thou dost find him tractable to us, Encourage him and show him all our reasons.
If thou dost I shall never love thee after.
If thou dost love fair Hero, cherish it, And I will break with her and with her father, And thou shalt have her.
If thou dost love me Show me thy thought.
If thou dost play with him at any game, Thou art sure to lose, and of that natural luck He beats thee ’gainst the odds.
If thou doubt it, thou mayst slide from my shoulder to my heel with no greater a run but my head and my neck.
If thou entertainest my love, let it appear in thy smiling.
If thou follow him, thou must needs wear my coxcomb.—How now, nuncle?
If thou hadst feared to break an oath by Him, Th' imperial metal circling now thy head Had graced the tender temples of my child, And both the princes had been breathing here, Which now, two tender bedfellows for dust, Thy broken faith hath made the prey for worms.
If thou hast any sound or use of voice, Speak to me.
If thou hast her not i' the end, call me “Cut.”  If I do not, never trust me, take it how you will.
If thou hast nature in thee, bear it not.
If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep, Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, And kill me too.
If thou kill’st me, boy, thou shalt kill a man.
If thou more murmur’st, I will rend an oak And peg thee in his knotty entrails till Thou hast howled away twelve winters.
If thou pleasest not, I yield thee up my life.
If thou read this, O Caesar, thou mayst live.
If thou rememb’rest not the slightest folly That ever love did make thee run into, Thou hast not loved.
If thou rememberest aught ere thou camest here, How thou camest here thou mayst.
If thou say so, villain, Thou kill’st thy mistress.
If thou say so, withdraw and prove it too.
If thou speak’st false, Upon the next tree shall thou hang alive Till famine cling thee.
If thou takest more Or less than a just pound, be it but so much As makes it light or heavy in the substance Or the division of the twentieth part Of one poor scruple—nay, if the scale do turn But in the estimation of a hair, Thou diest and all thy goods are confiscate.
If thou the next night following enjoy not Desdemona, take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life.
If thou wert my fool, nuncle, I’d have thee beaten for being old before thy time.
If thou wilt lend this money, lend it not As to thy friends, for when did friendship take A breed for barren metal of his friend?
If thou wilt needs damn thyself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.
If thou wilt weep my fortunes, take my eyes.
If thou would have such a one, take me.
If thus thou vanishest, thou tell’st the world It is not worth leave-taking.
If thy greatness will Revenge it on him—for I know thou darest, But this thing dare not— That’s most certain.
If thy revengeful heart cannot forgive, Lo, here I lend thee this sharp-pointed sword, Which if thou please to hide in this true breast And let the soul forth that adoreth thee, I lay it naked to the deadly stroke And humbly beg the death upon my knee.
If thy speech be sooth, I care not if thou dost for me as much.
If till the expiration of your month, You will return and sojourn with my sister, Dismissing half your train, come then to me.
If to have done the thing you gave in charge Beget your happiness, be happy then, For it is done.
If trembling I inhabit then, protest me The baby of a girl.
If we are like you in the rest, we will resemble you in that.
If we are marked to die, we are enough To do our country loss; and if to live, The fewer men, the greater share of honor.
If we be not relieved within this hour, We must return to th’ court of guard.
If we do lose this battle, then is this The very last time we shall speak together.
If we do meet again, we’ll smile indeed.
If we do meet again, why, we shall smile.
If we grow all to be pork-eaters, we shall not shortly have a rasher on the coals for money.
If we know him to be a thief, shall we not lay hands on him?
If we offend, it is with our good will.
If we walk not in the trodden paths our very petticoats will catch them.
If we, with thrice such powers left at home, Cannot defend our own doors from the dog, Let us be worried, and our nation lose The name of hardiness and policy.
If what he might he is not, I would to heaven he were!
If with myself I hold intelligence Or have acquaintance with mine own desires, If that I do not dream or be not frantic— As I do trust I am not—then, dear uncle, Never so much as in a thought unborn Did I offend your Highness.
If without peril it be possible, Sweet Blunt, make some good means to speak with him, And give him from me this most needful note.
If wolves had at thy gate howled that stern time, Thou shouldst have said, “Good porter, turn the key,” All cruèls else subscribed.
If you are so fond over her iniquity, give her patent to offend, for if it touch not you it comes near nobody.
If you be gentlemen, Do me this right: hear me with patience.
If you be not mad, be gone.
If you be pleased, retire into my cell And there repose.
If you be well pleased with this And hold your fortune for your bliss, Turn you where your lady is And claim her with a loving kiss.”
If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I love passing well.
If you can separate yourself and your misdemeanors, you are welcome to the house.
If you can, your reason?
If you cannot, give thanks you have lived so long and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour, if it so hap.—Cheerly, good hearts!—Out of our way, I say.
If you choose that wherein I am contained, Straight shall our nuptial rites be solemnized.
If you choose that, then I am yours withal.
If you come slack of former services, You shall do well.
If you dare fight today, come to the field.
If you deny it, let the danger light Upon your charter and your city’s freedom.
If you deny me, fie upon your law— There is no force in the decrees of Venice.
If you deny them, all the land will rue it.
If you desire the spleen, and will laugh yourself into stitches, follow me.
If you did wear a beard upon your chin, I’d shake it on this quarrel.
If you did wed my sister for her wealth, Then for her wealth’s sake use her with more kindness.
If you do fight against your country’s foes, Your country’s fat shall pay your pains the hire.
If you do fight in safeguard of your wives, Your wives shall welcome home the conquerors.
If you do free your children from the sword, Your children’s children quits it in your age.
If you do love me you will find me out.— Nerissa and the rest, stand all aloof.
If you do love Rosalind so near the heart as your gesture cries it out, when your brother marries Aliena shall you marry her.
If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus, The rivals of my watch, bid them make haste.
If you do not, if I be left alone, Now, by mine honor—which is yet mine own— I’ll have that doctor for my bedfellow.
If you do sorrow at my grief in love, By giving love your sorrow and my grief Were both extermined.
If you do stir abroad, go armed.
If you do sweat to put a tyrant down, You sleep in peace, the tyrant being slain.
If you go on thus, you will kill yourself, And ’tis not wisdom thus to second grief Against yourself.
If you grow foul with me, Pistol, I will scour you with my rapier, as I may, in fair terms.
If you had known the virtue of the ring, Or half her worthiness that gave the ring, Or your own honor to contain the ring, You would not then have parted with the ring.
If you have any music that may not be heard, to ’t again.
If you have any pity, grace, or manners, You would not make me such an argument.
If you have lost him, Why, I have lost him too.
If you have poison for me, I will drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew my business, You would entreat me rather go than stay.
If you like upon report The soil, the profit, and this kind of life, I will your very faithful feeder be And buy it with your gold right suddenly.
If you love her then, tomorrow wed her.
If you mark Alexander’s life well, Harry of Monmouth’s life is come after it indifferent well, for there is figures in all things.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you may stay him.
If you offend him, I for him defy you.
If you outstay the time, upon mine honor And in the greatness of my word, you die.
If you pardon, we will mend.
If you poison us, do we not die?
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
If you prove a mutineer, the next tree.
If you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment, the fear of your adventure would counsel you to a more equal enterprise.
If you say, I hope you will not kill me.
If you shall cleave to my consent, when ’tis, It shall make honor for you.
If you shall send them word you will not come, Their minds may change.
If you should die before him, where’s her dower?
If you swear, my lord, you shall not be forsworn.
If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard’s Castle, Where you shall find me well accompanied With reverend fathers and well-learnèd bishops.
If you tickle us, do we not laugh?
If you went in pain, master, this knave would go sore.
If you will come to me— For now I spy a danger—I entreat you To bring but five and twenty.
If you will let your lady know I am here to speak with her, and bring her along with you, it may awake my bounty further.
If you will live, lament.
If you will not murder me for my love, let me be your servant.
If you will not, come when you are next prepared for.
If you will patiently dance in our round And see our moonlight revels, go with us.
If you will see it, follow me.
If you will take a homely man’s advice, Be not found here.
If you will watch his going thence (which I will fashion to fall out between twelve and one) you may take him at your pleasure.
If you would conjure in her, you must make a circle; if conjure up Love in her in his true likeness, he must appear naked and blind.
If you would know your wronger, look on me.
If you would not, it were a good sign that I should quickly have a new father.
If you would take the pains but to examine the wars of Pompey the Great, you shall find, I warrant you, that there is no tiddle toddle nor pibble babble in Pompey’s camp.
If you’ll come to supper tonight, you may.
If you’ll patch a quarrel, As matter whole you have to make it with, It must not be with this.
If you’ll sit down, I’ll bear your logs the while.
If your leisure served, I would speak with you.
If your love do not persuade you to come, let not my letter.” O love, dispatch all business and be gone!
If your Majesties is remembered of it, the Welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks did grow, wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps, which, your Majesty know, to this hour is an honorable badge of the service.
If your master Would have a queen his beggar, you must tell him, That majesty, to keep decorum, must No less beg than a kingdom.
If, Duke of Burgundy, you would the peace, Whose want gives growth to th' imperfections Which you have cited, you must buy that peace With full accord to all our just demands, Whose tenors and particular effects You have, enscheduled briefly, in your hands.
If, sir, perchance She have restrained the riots of your followers, 'Tis on such ground and to such wholesome end As clears her from all blame.
Ill luck, ill luck?
Ill rest betide the chamber where thou liest!
Ill spirit, I would hold more talk with thee.
Ill will never said well.
Illo, ho, ho, my lord!
Impart.
Impatient of my absence, And grief that young Octavius with Mark Antony Have made themselves so strong—for with her death That tidings came—with this she fell distract And, her attendants absent, swallowed fire.
Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay, Might stop a hole to keep the wind away.
Impudent strumpet!
In a false quarrel there is no true valor.
In all these circumstances I’ll instruct you.
In bed asleep while they do dream things true.
In both my eyes he doubly sees himself— In each eye, one.
In brief, for so the season bids us be, Prepare thy battle early in the morning, And put thy fortune to the arbitrament Of bloody strokes and mortal-staring war.
In brief, Sorrow would be a rarity most beloved If all could so become it.
In Caesar’s fleet Are those that often have ’gainst Pompey fought.
In cases of defense ’tis best to weigh The enemy more mighty than he seems.
In cash, most justly paid.
In cunning I must draw my sword upon you.
In debating which was best, we shall part with neither.
In each thing give him way.
In every good thing.
In faith, hath not the world one man but he will wear his cap with suspicion?
In faith, he’s penitent, And yet his trespass, in our common reason (Save that, they say, the wars must make example Out of her best) is not, almost, a fault T' incur a private check.
In faith, lady, you have a merry heart.
In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword.
In faith, my lord, not I.
In faith, she’s too curst.
In faith, they are as true of heart as we.
In food, in sport, and life-preserving rest To be disturbed, would mad or man or beast.
In God’s name, speak.
In God’s name, what art thou?
In good time, sir, what’s that?
In great measure.
In happy time here comes the duke himself.
In happy time, Iago.
In happy time.
In her consists my happiness and thine.
In him there is a hope of government, Which, in his nonage, council under him, And, in his full and ripened years, himself, No doubt shall then, and till then, govern well.
In him your comfort lives.
In himself he is.
In his bosom?
In his livery Walked crowns and crownets.
In his own grace he doth exalt himself More than in your addition.
In his tail.
In his tongue.
In honest plainness thou hast heard me say My daughter is not for thee.
In honored love.
In Kent, my liege, the Guilfords are in arms, And every hour more competitors Flock to the rebels, and their power grows strong.
In love?
In me ’tis villainy, In thee ’t had been good service.
In mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever I looked on.
In most profound earnest, and, I’ll warrant you, for the love of Beatrice.
In my chamber window lies a book.
In my mind’s eye, Horatio.
In my school days, when I had lost one shaft, I shot his fellow of the selfsame flight The selfsame way with more advisèd watch To find the other forth—and by adventuring both, I oft found both.
In my stars I am above thee, but be not afraid of greatness.
In nothing am I changed But in my garments.
In one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis; And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife Where he himself was lost; Prospero, his dukedom In a poor isle; and all of us, ourselves When no man was his own.
In Orsino’s bosom.
In pity of the challenger’s youth, I would fain dissuade him, but he will not be entreated.
In practice let us put it presently.
In praising Antony, I have dispraised Caesar.
In private?
In respect that it is solitary, I like it very well; but in respect that it is private, it is a very vile life.
In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.
In saying so, you shall but say the truth.
In Sicyon.
In some bush?
In sooth, I know not why I am so sad.
In spite of your heart, I think.
In such a night as this, When the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees And they did make no noise, in such a night Troilus methinks mounted the Trojan walls And sighed his soul toward the Grecian tents Where Cressid lay that night.
In such a night as this!
In such a night Did pretty Jessica, like a little shrew, Slander her love, and he forgave it her.
In such a night Did young Lorenzo swear he loved her well, Stealing her soul with many vows of faith, And ne'er a true one.
In such a night To shut me out!
In such a time as this it is not meet That every nice offense should bear his comment.
In Syracusa was I born, and wed Unto a woman happy but for me, And by me, had not our hap been bad.
In the corrupted currents of this world Offense’s gilded hand may shove by justice, And oft ’tis seen the wicked prize itself Buys out the law.
In the great hand of God I stand, and thence Against the undivulged pretense I fight Of treasonous malice.
In the meantime I will draw a bill of properties such as our play wants.
In the meantime, let me be that I am, and seek not to alter me.
In the meantime, Let me be thought too busy in my fears— As worthy cause I have to fear I am— And hold her free, I do beseech your honor.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, A little ere the mightiest Julius fell, The graves stood tenantless and the sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets As stars with trains of fire and dews of blood, Disasters in the sun, and the moist star Upon whose influence Neptune’s empire stands Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse.
In the name lay A moiety of the world.
In the same figure like the king that’s dead.
In the street I met him, And in his company that gentleman.
In the wars.
In the way of argument, look you, and friendly communication, partly to satisfy my opinion, and partly for the satisfaction, look you, of my mind, as touching the direction of the military discipline, that is the point.
In thee there is not half an hour of life.
In this last tempest.
In this slumbery agitation, besides her walking and other actual performances, what, at any time, have you heard her say?
In this time of the night?
In this, though I cannot be said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but I am a plain-dealing villain.
In those freckles live their savors.
In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
In thy foul throat thou liest.
In time we hate that which we often fear.
In troth, ’tis morning.
In troth, I think I should, and undo ’t when I had done.
In troth, I think thou wouldst not.
In truth, I know it is a sin to be a mocker, but he!—why, he hath a horse better than the Neapolitan’s, a better bad habit of frowning than the Count Palatine.
In Venice they do let God see the pranks They dare not show their husbands.
In verity you did.—My bones bear witness, That since have felt the vigour of his rage.
In voices well divulged, free, learned, and valiant; And in dimension and the shape of nature A gracious person.
In weightier things you’ll say a beggar nay.
In what chapter of his bosom?
In what part of her body stands Ireland?
In what, my dear lord?
In which array, brave soldier, doth he lie, Larding the plain, and by his bloody side, Yoke-fellow to his honor-owing wounds, The noble earl of Suffolk also lies.
In which regard,
In wisdom I should ask thy name.
In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words.
In your dumps?
In your own kingdom, sir.
In, or we are spoiled.
Incapable and shallow innocents, You cannot guess who caused your father’s death.
Indeed he is not fit.
Indeed she’s a most fresh and delicate creature.
Indeed, he hath an excellent good name.
Indeed, he is so.
Indeed, he plied them both with excellent praises.
Indeed, I am no mourner for that news, Because they have been still my adversaries.
Indeed, I never shall be satisfied With Romeo, till I behold him—dead— Is my poor heart for a kinsman vexed.
Indeed, I should have asked thee that before.
Indeed, indeed, sirs, but this troubles me.
Indeed, it is a strange-disposèd time.
Indeed, my lord, it followed hard upon.
Indeed, my lord, it is a most absolute and excellent horse.
Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.
Indeed, sweet love, I was coming to your house.
Indeed, that is out of the air.
Indeed, the French may lay twenty French crowns to one they will beat us, for they bear them on their shoulders.
Indeed, they are disproportioned.
Indeed, they say the senators tomorrow Mean to establish Caesar as a king, And he shall wear his crown by sea and land In every place save here in Italy.
Indeed, upon my sword, indeed.
Indeed!
Indeed?
Indeed?
Indeed?
Infect her beauty, You fen-sucked fogs drawn by the powerful sun, To fall and blister!
Infer fair England’s peace by this alliance.
Infirm of purpose!
Infirmity, that decays the wise, doth ever make the better fool.
Inform her full of my particular fear, And thereto add such reasons of your own As may compact it more.
Informed them”?
Ingrateful fox, ’tis he.
Ingratitude, thou marble-hearted fiend, More hideous when thou show’st thee in a child Than the sea monster.
Ink and paper, Charmian.
Inquire me out some mean poor gentleman, Whom I will marry straight to Clarence' daughter.
Inquire the Jew’s house out.
Instance, briefly.
Intelligence is given where you are hid.
Intend a kind of zeal both to the Prince and Claudio, as in love of your brother’s honor, who hath made this match, and his friend’s reputation, who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid, that you have discovered thus.
Interrupt the monster one word further, and, by this hand, I’ll turn my mercy out o' doors and make a stockfish of thee.
Into a thousand parts divide one man, And make imaginary puissance.
Into a thousand that I have forgotten.
Into my grave.
Into what dangers would you lead me, Cassius, That you would have me seek into myself For that which is not in me?
Invest me in my motley.
Invoke his warlike spirit And your great-uncle’s, Edward the Black Prince, Who on the French ground played a tragedy, Making defeat on the full power of France Whiles his most mighty father on a hill Stood smiling to behold his lion’s whelp Forage in blood of French nobility.
Iras, long farewell.
Is ’t come to this?
Is ’t come to this?
Is ’t far you ride?
Is ’t frailty that thus errs?
Is ’t gone?
Is ’t good or bad?
Is ’t like that lead contains her?
Is ’t long or round?
Is ’t lost?
Is ’t not denounced against us?
Is ’t not enough, is ’t not enough, young man, That I did never, no, nor never can, Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye, But you must flout my insufficiency?
Is ’t not Hortensio?
is ’t not perfect conscience To quit him with this arm?
Is ’t not strange?
Is ’t not the king?
Is ’t not well done?
Is ’t not your trick?
Is ’t possible that on so little acquaintance you should like her?
Is ’t possible you will away tonight?
Is ’t possible, friend Litio, that mistress Bianca Doth fancy any other but Lucentio?
Is ’t possible, my lord?
Is ’t possible?
Is ’t possible?
Is ’t possible?
Is ’t possible?
Is ’t so saucy?
Is ’t so, indeed?
Is ’t so, indeed.
Is ’t so, my lords of England?
Is ’t true, is ’t true?
Is ’t true?
Is all our company here?
Is all the counsel that we two have shared, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us—oh, is it all forgot?
Is all things ready for the royal time?
Is Antony or we in fault for this?
Is Banquo gone from court?
Is Brutus sick?
Is Caesar yet gone to the Capitol?
Is Cassius near?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio thine enemy?
Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he arrayed?
Is he come home yet?
Is he come?
Is he dead?
Is he gone and hath nothing?
Is he gone?
Is he married?
Is he not a most profane and liberal counselor?
Is he not able to discharge the money?
Is he not approved in the height a villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonored my kinswoman?
Is he not here?
Is he not honest?
Is he not jealous?
Is he not light of brain?
Is he of God’s making?
Is he pursued?
Is he well shipped?
Is he well?
Is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard?
Is in his retirement marvelous distempered.
Is ink and paper ready?
Is it a custom?
Is it a man?
Is it a true thing?
Is it a world to hide virtues in?
Is it answered?
Is it come to this?
Is it concluded that he shall be Protector?
Is it e'en so?
Is it even so?
Is it fit, The threefold world divided, he should stand One of the three to share it?
Is it for him you do envy me so?
Is it four o'clock?
Is it good e'en?
Is it his use?
Is it honest in deed and word?
Is it my lady mother?
Is it new and old too?
Is it no more but this—a tardiness in nature Which often leaves the history unspoke That it intends to do?—My lord of Burgundy, What say you to the lady?
Is it not as this mouth should tear this hand For lifting food to ’t?
Is it not hard, Nerissa, that I cannot choose one nor refuse none?
Is it not Hero?
Is it not like the king?
Is it not past two o'clock?
Is it not strange, Canidius, That from Tarentum and Brundusium He could so quickly cut the Ionian sea And take in Toryne?—You have heard on ’t, sweet?
Is it possible A cur can lend three thousand ducats?” Or Shall I bend low and in a bondman’s key With bated breath and whispering humbleness Say this:
Is it possible dat I sould love de enemy of France?
Is it possible that any villainy should be so dear?
Is it possible?
Is it so brave a lass?
Is it so long?— Call forth the holy father.
Is it so nominated in the bond?
Is it so, countrymen?
Is it the fashion that discarded fathers Should have thus little mercy on their flesh?
Is it they?
Is it two days ago since I tripped up thy heels and beat thee before the king?
Is it upon record, or else reported Successively from age to age, he built it?
Is it within reason and compass?
Is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble?
Is it your own inclining?
Is love a tender thing?
Is my father well?
Is my lord angry?
Is my lord well, that he doth speak so wide?
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Is not marriage honorable in a beggar?
Is not that he that lies upon the ground?
Is not that he?
Is not that neighborly?
Is not that strange?
Is not the leaf turned down Where I left reading?
Is not their climate foggy, raw, and dull, On whom, as in despite, the sun looks pale, Killing their fruit with frowns?
Is not this buckled well?
Is not this man jealous?
Is not this something more than fantasy?
Is not this Stephano, my drunken butler?
Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice?
Is not this true?
Is not this true?
Is not this well?
Is not tomorrow, boy, the ides of March?
Is not your husband mad?
Is not your lord honorable without marriage?
Is not, sir, my doublet as fresh as the first day I wore it?
Is now become a god, and Cassius is A wretched creature and must bend his body If Caesar carelessly but nod on him.
Is Romeo slaughtered, and is Tybalt dead?
Is Rosaline, whom thou didst love so dear, So soon forsaken?
Is she as tall as me?
Is she not a modest young lady?
Is she not apt?
Is she not proud?
Is she shrill-tongued or low?
Is she so hot a shrew as she’s reported?
Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she willfully seeks her own salvation?
Is Signior Lucentio within, sir?
Is supper ready, the house trimmed, rushes strewed, cobwebs swept, the servingmen in their new fustian, their white stockings, and every officer his wedding garment on?
Is that any thing now?
Is that his answer?
Is that my prize?
Is that the chain you promised me today?
Is that the law?
Is that the meaning of “accost”?
Is that the naked fellow?
Is that the uttermost?
Is that true?
Is the chair empty?
Is the day so young?
Is the duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?
Is the king stirring, worthy thane?
Is the single man therefore blessed?
Is the storm overblown?
Is the sword unswayed?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any cause in nature that makes these hard hearts?
Is there any man has rebused your Worship?
Is there any ships put forth tonight?
Is there any way to show such friendship?
Is there division ’twixt my lord and Cassio?
Is there more toil?
Is there no offense in ’t?
Is there no respect of place, persons, nor time in you?
Is there none here to give the woman?
Is there not charms By which the property of youth and maidhood May be abused?
Is this a dagger which I see before me, The handle toward my hand?
Is this a holiday?
Is this a prologue or the posy of a ring?
Is this certain?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we sent to for his ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the monument of Leonato?
Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate Call all in all sufficient?
Is this the poultice for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is this true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your speeding?
Is thy master coming?
Is thy master stirring?
Is thy name Tyrrel?
Is thy name William?
Is thy news good, or bad?
Is thy union here?
Is yonder the man?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?
Is your man secret?
is your merry humor altered?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
Ish a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal.
It alone concerns your ear.
It beckons you to go away with it, As if it some impartment did desire To you alone.
It becomes The thronèd monarch better than his crown.
It begins “Hold thy peace.” I shall never begin if I hold my peace.
It came even from the heart of—oh, she’s dead!
It cannot be but thou hast murdered him.
It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It comes upon me.—Art thou any thing?
It curvets unseasonably.
It did always seem so to us.
It did bass my trespass.
It did come to his hands, and commands shall be executed.
It did, it did.
It does, my boy.
It does, my lord.
It doth appear you are a worthy judge.
It doth not fit me.
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven Upon the place beneath.
It eats and sleeps and hath such senses As we have, such.
It faded on the crowing of the cock.
It fell upon a little western flower, Before milk-white, now purple with love’s wound.
It follows, then, the cat must stay at home.
It gives me wonder great as my content To see you here before me.
It goes not forward.
It hangs like flax on a distaff.
It harrows me with fear and wonder.
It hath been taught us from the primal state That he which is was wished until he were, And the ebbed man, ne’er loved till ne’er worth love, Comes deared by being lacked.
It hath been The untimely emptying of the happy throne And fall of many kings.
It hath made me mad.
It hath no tongue to vex you.
It hath not appeared.
It hath the primal eldest curse upon ’t, A brother’s murder.
It is “music with her silver sound” because musicians have no gold for sounding.
It is “never tire.” Oh.
It is a beast for Perseus.
It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order.
It is a business of some heat.
It is a common thing— Ha?
It is a creature That dotes on Cassio, as ’tis the strumpet’s plague To beguile many and be beguiled by one.
It is a fault that springeth from your eye.
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions.
It is a great price for a small vice.
It is a high-wrought flood.
It is a hint That wrings mine eyes to ’t.
It is a kind of history.
It is a letter from my brother that I have not all o'er-read.
It is a man’s office, but not yours.
It is a massy wheel Fixed on the summit of the highest mount, To whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things Are mortised and adjoined, which, when it falls, Each small annexment, petty consequence, Attends the boisterous ruin.
It is a monster Begot upon itself, born on itself.
It is a most sharp sauce.
It is a nipping and an eager air.
It is a paltry cap, A custard-coffin, a bauble, a silken pie.
It is a poison tempered by himself.
It is a pretty youth—not very pretty— But sure he’s proud—and yet his pride becomes him.
It is a reeling world indeed, my lord, And I believe will never stand upright Till Richard wear the garland of the realm.
It is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
It is a theme as fluent as the sea.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is almost morning, And yet I am sure you are not satisfied Of these events at full.
It is an accustomed action with her to seem thus washing her hands.
It is an honor that I dream not of.
It is as easy as lying.
It is backed like a weasel.
It is both he and she: Your son and daughter.
It is Brabantio.
It is but change, Titinius, for Octavius Is overthrown by noble Brutus' power, As Cassius' legions are by Antony.
It is but trash.
It is called Wye at Monmouth, but it is out of my prains what is the name of the other river.
It is Captain Macmorris, is it not?
It is concluded.
It is determined, not concluded yet; But so it must be if the king miscarry.
It is enacted in the laws of Venice, If it be proved against an alien That by direct or indirect attempts He seek the life of any citizen, The party 'gainst the which he doth contrive Shall seize one half his goods.
It is even so.
It is gone.
It is good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb.
It is good to grow.
It is here, Hamlet.
It is heresy.
It is his hand, my lord, but I hope his heart is not in the contents.
It is his.
It is hypocrisy against the devil.
It is impossible they bear it out.
It is impossible you should see this, Were they as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys, As salt as wolves in pride, and fools as gross As ignorance made drunk.
It is impossible.
It is indifferent cold, my lord, indeed.
It is just so high as it is, and moves with its own organs.
It is meat and drink to me to see a clown.
It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.
It is more worthy to leap in ourselves Than tarry till they push us.
It is much that the Moor should be more than reason.
It is my arm.
It is my birthday.
It is my day, my life.
It is my duty, sir.
It is my fashion, when I see a crab.
It is my lady.
It is my promise, And they expect it from me.
It is my wretched fortune.
It is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest.
It is no boast, being asked, to say we are.
It is no hidden virtue in him.
It is no matter how witty, so it be eloquent and full of invention.
It is no matter.
It is no matter.
It is no mean happiness, therefore, to be seated in the mean.
It is no shame.
It is not day.
It is not day.
It is not for you.
It is not for your health thus to commit Your weak condition to the raw, cold morning.
It is not friendly, ’tis not maidenly.
It is not honesty in me to speak What I have seen and known.
It is not lost, but what and if it were?
It is not meet you know how Caesar loved you.
It is not moonlight now.
It is not nor it cannot come to good, But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
It is not possible.
It is not seen enough; you should wear it in your cap.
It is not so expressed, but what of that?
It is not very strange.
It is not well done, mark you now, to take the tales out of my mouth ere it is made and finished.
It is not yet near day.
It is now high suppertime, and the night grows to waste.
It is now two o'clock.
It is offended.
It is perchance that you yourself were saved.
It is proved my Lady Hero hath been falsely accused, the Prince and Claudio mightily abused, and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone.
It is shaped, sir, like itself, and it is as broad as it hath breadth.
It is so too.
It is so.
It is so.
It is so.
It is some meteor that the sun exhales To be to thee this night a torchbearer, And light thee on thy way to Mantua.
It is something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose.
It is the best horse of Europe.
It is the blessèd sun.
It is the bright day that brings forth the adder And that craves wary walking.
It is the cry of women, my good lord.
It is the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It is the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and aunchient prerogatifes and laws of the wars is not kept.
It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on.
It is the lady that Pyramus must love.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
It is the more like to be feigned.
It is the most impenetrable cur That ever kept with men.
It is the part of men to fear and tremble When the most mighty gods by tokens send Such dreadful heralds to astonish us.
It is the prince of palfreys.
It is the quality o' th' climate.
It is the right butter-women’s rank to market.
It is the rival of my love.
It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse, my lord.
It is to be all made of faith and service, And so am I for Phoebe.
It is to be all made of fantasy, All made of passion and all made of wishes, All adoration, duty, and observance, All humbleness, all patience and impatience, All purity, all trial, all observance, And so am I for Phoebe.
It is to be all made of sighs and tears, And so am I for Phoebe.
It is too hard a knot for me to untie!
It is too heavy for your Grace to wear.
It is too late.
It is too rough, Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.
It is too true an evil.
It is twice blessed: It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.
It is very hot.
It is very sultry—as ’twere—I cannot tell how.
It is very true.
It is well done and fitting for a princess Descended of so many royal kings.
It is well.
It is with a good will.
It is worth the pains.
It is written, that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last, the fisher with his pencil and the painter with his nets.
It is young Orlando, that tripped up the wrestler’s heels and your heart both in an instant.
It is your music, madam, of the house.
It is, and wants but nomination.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
It is.
It ish give over.
It lies in you.
It looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
It makes us, or it mars us.
It may be his enemy is a gentleman of great sort, quite from the answer of his degree.
It may be I shall raise you by and by On business to my brother Cassius.
It may be so, my lord.
It may be worth thy pains, for I can sing And speak to him in many sorts of music That will allow me very worth his service.
It may be, these apparent prodigies, The unaccustomed terror of this night, And the persuasion of his augurers May hold him from the Capitol today.
It may be, very like.
It may well be called Jove’s tree when it drops forth such fruit.
It might have since been answered in repaying What we took from them, which, for traffic’s sake, Most of our city did.
It might, my lord.
It much would please him That of his fortunes you should make a staff To lean upon.
It must appear in other ways than words, Therefore I scant this breathing courtesy.
It must be  Nay, but hear you, Goodman Delver— Give me leave.
It must be by his death, and for my part I know no personal cause to spurn at him But for the general.
It must be shortly known to him from England What is the issue of the business there.
It must be so, for miracles are ceased, And therefore we must needs admit the means How things are perfected.
It must be thought on.
It must be your imagination then, and not theirs.
It must needs be of subtle, tender, and delicate temperance.
It nothing ill becomes thee.— Aboard my galley I invite you all.
It now draws toward night.
It only stands Our lives upon to use our strongest hands.
It pleases your Worship to say so, but we are the poor duke’s officers.
It proves not so.
It provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance.
It ripens towards it.
It seemed she was a queen Over her passion, who, most rebel-like, Sought to be king o'er her.
It seems he hath great care to please his wife.
It seems not meet, nor wholesome to my place, To be producted (as, if I stay, I shall) Against the Moor.
It seems that you scorn me.
It seems to me That yet we sleep, we dream.
It seldom visits sorrow.
It shall advantage more than do us wrong.
It shall advantage thee more than ever the bearing of letter did.
It shall be called “Bottom’s Dream” because it hath no bottom.
It shall be done, my lord.
It shall be done.
It shall be done.
It shall be said his judgment ruled our hands.
It shall be seven ere I go to horse.
It shall be so.
It shall be to your good, for my father’s house and all the revenue that was old Sir Rowland’s will I estate upon you, and here live and die a shepherd.
It shall do well.
It shall go hard if “Cambio” go without her.
It shall lose thee nothing.
It shall not need.
It shall to the barber’s, with your beard.—Prithee, say on.
It shines everywhere.
It should be—But he is drowned, and these are devils.
It should seem then that Dobbin’s tail grows backward.
It signs well, does it not?
It sorts well with your fierceness.
It sounds no more, and sure, it waits upon Some god o' th' island.
It stops me here, it is too much of joy.
It struck mine ear most terribly.
It then draws near the season Wherein the spirit held his wont to walk.
It touches you, my lord, as much as me.
It was a vision fair and fortunate.
It was about to speak when the cock crew.
It was divided Between her heart and lips.
It was great ignorance, Gloucester’s eyes being out, To let him live.
It was he That made the overture of thy treasons to us, Who is too good to pity thee.
It was his bidding.
It was in place where I could not breed no contention with him, but I will be so bold as to wear it in my cap till I see him once again, and then I will tell him a little piece of my desires.
It was mine art, When I arrived and heard thee, that made gape The pine and let thee out.
It was my duty, sir.
It was my turquoise.
It was not brought me, my lord.
It was ourself thou didst abuse.
It was some fiend.
It was the nightingale, and not the lark, That pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear.
It was two ere I left him, and now the clock strikes one.
It was well done, and thou shalt sleep again.
It was wont to hold me but while one tells twenty.
It was, as I have seen it in his life, A sable silvered.
It was, so please your highness.
It was.
It waves me forth again.
It waves me still.
It wearies me; you say it wearies you.
It weeps, it bleeds, and each new day a gash Is added to her wounds.
It well appears.
It were a better death than die with mocks, Which is as bad as die with tickling.
It were a delicate stratagem to shoe A troop of horse with felt.
It were a tedious difficulty, I think, To bring them to that prospect.
It were an honest action to say So to the Moor.
It were good that Benedick knew of it by some other, if she will not discover it.
It were pity to cast them away for nothing, though between them and a great cause they should be esteemed nothing.
It were too gross To rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.
It were well The general were put in mind of it.
It were, my lord, a hard condition for a maid to consign to.
It will be rain tonight.
It will be short.
It will make you melancholy, Monsieur Jaques.
It would be spoke to.
It would become me As well as it does you, and I should do it With much more ease, for my good will is to it And yours it is against.
It would make a man mad as a buck to be so bought and sold.
It would seem strange unto him when he waked.
It’s nine o'clock.
It’s suppertime, my lord.
It’s the wind.
It’s true, good lieutenant.
Jailer, look to him.
Jailer, look to him.
James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey, Shall have the leading of this foot and horse.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter, Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
Jove and my stars be praised!
Jove bless thee, master Parson.
Jove shield thee well for this!
Jove, I thank thee!
Jove, Jove, this shepherd’s passion Is much upon my fashion.
Jove’s lightning, the precursors O' th' dreadful thunderclaps, more momentary And sight-outrunning were not.
Judge me the world if ’tis not gross in sense That thou hast practiced on her with foul charms, Abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals That weakens motion.
Judge me, you gods!
Judge, O you gods, how dearly Caesar loved him!
Judgment?
Juliet!—Fast, I warrant her, she.— Why, lamb!
Juno and Ceres whisper seriously.
Just as high as my heart.
Just, just; and the men do sympathize with the mastiffs in robustious and rough coming on, leaving their wits with their wives.
Justice, find the girl!
Justice, most sacred duke, against the Abbess.
Kate like the hazel-twig Is straight and slender and as brown in hue As hazel nuts, and sweeter than the kernels.
Katherine his daughter and with her, to dowry, Some petty and unprofitable dukedoms.
Katherine the curst!” A title for a maid of all titles the worst.
Keep close, I thee command.
Keep me in temper.
Keep peace, upon your lives.
Keep promise, love.
Keep thee warm.
Keep thou the left.
Keep thy word.
Keep your cabins.
Keep your purse.
Keep your word, Phoebe, that you’ll marry me Or else, refusing me, to wed this shepherd.
Keep your word, Silvius, that you’ll marry her If she refuse me.
Kent banished thus?
Kent, father, sisters!
Kent, on thy life, no more.
Kent, sir, the banished Kent, who in disguise Followed his enemy king and did him service Improper for a slave.
Kill Brutus, and be honored in his death.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow—let me live tonight!
Kill men i' th' dark!
Kill the poys and the luggage!
Kill!
killed a cat?
Killing swine.
Kind and dear princess!
Kind gentlemen, let’s go see poor Cassio dressed.— Come, mistress, you must tell ’s another tale.
Kind gentlemen, your pains Are registered where every day I turn The leaf to read them.
Kind sister, thanks.
Kind souls, what, weep you when you but behold Our Caesar’s vesture wounded?
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy in thy news?
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, Shall win my love, and so I take my leave, In resolution as I swore before.
King Lear hath lost, he and his daughter ta'en.
Kings it makes gods, and meaner creatures kings.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Kneel not, gentle Portia.
Kneel to the duke before he pass the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Knock you here, sir?
Knock, I say.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
Know him I shall, I am well sure of it.
Know him?
Know I these men that come along with you?
Know me for Brutus!
Know of your youth.
Know the glove!
Know then I came before you here a man prepared To take this offer, but Mark Antony Put me to some impatience.
Know thus far forth: By accident most strange, bountiful Fortune (Now my dear lady) hath mine enemies Brought to this shore.
Know we this face or no?
Know you any, count?
Know you any, Hero?
Know you before whom, sir?
Know you him?
Know you not he has?
Know you not the cause?
Know you not, master, to some kind of men Their graces serve them but as enemies?
Know you what Caesar means to do with me?
Know you where you are, sir?
Know, Claudio, to thy head, Thou hast so wronged mine innocent child and me That I am forced to lay my reverence by, And with gray hairs and bruise of many days Do challenge thee to trial of a man.
Know, my hearts, I hope well of tomorrow, and will lead you Where rather I’ll expect victorious life Than death and honor.
Know, my long lord, The marquess Dorset, as I hear, is fled To Richmond, in the parts where he abides.
Know, sir, that I am called Hortensio.
Know, sir, that I Will not wait pinioned at your master’s court, Nor once be chastised with the sober eye Of dull Octavia.
Know’st thou Fluellen?
Know’st thou Gower?
Know’st thou his mind?
Know’st thou not any whom corrupting gold Will tempt unto a close exploit of death?
Know’st thou not That I have fined these bones of mine for ransom?
Know’st thou not the duke Hath banished me, his daughter?
Know’st thou the way to Dover?
Know’st thou the youth that spoke to me erewhile?
Know’st thou this country?
Known unto these, and to myself disguised!
Labio and Flavio, set our battles on.
Lady Beatrice, have you wept all this while?
Lady, amen.
Lady, come from that nest Of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
Lady, shall I lie in your lap?
Lady, were you her bedfellow last night?
Lady, will you walk a bout with your friend?
Lady, you come hither to be married to this count?
Lady, you know no rules of charity, Which renders good for bad, blessings for curses.
Lady!
Laertes, I must commune with your grief, Or you deny me right.
Last night of all, When yond same star that’s westward from the pole Had made his course t' illume that part of heaven Where now it burns, Marcellus and myself, The bell then beating one— Peace, break thee off.
Last night she slept not, nor tonight she shall not.
Last thing he did, dear Queen, He kissed—the last of many doubled kisses— This orient pearl.
Laugh to scorn The power of man, for none of woman born Shall harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I are out.
Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe.
Lay forth the gown.
Lay hand on heart, advise.
Lay her a-hold, a-hold!
Lay her i' th' earth, And from her fair and unpolluted flesh May violets spring!
Lay on, Macduff, And damned be him that first cries, “Hold, enough!” I would the friends we miss were safe arrived.
Lay them in gore, Since you have shore With shears his thread of silk.
Lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed.
Le chien est retourné à son propre vomissement, et la truie lavée au bourbier.” Thou mak’st use of anything.
Le Roy?
Lead away.
Lead him to my bower.
Lead me from hence.
Lead me on.
Lead me on.
Lead me to my chamber.
Lead me.
Lead the way.
Lead, monster; we’ll follow.
Lear’s shadow.
Learn it, learn it, marquess.
Learn of the wise and perpend: civet is of a baser birth than tar, the very uncleanly flux of a cat.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to heaven And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge To prick and sting her.
Leave him to my displeasure.—Edmund, keep you our sister company.
Leave holloaing, man.
Leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon.
Leave me alone to woo him.
Leave me and do the thing I bid thee do.
Leave me with haste.
Leave me, I pray, a little.
Leave me, I say.
Leave me, Iago.
Leave you your power to draw, And I shall have no power to follow you.
Leave you!
Leave, gentle wax, and, manners, blame us not.
Lechery, sir, it provokes and unprovokes.
Lechery!
Legged like a man and his fins like arms!
Lend me a looking-glass.
Lend me thy cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me thy handkerchief.
Lend me your hand.
Lend thine ear.
Lend thy hand And pluck my magic garment from me.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, stand I here?
Lepidus flatters both, Of both is flattered, but he neither loves, Nor either cares for him.
Lepidus is high-colored.
Less in your knowledge and your grace you show not Than our earth’s wonder, more than earth divine.
Lesser than Macbeth and greater.
Lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry basting.
Let 'em enter.
Let ’t be so, good Corporal Nym.
Let all the rest give place.
Let be.
Let but the commons hear this testament— Which, pardon me, I do not mean to read— And they would go and kiss dead Caesar’s wounds And dip their napkins in his sacred blood, Yea, beg a hair of him for memory, And, dying, mention it within their wills, Bequeathing it as a rich legacy Unto their issue.
Let copulation thrive, for Gloucester’s bastard son Was kinder to his father than my daughters got ’tween the lawful sheets.
Let each man render me his bloody hand.
Let every eye nogetiate for itself And trust no agent, for beauty is a witch Against whose charms faith melteth into blood.
Let every man be master of his time Till seven at night.
Let every soldier hew him down a bough And bear ’t before him.
Let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests; I bear a charmèd life, which must not yield To one of woman born.
Let floods o'erswell and fiends for food howl on!
Let four captains Bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage, For he was likely, had he been put on, To have proved most royally.
Let go his arm.
Let go my hand.
Let go thy hold when a great wheel runs down a hill, lest it break thy neck with following it.
Let go, slave, or thou diest!
Let go!
Let good Antonio look he keep his day, Or he shall pay for this.
Let grief Convert to anger.
Let heaven and men and devils, let them all, All, all cry shame against me, yet I’ll speak.
Let her alone.
Let her awhile be secretly kept in And publish it that she is dead indeed.
Let her be round with him, And I’ll be placed, so please you, in the ear Of all their conference.
Let her be thine, for we Have no such daughter, nor shall ever see That face of hers again.
Let her hang me.
Let her have your voice.
Let her know ’t.—  And he will fill thy wishes to the brim With principalities.
Let her live To join our kingdoms and our hearts, and never Fly off our loves again!
Let her not say ’tis I that keep you here.
Let her not walk i' th' sun.
Let her send it.
Let her witness it.
Let him alone awhile.
Let him alone, for I remember now How he’s employed.
Let him alone.
Let him answer me.— Come, follow me, boy.
Let him appear that’s come from Antony.
Let him approach.
Let him approach.
Let him be Caesar!
Let him be the devil, an he will, I care not.
Let him bless thee too.
Let him come in.
Let him come when he will, I will deny thee nothing.
Let him come, and kindly.
Let him command, And to obey shall be in me remorse, What bloody business ever.
Let him cry, “Praise and glory on his head!” For forth he goes and visits all his host, Bids them good morrow with a modest smile, And calls them brothers, friends, and countrymen.
Let him do his spite.
Let him fly far.
Let him go And presently prefer his suit to Caesar.
Let him go up into the public chair.
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Let him kill one first.
Let him let the matter slip, and I’ll give him my horse, gray Capilet.
Let him look to his bond.
Let him not come near me.
Let him not leave out The color of her hair.
Let him not pass, But kill him rather.
Let him send no more— Unless perchance you come to me again To tell me how he takes it.
Let him speak, my lord, Upon his peril, that I have reserved To myself nothing.
Let him take thee And hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians!
Let him thank me, that holp to send him thither, For he was fitter for that place than earth.
Let him that loves me strike me dead.
Let him write down the Prince’s officer “coxcomb.” Come, bind them.—Thou naughty varlet!
Let his shames quickly Drive him to Rome.
Let housewifery appear.
Let husbands know Their wives have sense like them.
Let it alone, thou fool.
Let it alone.
Let it appear so.
Let it be a quarrel between us, if you live.
Let it be so.
Let it be so.
Let it be who it is.
Let it be written in eight and eight.
Let it come down.
Let it fall rather, though the fork invade The region of my heart.
Let it go all.
Let it go.
Let it not, Brutus.
Let it suffice thee that I trust thee not.
Let it work, For ’tis the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard.
Let life be short, else shame will be too long.
Let Lucius and Titinius guard our door.
Let me alone.
Let me alone.
Let me ask you one word in private.
Let me be clear of thee.
Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all.
Let me be put to death.
Let me be satisfied.
Let me be ta'en.
Let me be your servant.
Let me beseech your grace not to do so.
Let me but bind it hard, within this hour It will be well.
Let me but meet you ladies one hour hence, And I’ll salute your Grace of York as mother And reverend looker-on, of two fair queens.
Let me but move one question to your daughter, And by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly.
Let me come to her.
Let me comply with you in this garb—lest my extent to the players, which, I tell you, must show fairly outwards, should more appear like entertainment than yours.
Let me deal in this.
Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.
Let me embrace with old Vincentio, And wander we to see thy honest son, Who will of thy arrival be full joyous.
Let me endure your wrath, if ’t be not so.
Let me enjoy my private.
Let me entreat you.
Let me entreat you.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, sir, or I’ll knock you o'er the mazzard.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me have audience for a word or two.
Let me have open means to come to them, And soon I’ll rid you from the fear of them.
Let me have surgeons.
Let me have your hand.
Let me hear Agrippa further speak.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hire him too.—Here’s my coxcomb.
Let me know.
Let me lick thy shoe.
Let me live here ever.
Let me love him for that, and do you love him because I do.
Let me not burst in ignorance, but tell Why thy canonized bones, hearsed in death, Have burst their cerements; why the sepulcher,
Let me not hinder, Cassius, your desires.
Let me not name it to you, you chaste stars, It is the cause.
Let me not stay a jot for dinner.
Let me not, Since I have my dukedom got And pardoned the deceiver, dwell In this bare island by your spell, But release me from my bands With the help of your good hands.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me question more in particular.
Let me report to him Your sweet dependency, and you shall find A conqueror that will pray in aid for kindness Where he for grace is kneeled to.
Let me say “Amen” betimes, lest the devil cross my prayer, for here he comes in the likeness of a Jew.
Let me see 'em.
Let me see her.
Let me see his eyes, That, when I note another man like him, I may avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let me see now,
Let me see the caper.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see—what think you of falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Let me shake thy hand.
Let me shun that.
Let me sit down.
Let me speak a little.
Let me speak like yourself and lay a sentence Which, as a grise or step, may help these lovers.
Let me speak proudly: tell the constable We are but warriors for the working day; Our gayness and our gilt are all besmirched With rainy marching in the painful field.
Let me stand here till thou remember it.
Let me stay the growth of his beard, if thou delay me not the knowledge of his chin.
Let me still take away the harms I fear, Not fear still to be taken.
Let me tell you, Cassius, you yourself Are much condemned to have an itching palm, To sell and mart your offices for gold To undeservers.
Let me wipe it first.
Let me work.
Let me yet know of you whither you are bound.
Let me, if not by birth, have lands by wit.
Let music sound while he doth make his choice.
Let no fair be kept in mind But the fair of Rosalind.
Let no such man be trusted.
Let none presume To wear an undeservèd dignity.
Let not my worser spirit tempt me again To die before you please.
Let not that doctor e'er come near my house!
Let not the heavens hear these telltale women Rail on the Lord’s anointed.
Let not the Nurse lie with thee in thy chamber.
Let not the royal bed of Denmark be A couch for luxury and damnèd incest.
Let our best heads Know that tomorrow the last of many battles We mean to fight.
Let our catch be “Thou Knave.” “Hold thy peace, thou knave,” knight?
Let our officers Have notice what we purpose.
Let our reciprocal vows be remembered.
Let pity not be believed.” There she shook The holy water from her heavenly eyes, And clamor moistened.
Let pride, which she calls plainness, marry her.
Let Rome be thus informed.
Let some of my people have a special care of him.
Let sorrow split my heart if ever I Did hate thee or thy father.
Let specialties be therefore drawn between us, That covenants may be kept on either hand.
Let still the woman take An elder than herself.
Let th’ Egyptians And the Phoenicians go a-ducking.
Let that appear hereafter, and aim better at me by that I now will manifest.
Let that be left Which leaves itself.
Let that suffice you.
Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool no where but in ’s own house.
Let the garden door be shut, and leave me to my hearing.
Let the great gods That keep this dreadful pudder o'er our heads Find out their enemies now.
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die, meantime Laugh at his challenge.
Let the trumpet sound.
Let the world see His nobleness well acted, which your death Will never let come forth.
Let their beds Be made as soft as yours and let their palates Be seasoned with such viands”?
Let their heads be slickly combed, their blue coats brushed, and their garters of an indifferent knit.
Let them affright thee.
Let them be hunted soundly.
Let them begin.
Let them come before Master Constable.
Let them come in.
Let them curtsy with their left legs, and not presume to touch a hair of my master’s horse-tail till they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Let them not live to taste this land’s increase, That would with treason wound this fair land’s peace.
Let them play it.
Let them set on at once, for I perceive But cold demeanor in Octavius' wing, And sudden push gives them the overthrow.
Let this be so.
Let this fellow Be nothing of our strife.
Let this pernicious hour Stand aye accursèd in the calendar!
Let thy blood and spirit embrace them.
Let us all embrace.
Let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him.
Let us be jocund.
Let us be sacrificers but not butchers, Caius.
Let us be satisfied!
Let us bear him To th’ court of guard.
Let us come in, that we may bind him fast And bear him home for his recovery.
Let us deal justly.
Let us die.
Let us go in, And charge us there upon interr'gatories, And we will answer all things faithfully.
Let us go sit here upon the church bench till two, and then all to bed.
Let us go, For it is after midnight, and ere day We will awake him and be sure of him.
Let us go.
Let us hear him.
Let us hear what Antony can say.
Let us hear, sweet Bottom.
Let us leave him.
Let us not break with him, For he will never follow anything That other men begin.
Let us not burden our remembrances with A heaviness that’s gone.
Let us not leave him out.
Let us now stay and see it.
Let us on heaps go offer up our lives.
Let us our lives, our souls, our debts, our careful wives, our children, and our sins lay on the king!
Let us quit all And give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Let us rather Hold fast the mortal sword and, like good men, Bestride our downfall'n birthdom.
Let us score their backs And snatch ’em up, as we take hares, behind!
Let us see.
Let us seek out some desolate shade and there Weep our sad bosoms empty.
Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel, that her gifts may henceforth be bestowed equally.
Let us swear That you are worth your breeding, which I doubt not,
Let us take the law of our sides.
Let us therefore eat and drink.
Let us to the field.
Let us to the great supper.
Let us toward the king.
Let us withdraw.
Let us, Lepidus, not lack your company.
Let wantons light of heart Tickle the senseless rushes with their heels.
Let witchcraft join with beauty, lust with both.
Let your epilogue alone.
Let your highness Command upon me, to the which my duties Are with a most indissoluble tie Forever knit.
Let your wedding be tomorrow.
Let’s all sink wi' th' king.
Let’s alone, And do the murder first.
Let’s away And get our jewels and our wealth together, Devise the fittest time and safest way To hide us from pursuit that will be made After my flight.
Let’s briefly put on manly readiness, And meet i' th' hall together.
Let’s call more help To have them bound again.
Let’s carve him as a dish fit for the gods, Not hew him as a carcass fit for hounds.
Let’s do so.
Let’s draw our weapons.
Let’s follow it, and after do our work.
Let’s follow the old earl, and get the Bedlam To lead him where he would.
Let’s follow, Gertrude.
Let’s follow.
Let’s ha ’t, good soldier.
Let’s ha' ’t, good Grumio.
Let’s have no more of this, let’s to our affairs.—Forgive us our sins!—Gentlemen, let’s look to our business.
Let’s have the tongs and the bones.
Let’s hear him, for the things he speaks may concern Caesar.
Let’s hear it.
Let’s lack no discipline, make no delay, For, lords, tomorrow is a busy day.
Let’s make us med'cines of our great revenge, To cure this deadly grief.
Let’s meet as little as we can.
Let’s meet him and receive him.
Let’s mock the midnight bell.
Let’s not consort with them.
Let’s see for means.
Let’s see once more this saying graved in gold, “Who chooseth me shall gain what many men desire.” Why, that’s the lady.
Let’s see these pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s stab ourselves.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let’s take leave of him.
Let’s talk.
Let’s then determine with the ancient of war On our proceedings.
Let’s think ’t unsafe To come in to the cry without more help.
Let’s to bed, knight.
Let’s to billiards.
Let’s tonight Be bounteous at our meal.
Let’s withdraw, my lord.
Letters, my lord, from Hamlet.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Lie not a night from home.
lie on her?
Lie they upon thy hand And be undone by ’em!
Lie thou there (throwing down a letter), for here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling.
Lie thou there.
Lie with her—that’s fulsome.
Lie with her?
Lie—   With her?
Lies all within.—Deliver me the key.
Life and these lips have long been separated.
Life, living, all is Death’s.
Light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn: ergo, light wenches will burn.
Light, gentlemen, I’ll bind it with my shirt.
Light, I say, light!
Light!
Lights, lights, lights!
Like a drowned man, a fool and a madman.
Like aqua vitae with a midwife.
Like her?
Like one of two contending in a prize That thinks he hath done well in people’s eyes, Hearing applause and universal shout, Giddy in spirit, still gazing in a doubt Whether these pearls of praise be his or no— So, thrice fair lady, stand I even so, As doubtful whether what I see be true Until confirmed, signed, ratified by you.
Like to the time o’ th’ year between the extremes Of hot and cold, he was nor sad nor merry.
Lips, do not move; No man must know.”
List a brief tale, And when ’tis told, oh, that my heart would burst!
List a word.
List his discourse of war, and you shall hear A fearful battle rendered you in music.
List, list, O, list!
List'ning their fear I could not say “Amen,” When they did say “God bless us!” Consider it not so deeply.
Listen but speak not to ’t.
Little” again?
Live a little, comfort a little, cheer thyself a little.
Live a thousand years, I shall not find myself so apt to die.
Live thou, I live.
Live, and hereafter say A madman’s mercy bid thee run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Lives he, good uncle?
Lives he?
Lives my sweet son?
Lives, sir.
Lo thee!
Lo you, here she comes.
Lo, here I lie, Never to rise again.
Lo, here upon thy cheek the stain doth sit Of an old tear that is not washed off yet.
Lo, here’s the chain.
Lo, now, lo!
Lo, she is one of this confederacy!
Lo, where he comes!
Lo, where it comes again.
Lo, yonder, and Titinius mourning it.
Locked in her monument.
Long live the king!
Long love doth so.
Long since thy husband served me in my wars, And I to thee engaged a prince’s word, When thou didst make him master of thy bed, To do him all the grace and good I could.
Long stayed he so.
Longer, longer.
Look behind you, my lord.
Look down, you gods, And on this couple drop a blessèd crown, For it is you that have chalked forth the way Which brought us hither.
Look how he laughs already!
Look how he makes to Caesar.
Look how our partner’s rapt.
Look how the floor of heaven Is thick inlaid with patens of bright gold.
Look how thou dream’st!
Look how thy servants do attend on thee, Each in his office ready at thy beck.
Look I so pale, Lord Dorset, as the rest?
Look in my face.
Look in the almanac.
Look in the calendar and bring me word.
Look in upon me then and speak with me, Or, naked as I am, I will assault thee.
Look like th' innocent flower, But be the serpent under ’t.
Look then to be well edified when the fool delivers the madman.
Look thou but sweet, And I am proof against their enmity.
Look to ’t, I charge you.
Look to ’t.
Look to her, Moor, if thou hast eyes to see.
Look to my chattels and my movables.
Look to the lady.
Look to the queen there, ho!
Look to your house, your daughter, and your bags!
Look up a-height.
Look upon Caesar.
Look what I have.
Look what I speak, or do, or think to do, You are still crossing it.
Look what is done cannot be now amended.
Look whe'e he has not turned his color and has tears in ’s eyes.—Prithee, no more.
Look where he comes.
Look where it comes again!
Look where she comes.
Look where the youngest wren of nine comes.
Look where they come.
Look who comes here.
Look with thine ears.
Look you for any other issue?
Look you here, Here is himself, marred, as you see, with traitors.
Look you who comes here, a young man and an old in solemn talk.
Look you, Cassio and my husband!
Look you, if you take the matter otherwise than is meant, Captain Macmorris, peradventure I shall think you do not use me with that affability as, in discretion, you ought to use me, look you, being as good a man as yourself, both in the disciplines of war and in the derivation of my birth and in other particularities.
Look you, sad friends, The gods rebuke me, but it is tidings To wash the eyes of kings.
Look you, she loved her kinsman Tybalt dearly, And so did I.
Look you, sir, such a one I was this present.
Look you, the worm is not to be trusted but in the keeping of wise people, for indeed there is no goodness in the worm.
Look, and thou shalt see.
Look, Don Pedro is returned to seek you.
Look, he recovers.
Look, he stirs.
Look, he wears cruel garters.
Look, here comes a lover of mine and a lover of hers.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
Look, here I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she comes.
Look, how she rubs her hands.
Look, in this place ran Cassius' dagger through.
Look, look, a mouse!
Look, look.
Look, love, what envious streaks Do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
Look, Lucius, here’s the book I sought for so.
Look, my lord, it comes!
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
Look, sir, I bleed.
Look, they weep, And I, an ass, am onion-eyed.
Look, when I vow, I weep.
Look, where he comes.
Look, where she comes.
Look, where thy love comes.
Look, with a spot I damn him.
Look, with what courteous action It waves you to a more removèd ground.
Look!
Looked he or red or pale, or sad or merrily?
Looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost most absolute Alexas, where’s the soothsayer that you praised so to th’ Queen?
Lord Edmund spake not with your lord at home?
Lord Hamlet— Heaven secure him!
Lord Mayor, the reason we have sent— Look back!
Lord of his fortunes he salutes thee, and Requires to live in Egypt; which not granted, He lessens his requests, and to thee sues To let him breathe between the heavens and earth A private man in Athens.
Lord of lords!
Lord, how art thou changed!
Lord, how it looks about!
Lord, let me never have a cause to sigh, Till I be brought to such a silly pass!
Lord, Lord, she will be a joyful woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Lord, what though?
Lord,” quoth he?
Lorenzo and Salerio, welcome hither, If that the youth of my new interest here Have power to bid you welcome.
Lorenzo certain, and my love indeed— For who love I so much?
Lorenzo, and thy love.
Lorenzo, I commit into your hands The husbandry and manage of my house Until my lord’s return.
Love cools, friendship falls off, brothers divide, in cities
Love give me strength, and strength shall help afford.
Love is merely a madness and, I tell you, deserves as well a dark house and a whip as madmen do, and the reason why they are not so punished and cured is that the lunacy is so ordinary that the whippers are in love, too.
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind.
Love me or love me not, I like the cap, And it I will have, or I will have none.
Love news, in faith?
Love wrought these miracles.
Love, and be friends as two such men should be.
Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity In least speak most, to my capacity.
Love?
Love’s heralds should be thoughts, Which ten times faster glide than the sun’s beams, Driving back shadows over louring hills.
Love’s not love When it is mingled with regards that stands Aloof from th' entire point.
Lovers can see to do their amorous rites By their own beauties, or, if love be blind, It best agrees with night.
Lovers, make moan.
Lovers, to bed.
Lucentio is your name.
Lucentio, gentle sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, bid the commanders Prepare to lodge their companies tonight.
Lucius, awake.
Lucius, who’s that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!—Fast asleep?
Lurk, lurk.
Lysander and myself will fly this place.
Lysander, keep thy Hermia.
Lysander, speak again!
Lysander, whereto tends all this?
Lysander’s love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena, who more engilds the night Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light.
M.O.A.I.” This simulation is not as the former, and yet to crush this a little, it would bow to me, for every one of these letters are in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
M”—why, that begins my name.
Macbeth doth come.
Macbeth Is ripe for shaking, and the powers above Put on their instruments.
Macbeth shall never vanquished be until Great Birnam Wood to high Dunsinane Hill Shall come against him.
Macbeth!
Macbeth!— Had I three ears, I’d hear thee.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and your noble son.
Machinations, hollowness, treachery, and all ruinous disorders follow us disquietly to our graves.
Mad call I it, for, to define true madness, What is ’t but to be nothing else but mad?
Mad for thy love?
Madam my interpreter, what says she?
Madam wife, they say that I have dreamed And slept above some fifteen year or more.
Madam, bethink you, like a careful mother, Of the young prince your son.
Madam, do you.
Madam, good hope.
Madam, good night.
Madam, good night.
Madam, he’s married to Octavia.
Madam, he’s well.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, his majesty doth call for you,— And for your Grace, —and yours, my gracious lords.
Madam, how like you this play?
Madam, I am here.
Madam, I am most apt to embrace your offer.
Madam, I am not well.
Madam, I come to whet your gentle thoughts On his behalf.
Madam, I go with all convenient speed.
Madam, I had rather seal my lips Than to my peril speak that which is not.
Madam, I had rather— I know your lady does not love her husband.
Madam, I have a touch of your condition, Which cannot brook the accent of reproof.
Madam, I heard her speak.
Madam, I trust, not so.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I wish it may.
Madam, I’ll take my leave.
Madam, if you could find out but a man To bear a poison, I would temper it, That Romeo should, upon receipt thereof, Soon sleep in quiet.
Madam, in happy time, what day is that?
Madam, in Rome.
Madam, it so fell out, that certain players We o'erraught on the way.
Madam, madam— Antonio’s dead!
Madam, not now.
Madam, not yet.
Madam, O good Empress!
Madam, sleeps still.
Madam, so thrive I in my enterprise And dangerous success of bloody wars As I intend more good to you and yours Than ever you or yours were by me harmed!
Madam, the young gentleman of the Count Orsino’s is returned.
Madam, there is at the gate a young gentleman much desires to speak with you.
Madam, undress you and come now to bed.
Madam, what should I do?
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with much ado.
Madam, withdraw: the Prince, the Count, Signor Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town are come to fetch you to church.
Madam, yond young fellow swears he will speak with you.
Madam, you have done me wrong, Notorious wrong.
Madam, you must come to your uncle.
Madam, your mother craves a word with you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Made I him king for this?
Made it for me, sir?
Made she no verbal question?
Made you my guardians, my depositaries, But kept a reservation to be followed With such a number.
Made you no more offense but what you speak of?
Madman and beggar too.
Madman, thou errest.
Maid’s mild behavior and sobriety.
Maintain a mourning ostentation, And on your family’s old monument Hang mournful epitaphs and do all rites That appertain unto a burial.
Make a short shrift.
Make all the money thou canst.
Make assay.
Make forth.
Make good room.
Make haste, I say.
Make haste, lest mine be about your ears ere it be out.
Make haste, make haste, sirrah.
Make haste.
Make her amends, she weeps.
Make him believe thou art Sir Topas the curate.
Make it a word and a blow.
Make it no wonder.
Make it so known.
Make me a willow cabin at your gate And call upon my soul within the house.
Make me not offended In your distrust.
Make me to see ’t, or at the least so prove it That the probation bear no hinge nor loop To hang a doubt on, or woe upon thy life!
Make no compare Between that love a woman can bear me And that I owe Olivia.
Make no delay.
Make no noise, make no noise.
Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
Make that good.
Make the doors upon a woman’s wit, and it will out at the casement.
Make the trial of it in any constant question.
Make thee a fortune from me.
Make those that do offend you suffer too.
Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres, Thy knotted and combinèd locks to part And each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fearful porpentine.
Make us thy ministers of chastisement, That we may praise thee in the victory!
Make we our march towards Birnam.
Make you a wholesome answer.
Make your best use of this.
Make your vaunting true, And it shall please me well.
Makest thou this shame thy pastime?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, Are stol'n away and fled, which puts upon them Suspicion of the deed.
Malcolm!
Malvolio’s coming down this walk.
Many a man his life hath sold But my outside to behold.
Many a man would take you at your word And go indeed, having so good a mean.
Many a morning hath he there been seen, With tears augmenting the fresh morning’s dew, Adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs.
Many good morrows to my noble lord.
Many hot inroads They make in Italy—the borders maritime Lack blood to think on ’t—and flush youth revolt.
Many times, madam.
Many will swoon when they do look on blood.
March gently on to meet him.
March on, march on, since we are up in arms, If not to fight with foreign enemies, Yet to beat down these rebels here at home.
March to the bridge.
Marcus Luccicos, is not he in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius, are for sea; But we keep whole by land.
Maria once told me she did affect me, and I have heard herself come thus near, that, should she fancy, it should be one of my complexion.
Marian, I say!
Mark Antony I served, who best was worthy Best to be served.
Mark Antony In Egypt sits at dinner, and will make No wars without doors.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony shall say I am not well, And for thy humor I will stay at home.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, here, take you Caesar’s body.
Mark Antony, shall we give sign of battle?
Mark him.
Mark his condition and the event.
Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy.
Mark how the tyrant writes.
Mark it, nuncle.
Mark me.
Mark me.
Mark the music.
Mark well Metellus Cimber.
Mark, I say, instantly, and carry it so As I have set it down.
Mark, King of Scotland, mark: No sooner justice had, with valor armed, Compelled these skipping kerns to trust their heels, But the Norweyan lord, surveying vantage, With furbished arms and new supplies of men, Began a fresh assault.
Marked you not How that the guilty kindred of the queen Looked pale when they did hear of Clarence' death?
Marry them to your heirs!
Marry, ’tis enough.
Marry, and did.
Marry, and it shall be done tomorrow morning if I live.
Marry, as for Clarence, he is well repaid; He is franked up to fatting for his pains.
Marry, at the very next turning turn of no hand, but turn down indirectly to the Jew’s house.
Marry, before he fell down, when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut.
Marry, before your ladyship, I grant, She puts her tongue a little in her heart And chides with thinking.
Marry, beshrew my hand If it should give your age such cause of fear.
Marry, come up, I trow.
Marry, do I, sir, and I came to acquaint you with a matter.
Marry, for my part, I think the duke hath lost never a man, but one that is like to be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph, if your Majesty know the man.
Marry, God defend his grace should say us nay!
Marry, God forbid!
Marry, he told me so himself; and he said he cared not who knew it.
Marry, heaven forbid!
Marry, heaven forbid!
Marry, here’s grace and a codpiece—that’s a wise man and a fool.
Marry, I fare well, For here is cheer enough.
Marry, I remember it well.
Marry, I saw your niece do more favors to the Count’s servingman than ever she bestowed upon me.
Marry, I will, and this is wisely done.
Marry, I would not do such a thing for a joint-ring, nor for measures of lawn, nor for gowns, petticoats, nor caps, nor any petty exhibition.
Marry, I’ll teach you.
Marry, if he that writ it had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe’s garter, it would have been a fine tragedy.
Marry, it is your brother’s right hand.
Marry, my child, early next Thursday morn, The gallant, young, and noble gentleman, The County Paris, at Saint Peter’s Church, Shall happily make thee there a joyful bride.
Marry, my uncle Clarence' angry ghost.
Marry, now I can tell.
Marry, now I let go your hand, I am barren.
Marry, on Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
Marry, once before he won it of me with false dice.
Marry, patience, Or I shall say you are all in all in spleen, And nothing of a man.
Marry, peace it bodes, and love, and quiet life, And awful rule, and right supremacy, And, to be short, what not that’s sweet and happy?
Marry, sir, be better employed, and be naught awhile.
Marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.
Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of Father Time himself.
Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for nothing.
Marry, sir, in her buttocks.
Marry, sir, lullaby to your bounty till I come again.
Marry, sir, she’s the kitchen wench, and all grease, and I know not what use to put her to but to make a lamp of her and run from her by her own light.
Marry, sir, they have committed false report; moreover, they have spoken untruths; secondarily, they are slanders; sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady; thirdly, they have verified unjust things; and, to conclude, they are lying knaves.
Marry, sir, they praise me and make an ass of me, now my foes tell me plainly I am an ass.
Marry, sir, to bid my old master the Jew to sup tonight with my new master the Christian.
Marry, sir, to get a husband for her sister.
Marry, sir, we say we are none.
Marry, sir, with needle and thread.
Marry, th' athversary was have possession of the pridge, but he is enforced to retire, and the duke of Exeter is master of the pridge.
Marry, that am I and my partner.
Marry, that can Hero!
Marry, that he had received a thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the Lady Hero wrongfully.
Marry, that should you if I were your mistress, or I should think my honesty ranker than my wit.
Marry, that, I think, be young Petruchio.
Marry, they say my uncle grew so fast That he could gnaw a crust at two hours old.
Marry, this is miching
Marry, this it is, sir.
Marry, thou dost wrong me, thou dissembler, thou.
Marry, we were sent for to the justices.
Marry, well remembered.
Marry, well said, very well said.
Marry, will I, sir.
Marry, you may partly hope that your father got you not, that you are not the Jew’s daughter.
Marry, your manhood, mew!
Mars’s hot minion is returned again.
Marvelous sweet music!
Mass, and my elbow itched, I thought there would a scab follow.
Mass, and well said.
Master Constable, you go not the way to examine.
Master Fer.
Master Malvolio?
Master young gentleman, I pray you, which is the way to Master Jew’s?
Master young man, you, I pray you, which is the way to Master Jew’s?
Master, for my hand, Both our inventions meet and jump in one.
Master, go on, and I will follow thee To the last gasp, with truth and loyalty.
Master, here’s The gold you sent me for.
Master, I am here entered in bond for you.
Master, if you do, expect spoon meat; or bespeak a long spoon.
Master, is this Mistress Satan?
Master, knock the door hard.
Master, master, look about you.
Master, master!
Master, mean you so?
Master, shall I be porter at the gate?
Master, some show to welcome us to town.
Master, you looked so longly on the maid, Perhaps you marked not what’s the pith of all.
Masters, let him go.
Masters, masters—   warrant you.
Masters, never speak, we charge you, let us obey you go with us.
Masters, play here, I will content your pains.
Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or three lords and ladies more married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
May ’t please your highness sit.
May ’t please your Majesty to give us leave Freely to render what we have in charge, Or shall we sparingly show you far off The Dauphin’s meaning and our embassy?
May a man do it?
May be she doth but counterfeit.
May I be bold To think these spirits?
May I know?
May I never To this good purpose, that so fairly shows, Dream of impediment!
May I with right and conscience make this claim?
May it be done?
May not one speak?
May one be pardoned and retain th' offense?
May she give that?
May we be gone?
May we do so?
May you stead me?
Maybe he is not well.
Maybe the letter moved him, For, as I think, they do command him home, Deputing Cassio in his government.
Me believe it?
Me they shall feel while I am able to stand, and ’tis known I am a pretty piece of flesh.
Me, a groat?
Me, poor man, my library Was dukedom large enough.
Me, uncle?
Mean you his majesty?
Mean you to enjoy him then?
Meantime forbear, And let mischance be slave to patience.— Bring forth the parties of suspicion.
Meantime God grants that we have need of you.
Meantime I writ to Romeo, That he should hither come as this dire night, To help to take her from her borrowed grave, Being the time the potion’s force should cease.
Meantime we thank you for your well-took labor.
Meantime, but think how I may do thee good, And be inheritor of thy desire.
Meantime, have patience.
Mechanic slaves With greasy aprons, rules, and hammers shall Uplift us to the view.
Meet me and Gratiano At Gratiano’s lodging some hour hence.
Meet me by and by at the citadel.
Meet presently at the palace.
Melt Egypt into Nile, and kindly creatures Turn all to serpents.
Men at some time are masters of their fates.
Men may sleep, and they may have their throats about them at that time, and some say knives have edges.
Men must not walk too late.
Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes, Which after-hours give leisure to repent.
Men should be what they seem, Or those that be not, would they might seem none!
Men that hazard all Do it in hope of fair advantages.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run As it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to look and let them gaze.
Menas, I’ll not on shore.
Mend the instance, shepherd.
Mend when thou canst.
Mend your speech a little, Lest you may mar your fortunes.
Mend” me, thou saucy fellow?
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers, Restrain in me the cursèd thoughts that nature Gives way to in repose.
Mercutio, thou consort’st with Romeo.
Mercutio’s kinsman, noble County Paris.
Mercy but murders, pardoning those that kill.
Mercy, mercy!
Mere prattle without practice Is all his soldiership.
Meseemeth good that with some little train Forthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fet Hither to London, to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have here receivèd letters That young Octavius and Mark Antony Come down upon us with a mighty power, Bending their expedition toward Philippi.
Messala, This is my birthday, as this very day Was Cassius born.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
Methinks he looks as though he were in love.
Methinks his words do from such passion fly, That he believes himself.
Methinks I could not die anywhere so contented as in the king’s company, his cause being just and his quarrel honorable.
Methinks I do.
Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of hay.
Methinks I hear Antony call.
Methinks I see my cousin’s ghost Seeking out Romeo, that did spit his body Upon a rapier’s point.
Methinks I see thee now, thou art so low As one dead in the bottom of a tomb.
Methinks I should know you, and know this man.
Methinks it is like a weasel.
Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king’s fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
Methinks she should not use a long one for such a Pyramus.
Methinks sometimes I have no more wit than a Christian or an ordinary man has.
Methinks the ground is even.
Methinks the wind hath spoke aloud at land, A fuller blast ne'er shook our battlements.
Methinks they are such a gentle nation that, but for the mountain of mad flesh
Methinks thy voice is altered, and thou speak’st In better phrase and matter than thou didst.
Methinks you are my glass, and not my brother: I see by you I am a sweet-faced youth.
Methinks you are too much of late i' th' frown.
Methinks you’re better spoken.
Methinks your maw, like mine, should be your clock, And strike you home without a messenger.
Methinks, mistress, you should have little reason for that.
Methought I had, and often did I strive To yield the ghost, but still the envious flood Stopped in my soul and would not let it forth To find the empty, vast, and wand'ring air, But smothered it within my panting bulk, Who almost burst to belch it in the sea.
Methought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more!
Methought I lay Worse than the mutines in the bilboes.
Methought the billows spoke and told me of it, The winds did sing it to me, and the thunder, That deep and dreadful organ pipe, pronounced The name of Prosper.
Methought their souls whose bodies Richard murdered Came to my tent and cried on victory.
Methoughts I saw a thousand fearful wracks, A thousand men that fishes gnawed upon, Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl, Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels, All scattered in the bottom of the sea.
Methoughts that I had broken from the Tower And was embarked to cross to Burgundy, And in my company my brother Gloucester, Who from my cabin tempted me to walk Upon the hatches.
Michael Cassio, Lieutenant to the warlike Moor Othello, Is come on shore.
Michael, good night.
Milan and Naples have More widows in them of this business' making Than we bring men to comfort them.
Mine ache to think on ’t.
Mine and my father’s death come not upon thee, Nor thine on me.
Mine ear must pluck it thence.
Mine ear, I thank it, brought me to thy sound But why unkindly didst thou leave me so?
Mine eyes did sicken at the sight and could not Endure a further view.
Mine eyes do itch, Doth that bode weeping?
Mine honor was not yielded, But conquered merely.
Mine nightingale, We have beat them to their beds.
Mine shall be spent When theirs are dry, for Romeo’s banishment.
Mine speak of seventy senators that died By their proscriptions, Cicero being one.
Mine was not bridled.
Mine would, sir, were I human.
Mine, and most of our fortunes tonight, shall be—drunk to bed.
Mine’s not an idle cause.
Minion, thou liest.
Minion, your dear lies dead, And your unblest fate hies.
Miranda.—O my father, I have broke your hest to say so!
Miscreant!
Miserable England, I prophesy the fearfull’st time to thee That ever wretched age hath looked upon.— Come, lead me to the block.
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows.
Mistake me not.
Mistake no more.
Mistress and master, you have oft inquired After the shepherd that complained of love, Who you saw sitting by me on the turf, Praising the proud disdainful shepherdess That was his mistress.
Mistress,  Wilt thou still talk?
Mistress, both man and master is possessed.
Mistress, dispatch you with your safest haste, And get you from our court.
Mistress, how mean you that?
Mistress, that you know.
Mistress, upon my life I tell you true.
Mistress, we have.
Mistress, what cheer?
Mistress, you must come away to your father.
Mistress, your father prays you leave your books And help to dress your sister’s chamber up.
Mistress!
Mistress!
Moblèd queen” is good.
Mock not, Enobarbus.
Modo he’s called, and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
Money by me!
Moneys is your suit.
Monsieur the challenger, the Princess calls for you.
Monster, come, put some lime upon your fingers, and away with the rest.
Monster, I do smell all horse piss, at which my nose is in great indignation.
Monster, I will kill this man.
Monster, lay to your fingers.
Monster, your fairy, which you say is a harmless fairy, has done little better than played the jack with us.
Monstrous!
Montague!
Montjoy.
Moody?
Moon and stars!
Mooncalf, speak once in thy life, if thou beest a good mooncalf.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
More company!
More knocking.
More light and light it grows.
More light and light, more dark and dark our woes!
More matter for a May morning.
More of this hereafter.
More of this matter cannot I report.
More pity that the eagle should be mewed While kites and buzzards prey at liberty.
More shall they speak, for now I am bent to know, By the worst means, the worst.
More than pertains to feats of broils and battle, And therefore little shall I grace my cause In speaking for myself.
More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts.
More validity, More honorable state, more courtship lives In carrion flies than Romeo.
More villain thou.—Well, push him out of doors And let my officers of such a nature Make an extent upon his house and lands.
More will I do— Though all that I can do is nothing worth, Since that my penitence comes after all, Imploring pardon.
More wonderful, when angels are so angry.
More, Domitius: My lord desires you presently.
More, I prithee, more.
More, more, I prithee, more.
Moreover that we much did long to see you, The need we have to use you did provoke Our hasty sending.
Moreover, he hath left you all his walks, His private arbors and new-planted orchards, On this side Tiber.
Moreover, urge his hateful luxury And bestial appetite in change of lust, Which stretched to their servants, daughters, wives, Even where his raging eye or savage heart, Without control, lusted to make his prey.
Morton is fled to Richmond, And Buckingham, backed with the hardy Welshmen, Is in the field, and still his power increaseth.
Most absolute lord, My mistress Cleopatra sent me to thee.
Most certain, if you are she, you do usurp yourself, for what is yours to bestow is not yours to reserve.
Most certain, sir.
Most certain.
Most certain.
Most certain.
Most constantly.
Most detestable Death, by thee beguiled, By cruel, cruel thee quite overthrown!
Most excellent accomplished lady, the heavens rain odors on you!
Most gracious Duke, To my unfolding lend your prosperous ear And let me find a charter in your voice, T' assist my simpleness.
Most gracious majesty!
Most happy!
Most heartily I do beseech the court To give the judgment.
Most heathenish and most gross!
Most heavy day!
Most high, most mighty, and most puissant Caesar, Metellus Cimber throws before thy seat An humble heart—     I must prevent thee, Cimber.
Most kind messenger, Say to great Caesar this in deputation: I kiss his conqu’ring hand.
Most learnèd judge, a sentence!
Most like a gentleman.
Most like.
Most meet That first we come to words, and therefore have we Our written purposes before us sent, Which, if thou hast considered, let us know If ’twill tie up thy discontented sword And carry back to Sicily much tall youth That else must perish here.
Most mighty Caesar, let me know some cause, Lest I be laughed at when I tell them so.
Most mighty duke, behold a man much wronged.
Most mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word.
Most mighty sovereign, You have no cause to hold my friendship doubtful.
Most mischievous foul sin in chiding sin, For thou thyself hast been a libertine, As sensual as the brutish sting itself, And all th' embossèd sores and headed evils That thou with license of free foot hast caught Wouldst thou disgorge into the general world.
Most miserable hour that e'er time saw In lasting labor of his pilgrimage.
Most monsterlike be shown For poor’st diminutives, for dolts, and let Patient Octavia plow thy visage up With her preparèd nails!
Most monstrous, oh!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Most noble Empress, you have heard of me?
Most noble sir, arise.
Most radiant, exquisite and unmatchable beauty—I pray you, tell me if this be the lady of the house, for I never saw her.
Most reverend signior, do you know my voice?
Most rightful judge!
Most royal majesty, I crave no more than hath your highness offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance is ’scaped.
Most savage and unnatural!
Most shallow man.
Most sincerely.
Most sure and vulgar.
Most sweet lady— A comfortable doctrine, and much may be said of it.
Most true.
Most veritable, therefore look to ’t well.
Most villanously, like a pedant that keeps a school i' the church.
Most welcome home!
Most wonderful!
Motley’s the only wear.
Moved,” in good time.
Much castigation, exercise devout, For here’s a young and sweating devil here, That commonly rebels.
Much good do you, scald knave, heartily.
Much is breeding Which, like the courser’s hair, hath yet but life, And not a serpent’s poison.
Much will be seen in that.
Muffle me, night, awhile.
Mum, then, and no more.
Murder and treason!
Murder most foul, as in the best it is.
Murder, murder!
Murder!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius, for pulling scarfs off Caesar’s images, are put to silence.
Music i’ th’ air.
Music such as charmeth sleep!
Music, hark.
Music, ho!
Music, moody food Of us that trade in love.
Must I bite?
Must she not then be answered?
Must there no more be done?
Mustardseed.
mutinies, in countries discord, in palaces treason, and the bond cracked ’twixt son and father.
Mutton?
My affections Are then most humble.
My arm is sore.
My babes were destined to a fairer death If grace had blessed thee with a fairer life.
My back a' t' other side.
My banquet is to close our stomachs up, After our great good cheer.
My being in Egypt, Caesar, what was ’t to you?
My best endeavours shall be done herein.
My best way is to creep under his gaberdine.
My bond to the Jew is forfeit.
My bones would rest, That have but labored to attain this hour.
My books and instruments shall be my company, On them to look and practice by myself.
My boon I make it that you know me not Till time and I think meet.
My bounty is as boundless as the sea, My love as deep.
My brave spirit!
My breath and blood!
My brother and thy uncle, called Antonio— I pray thee, mark me (that a brother should Be so perfidious!
My brother Gloucester’s voice.—Ay, I know thy errand.
My brother hath a daughter, Almost the copy of my child that’s dead, And she alone is heir to both of us.
My brother he is in Elysium.
My brother killed no man; his fault was thought, And yet his punishment was bitter death.
My brother never Did urge me in his act.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my rage.
My brother’s servants Were then my fellows.
My cake is dough, but I’ll in among the rest, Out of hope of all but my share of the feast.
My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner.
My charity is outrage, life my shame, And in that shame still live my sorrows' rage.
My charms crack not, my spirits obey, and time Goes upright with his carriage.
My charms I’ll break, their senses I’ll restore, And they shall be themselves.
My child is yet a stranger in the world.
My child, my only life, Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!— Help, help!
My children too?
My clerk hath some good comforts too for you.
My comfort is that old age, that ill layer-up of beauty, can do no more spoil upon my face.
My countryman, but yet I know him not.
My countrymen—     Peace, silence!
My cousin means Signor Benedick of Padua.
My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin’s a fool, and thou art another.
My creditors grow cruel.
My curses on her!
My dagger, little cousin?
My daughter he hath wedded.
My daughter tells us all.
My daughter!
My daughter’s mother thinks it with her soul.
My dear lord, You know the fiery quality of the duke, How unremoveable and fixed he is In his own course.
My dear master, My captain, and my emperor, let me say, Before I strike this bloody stroke, farewell.
My dear Othello!
My dear’st sister!
My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?
My dearest coz, I pray you school yourself.
My dearest love, Duncan comes here tonight.
My decayèd fair A sunny look of his would soon repair.
My deeds upon my head.
My determinate voyage is mere extravagancy.
My dismal scene I needs must act alone.
My door is lock’d.
My dukedom to a beggarly denier, I do mistake my person all this while!
My duty cannot suffer To obey in all your daughters' hard commands.
My duty hushes me.
My duty to you both, on equal love, Great kings of France and England.
My duty, madam, and most humble service.
My estate is very low.
My ever-gentle cousin, welcome hither.
My excellent good friends!
My face I’ll grime with filth, Blanket my loins, elf all my hair in knots, And with presented nakedness outface The winds and persecutions of the sky.
My fair Bianca, bid my father welcome, While I with selfsame kindness welcome thine.
My fair Rosalind, I come within an hour of my promise.
My fairy lord, this must be done with haste.
My falcon now is sharp and passing empty, And, till she stoop, she must not be full-gorged, For then she never looks upon her lure.
My fan, Peter.
My father charged you in his will to give me good education.
My father compounded with my mother under the dragon’s tail and my nativity was under Ursa Major, so that it follows I am rough and lecherous.
My father dead, my fortune lives for me.
My father had a daughter loved a man As it might be, perhaps, were I a woman, I should your lordship.
My father Is hard at study.
My father is not dead, for all your saying.
My father loved Sir Rowland as his soul, And all the world was of my father’s mind.
My father was no traitor.
My father watches.
My father—methinks I see my father.
My father, poorly led?
My father’s bears more toward the marketplace.
My father’s death—      Thy life hath it dishonored.
My father’s loss, the weakness which I feel, The wrack of all my friends, nor this man’s threats, To whom I am subdued, are but light to me, Might I but through my prison once a day Behold this maid.
My father’s love is enough to honor him.
My father’s spirit in arms.
My fault, but not my body, pardon, sovereign.
My fool usurps my body.
My friend, thy husband, honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me as much, and I thought no less.
My gentleman, Cesario?
My good friends, hark!
My good friends, I’ll leave you till night.
My good knave Eros, now thy captain is Even such a body.
My good lord.
My good lords both, with all the heed I can.
My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire, As I by friends am well advertisèd, Sir Edward Courtney and the haughty prelate, Bishop of Exeter, his elder brother, With many more confederates are in arms.
My gracious sovereign.
My grandam told me he was murdered there.
My hair doth stand an end to hear her curses.
My heart is sorry for your daughter’s death, But, on my honor, she was charged with nothing But what was true and very full of proof.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble pledge.
My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse.
My hearty friends, You take me in too dolorous a sense, For I spake to you for your comfort, did desire you To burn this night with torches.
My honored lord!
My hour is almost come When I to sulfurous and tormenting flames Must render up myself.
My house was at the Phoenix?
My husband is on earth, my faith in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, And often up and down my sons were tossed For me to joy, and weep, their gain and loss.
My husband say that she was false!
My husband, then?
My husband!
My husband!
My husband?
My industrious servant, Ariel!
My invocation Is fair and honest.
My kind Antonio, I can no other answer make but thanks, And thanks, and ever thanks.
My lady bade me tell you, that, though she harbors you as her kinsman, she’s nothing allied to your disorders.
My lady charged my duty in this business.
My Lady Grey his wife, Clarence, ’tis she That tempers him to this extremity.
My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
My lady is within, sir.
My lady will hang thee for thy absence.
My lady would not lose him for more than I’ll say.
My language!
My learnèd lord, we pray you to proceed And justly and religiously unfold Why the law Salic that they have in France Or should or should not bar us in our claim.
My leg is cut in two.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.— My lord, we must entreat the time alone.
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.
My liberty.
My liege and madam, to expostulate What majesty should be, what duty is, Why day is day, night night, and time is time, Were nothing but to waste night, day, and time.
My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, that, look your Grace, has struck the glove which your Majesty is take out of the helmet of Alençon.
My liege, I am advisèd what I say, Neither disturbed with the effect of wine, Nor heady-rash, provoked with raging ire, Albeit my wrongs might make one wiser mad.
My liege, They are not yet come back.
My liege, this was my glove; here is the fellow of it.
My liege, your highness now may do me good.
My liege.
My life is run his compass.
My life upon ’t, young though thou art, thine eye Hath stay’d upon some favor that it loves.
My life upon her faith!—Honest Iago, My Desdemona must I leave to thee.
My life were better ended by their hate Than death proroguèd, wanting of thy love.
My life will be too short, And every measure fail me.
My life, sir!
My little spirit, see, Sits in a foggy cloud and stays for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
My lord and lady, it is now our time, That have stood by and seen our wishes prosper, To cry, “Good joy, good joy, my lord and lady!” My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady, I wish you all the joy that you can wish, For I am sure you can wish none from me.
My lord and master loves you.
My lord and you were then at Mantua.— Nay, I do bear a brain.—But, as I said, When it did taste the wormwood on the nipple Of my dug and felt it bitter, pretty fool, To see it tetchy and fall out with the dug!
My lord approaches.
My Lord Bassanio gave his ring away Unto the judge that begged it and indeed Deserved it too.
My Lord Bassanio, let him have the ring.
My Lord Bassanio, since you have found Antonio, We two will leave you.
My Lord Constable, the armor that I saw in your tent tonight, are those stars or suns upon it?
My Lord High Constable, the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My lord is dead.
My lord is not my lord, nor should I know him Were he in favor as in humor altered.
My lord is often thus And hath been from his youth.
My lord it shall be done.
My lord of Burgundy.
My Lord of Cambridge, and my kind Lord of Masham, And you, my gentle knight, give me your thoughts.
My lord of Gloucester hath conveyed him hence.
My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long borne Your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs.
My Lord of Norfolk— Here, most gracious liege.
My lord of Orléans, and my Lord High Constable, you talk of horse and armor?
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, And you, Sir Walter Herbert, stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, Follow Fluellen closely at the heels.
My Lord of Warwick, here is, praised be God for it, a most contagious treason come to light, look you, as you shall desire in a summer’s day.
My lord Sebastian, The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness And time to speak it in.
My lord shall never rest, I’ll watch him tame and talk him out of patience.
My Lord— Ay, what’s o'clock?
My lord, for aught I know.
My lord, from head to foot.
My lord, good morrow.
My lord, he doth deny to come.
My lord, he is but even now gone hence.
My lord, he’s going to his mother’s closet.
My lord, his majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings.
My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.
My lord, I cannot.
My lord, I claim the gift, my due by promise, For which your honor and your faith is pawned— Th' earldom of Hereford and the movables Which you promisèd I shall possess.
My lord, I did intend it.
My lord, I did, But answer made it none.
My lord, I do not know that I did cry.
My lord, I do protest—    O, do not swear!
My lord, I have considered in my mind The late request that you did sound me in.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I have remembrances of yours That I have longèd long to redeliver.
My lord, I have.
My lord, I hold my life as dear as you do yours, And never in my days, I do protest, Was it so precious to me as ’tis now.
My lord, I know not what the matter is, but to my judgment your highness is not entertained with that ceremonious affection as you were wont.
My lord, I shall reply amazèdly, Half sleep, half waking.
My lord, I take my leave.
My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
My lord, I warrant you we will play our part As he shall think by our true diligence He is no less than what we say he is.
My lord, I will not.
My lord, I will use them according to their desert.
My lord, I would that Thursday were tomorrow.
My lord, I’ll tell you that self bill is urged Which in th' eleventh year of the last king’s reign Was like, and had indeed against us passed But that the scambling and unquiet time Did push it out of farther question.
My lord, in Athens.
My lord, Mark Antony, Hearing that you prepared for war, acquainted My grievèd ear withal, whereon I begged His pardon for return.
My lord, most humbly on my knee I beg The leading of the vaward.
My lord, my lord— I will not hear you.
My lord, my lord, I’ll prove it on his body if he dare, Despite his nice fence and his active practice, His May of youth and bloom of lustihood.
My lord, my lord!
My lord, that would dishonor him!
My lord, the army of great Buckingham— Out on you, owls!
My lord, the enemy is past the marsh.
My lord, the first time that I ever saw him Methought he was a brother to your daughter.
My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
My lord, the queen would speak with you, and presently.
My lord, the roinish clown, at whom so oft Your Grace was wont to laugh, is also missing.
My lord, there needs no such apology.
My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband.
My lord, this would not be believed in Venice, Though I should swear I saw ’t.
My lord, upon the platform where we watch.
My lord, we were sent for.
My lord, we will not.
My lord, what is your will?
My lord, when at their home I did commend your highness' letters to them.
My lord, whoever journeys to the prince, For God’s sake let not us two at home.
My lord, you know I love you.
My lord, you nod.
My lord, you once did love me.
My lord, you shall o'errule my mind for once.— Come on, Lord Hastings, will you go with me?
My lord, your nobles, jealous of your absence, Seek through your camp to find you.
My lord, your promise for the earldom— Richmond!
My lord!
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord.
My lord.
My lord.
My love doth so approve him That even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns— Prithee, unpin me—have grace and favor.
My love is thine to teach.
My love thou art, my love, I think.
My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!
My maid Nerissa and myself meantime Will live as maids and widows.
My master calls me.
My master hath appointed me to go to Saint Luke’s to bid the priest be ready to come against you come with your appendix.
My master is grown quarrelsome.
My master is the great rich Capulet, and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray come and crush a cup of wine.
My master stays in the street.
My master will be here ere morning.
My master, and my lord!
My master, not myself, lacks recompense.
My master’s a very Jew.
My master’s mind.
My master’s.
My masters, are you mad?
My matter hath no voice, lady, but to your own most pregnant and vouchsafed ear.
My men should call me “lord.” I am your goodman.
My mind hath been as big as one of yours, My heart as great, my reason haply more, To bandy word for word and frown for frown.
My mind is changed.
My mind was never yet more mercenary.
My mistress and her sister stays for you.
My mistress here lies murdered in her bed— Oh, heavens forfend!
My mistress showed me thee and thy dog and thy bush.
My mistress with a monster is in love.
My mistress, dearest, and I thus humble ever.
My mistress, sir,” quoth I.
My money is almost spent, I have been tonight exceedingly well cudgeled, and I think the issue will be I shall have so much experience for my pains.
My more particular, And that which most with you should safe my going, Is Fulvia’s death.
My most dear Gloucester!
My most dear lord!
My most exquisite Sir Topas!
My mother.
My naked weapon is out.
My name is Edgar, and thy father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol called.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
My name’s Macbeth.
My necessaries are embarked.
My news I might have told hereafter.
My news shall be the fruit to that great feast.
My niece is already in the belief that he’s mad.
My niece Plantagenet Led in the hand of her kind aunt of Gloucester?
My niece shall take note of it, and assure thyself, there is no love-broker in the world can more prevail in man’s commendation with woman than report of valor.
My noble brother!
My noble father, I do perceive here a divided duty.
My noble girls!
My noble lord— What dost thou say, Iago?
My noble lords and cousins all, good morrow.
My noble uncle, do you know the cause?
My nyas?
My old bones ache.
My old brain is troubled.
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
My other self, my council’s consistory, My oracle, my prophet, my dear cousin, I, as a child, will go by thy direction Toward Ludlow then, for we’ll not stay behind.
My own flesh and blood to rebel!
My parts, my title, and my perfect soul Shall manifest me rightly.
My people do already know my mind And will acknowledge you and Jessica In place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My powers are crescent, and my auguring hope Says it will come to th’ full.
My prayers, minx?
My precious Queen, forbear, And give true evidence to his love which stands An honorable trial.
My present business calls me from you now.
My pretty cousins, you mistake me both.
My purpose is, indeed, a horse of that color.
My purposes do draw me much about.
My quaint Ariel, Hark in thine ear.
My Queen and Eros Have by their brave instruction got upon me A nobleness in record.
My Regan counsels well.
My remedy is then to pluck it out.
My remembrance is very free and clear from any image of offense done to any man.
My reputation, Iago, my reputation!
My resolution and my hands I’ll trust, None about Caesar.
My resolution’s placed, and I have nothing Of woman in me.
My royal cousin, teach you our princess English?
My royal lord, You do not give the cheer.
My salad days, When I was green in judgment, cold in blood, To say as I said then.
My servant, sir!
My services to your lordship.
My services which I have done the signiory Shall out-tongue his complaints.
My ships come home a month before the day.
My sickness grows upon me.
My sight was ever thick.
My sister may receive it much more worse To have her gentleman abused, assaulted For following her affairs.—Put in his legs.
My son Came then into my mind, and yet my mind Was then scarce friends with him.
My soul doth tell me Hero is belied, And that shall Claudio know; so shall the Prince And all of them that thus dishonor her.
My soul is full of sorrow.
My soul is heavy, and I fain would sleep.
My soul shall thine keep company to heaven.
My soul, and not my child!
My sovereign lord, I do beseech your Highness To take our brother Clarence to your grace.
My spirits are nimble.
My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up.
My stomach is not constant.
My strange and self-abuse Is the initiate fear that wants hard use.
My suit to her Is that she will to virtuous Desdemona Procure me some access.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet mistress Weeps when she sees me work, and says such baseness Had never like executor.
My sword is drawn.
My sword, I say!
My tables!—Meet it is I set it down That one may smile, and smile, and be a villain.
My tale provokes that question.
My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, Henceforth be earls, the first that ever Scotland In such an honor named.
My tongue and soul in this be hypocrites.
My uncle?
My very hairs do mutiny, for the white Reprove the brown for rashness, and they them For fear and doting.
My villainy they have upon record, which I had rather seal with my death than repeat over to my shame.
My villainy?
My visor is Philemon’s roof; within the house is Jove.
My voice is in my sword.
My voice is now the king’s, my looks mine own.
My voice is ragged.
My way is now to hie home to his house And tell his wife that, being lunatic, He rushed into my house and took perforce My ring away.
My wayward husband hath a hundred times
My wife is coming yonder.
My wife killed too?
My will, not all the world.
My wit’s diseased.
My wits begin to turn.—   Come on, my boy.
My wits faints.
My words are as full of peace as matter.
My words are dull.
My words would bandy her to my sweet love, And his to me.
My worthy Cawdor!
My worthy lord, Your noble friends do lack you.
My young master doth expect your reproach.
My young remembrance cannot parallel A fellow to it.
Myself am Naples, Who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheld The king my father wracked.
Myself and what is mine to you and yours Is now converted.
Myself have letters of the selfsame tenor.
Myself have to mine own turned enemy.
Myself myself confound, Heaven and fortune bar me happy hours, Day, yield me not thy light, nor night thy rest, Be opposite all planets of good luck To my proceedings if, with dear heart’s love, Immaculate devotion, holy thoughts, I tender not thy beauteous princely daughter.
Myself the man i' th' moon do seem to be— This is the greatest error of all the rest.
Myself, he, and my sister Today did dine together.
Myself?
Naked in bed, Iago, and not mean harm!
Name Cleopatra as she is called in Rome.
Name him.
Name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy.
Name them.
Name what part I am for and proceed.
Nathaniel’s coat, sir, was not fully made, And Gabriel’s pumps were all unpinked i' th' heel.
Nature in you stands on the very verge Of his confine.
Nature presently distilled Helen’s cheek, but not her heart, Cleopatra’s majesty, Atalanta’s better part, Sad Lucretia’s modesty.
Nature wants stuff To vie strange forms with fancy, yet t’ imagine An Antony were nature’s piece ’gainst fancy, Condemning shadows quite.
Natures of such deep trust we shall much need.
Naught that I am, Not for their own demerits, but for mine, Fell slaughter on their souls.
Naught’s had, all’s spent, Where our desire is got without content.
Naughty lady, These hairs which thou dost ravish from my chin Will quicken and accuse thee.
Nay then, come on, and take the chance of anger.
Nay then, I will not.
Nay then, I’ll run.
Nay then, let the devil wear black, for I’ll have a suit of sables.
Nay, ’tis most certain, Iras.
Nay, ’tis no matter, sir, what he 'leges in Latin.
Nay, ’tis twice two months, my lord.
Nay, an I tell you that, I’ll ne'er look you i' th' face again.
Nay, an there were two such, we should have none shortly, for one would kill the other.
Nay, an thou canst not smile as the wind sits, thou'lt catch cold shortly.
Nay, an you be a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked to.
Nay, an you be so tardy, come no more in my sight.
Nay, an you will not, sir, I’ll take my heels.
Nay, and I will.
Nay, and most like.
Nay, as they dare.
Nay, blush not, Cleopatra.
Nay, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone.
Nay, but he prated And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your honor That, with the little godliness I have, I did full hard forbear him.
Nay, but hear me.
Nay, but his jesting spirit, which is now crept into a lute string and now governed by stops— Indeed, that tells a heavy tale for him.
Nay, but how dearly he adores Mark Antony!
Nay, but I bar tonight.
Nay, but I know who loves him.
Nay, but say true, does it work upon him?
Nay, but swear ’t.
Nay, but the devil take mocking.
Nay, but this dotage of our general’s O’erflows the measure.
Nay, but who is it?
Nay, but, Ophelia— Pray you, mark.
Nay, by 'r Lady, I am not such a fool to think what I list, nor I list not to think what I can, nor indeed I cannot think, if I would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love or that you will be in love or that you can be in love.
Nay, by 'r Lady, that I think he cannot.
Nay, by Saint Jamy, I hold you a penny, A horse and a man Is more than one And yet not many.
Nay, certainly, I have heard the Ptolemies’ pyramises are very goodly things.
Nay, come again, Good Kate.
Nay, come, again.
Nay, come, I pray you, sir, give me the chain.
Nay, come, I prithee.
Nay, come, Kate, come.
Nay, come, let’s go together.
Nay, do not pause; for I did kill King Henry— But ’twas thy beauty that provokèd me.
Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man.
Nay, faith, I’ll see the church a' your back, and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
Nay, faith, let me not play a woman.
Nay, for a need, thus far come near my person: Tell them when that my mother went with child Of that insatiate Edward, noble York My princely father then had wars in France, And, by true computation of the time, Found that the issue was not his begot, Which well appearèd in his lineaments, Being nothing like the noble duke my father.
Nay, forward, old man.
Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone.
Nay, get thee gone.
Nay, go not back.
Nay, good goose, bite not.
Nay, good lieutenant!
Nay, good Lysander.
Nay, good my fellows, do not please sharp fate To grace it with your sorrows.
Nay, good my lord, this courtesy is not of the right breed.
Nay, good Sir Toby.
Nay, good, be patient.
Nay, guiltiness Will speak, though tongues were out of use.
Nay, had I power, I should Pour the sweet milk of concord into hell, Uproar the universal peace, confound All unity on earth.
Nay, he hath but a little beard.
Nay, he reserved a blanket, else we had been all shamed.
Nay, he rubs himself with civet.
Nay, he will answer the letter’s master, how he dares, being dared.
Nay, hear him.
Nay, hear them, Antony.
Nay, heaven doth know.
Nay, how now, where are you?
Nay, how will you do for a husband?
Nay, I am for all waters.
Nay, I am sure it is, Volumnius.
Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.
Nay, I bear it on my shoulders as a beggar wont her brat, and I think when he hath lamed me, I shall beg with it from door to door.
Nay, I beseech you, sir, be not out with me.
Nay, I care not for their names.
Nay, I dare not swear it.
Nay, I have done.
Nay, I have offered all, I have no more, And she can have no more than all I have.
Nay, I have ta'en you napping, gentle love, And have forsworn you with Hortensio.
Nay, I hope.
Nay, I know not.
Nay, I pray you let me go.
Nay, I prithee now, with most petitionary vehemence, tell me who it is.
Nay, I prithee stay a little.
Nay, I prithee, put on this gown and this beard.
Nay, I shall ne'er be ware of mine own wit till I break my shins against it.
Nay, I think it is scurvy, and begin to find myself fopped in it.
Nay, I will do so.
Nay, I will give thee a kiss.
Nay, I’ll come.
Nay, I’ll conjure too!
Nay, I’ll go with thee, cheek by jowl.
Nay, I’ll help too.
Nay, I’ll ne'er believe a madman till I see his brains.
Nay, if an oily palm be not a fruitful prognostication, I cannot scratch mine ear.—Prithee, tell her but a workaday fortune.
Nay, if our wits run the wild-goose chase, I am done, for thou hast more of the wild-goose in one of thy wits than, I am sure, I have in my whole five.
Nay, if they lead to any ill, I will leave them at the next turning.
Nay, if you be an undertaker, I am for you.
Nay, if you strive— But half an hour!
Nay, indeed if you had your eyes, you might fail of the knowing me.
Nay, it is possible enough to judgment.
Nay, it is true, or else I am a Turk.
Nay, it is.
Nay, lay thee down and roar, For thou hast killed the sweetest innocent That e'er did lift up eye.
Nay, let him alone.
Nay, let me alone for swearing.
Nay, let me praise you while I have a stomach.
Nay, let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
Nay, let’s follow him.
Nay, like enough, for I stay dinner there.
Nay, more, if any born at Ephesus Be seen at any Syracusian marts and fairs; Again, if any Syracusian born Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies, His goods confiscate to the Duke’s dispose, Unless a thousand marks be levièd To quit the penalty and to ransom him.
Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword.
Nay, not sound, I pray you.
Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing.
Nay, pray be covered.
Nay, pray you throw none away.
Nay, press not so upon me.
Nay, pursue him now, lest the device take air and taint.
Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands.
Nay, send in time!
Nay, she is worse; she is the devil’s dam, and here she comes in the habit of a light wench.
Nay, stay.
Nay, take my life and all.
Nay, that he did not.
Nay, that would be as great a soil in the new gloss of your marriage as to show a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it.
Nay, that you shall not.
Nay, that’s certain.
Nay, that’s certain.
Nay, that’s certain.
Nay, that’s certain.
Nay, that’s not so.
Nay, that’s not your way.
Nay, that’s true, that’s very true.
Nay, the dust Should have ascended to the roof of heaven, Raised by your populous troops.
Nay, the man hath no wit that cannot, from the rising of the lark to the lodging of the lamb, vary deserved praise on my palfrey.
Nay, their endeavor keeps in the wonted pace.
Nay, then I must have an ounce or two of this malapert blood from you.
Nay, then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee, Having bought love with such a bloody spoil.
Nay, then thou lov’st it not And all my pains is sorted to no proof.
Nay, then you lie.
Nay, then— Well, well, th' event.
Nay, then, good night our part.
Nay, then, thou mock’st me.
Nay, then, thus: We came into the world like brother and brother, And now let’s go hand in hand, not one before another.
Nay, then.
Nay, this was but his dream.
Nay, very pale.
Nay, we must think men are not gods, Nor of them look for such observances As fit the bridal.
Nay, we will all of us be there to fetch him.
Nay, we will slink away in supper time, Disguise us at my lodging, and return, All in an hour.
Nay, weep not, gentle Eros.
Nay, when I have a suit Wherein I mean to touch your love indeed It shall be full of poise and difficult weight And fearful to be granted.
Nay, yet there’s more in this.
Nay, you must call me Rosalind.—Come, sister, will you go?
Nay, you must forget that.
Nay, you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion’s neck.
Nay, you need not fear us, Lorenzo.
Nay, you were a fragment Of Gneius Pompey’s, besides what hotter hours, Unregistered in vulgar fame, you have Luxuriously picked out.
Nay, you were better speak first, and when you were graveled for lack of matter, you might take occasion to kiss.
Ne'er a fantastical knave of them all shall flout me out of my calling.
Ne'er may I look on day, nor sleep on night But she tells to your Highness simple truth.
Near and on speedy foot.
Nearest his heart”—those are the very words.
Need and oppression starveth in thine eyes.
Need you my help?
Neglected, rather, And then when poisoned hours had bound me up From mine own knowledge.
Neighbors and friends, though bride and bridegroom wants For to supply the places at the table, You know there wants no junkets at the feast.
Neighbors, God speed.
Neither can be enjoyed If both remain alive.
Neither good nor bad.
Neither my husband nor the slave returned That in such haste I sent to seek his master?
Neither rhyme nor reason can express how much.
Neither to you nor any one, having no witness to confirm my speech.
Neither, my lord.
Neither.
Nerissa teaches me what to believe.
Never alone Did the king sigh, but with a general groan.
Never anger Made good guard for itself.
Never at quiet.
Never believe it.
Never came poison from so sweet a place.
Never come such division ’tween our souls.
Never did faithful subject more rejoice At the discovery of most dangerous treason Than I do at this hour joy o'er myself, Prevented from a damnèd enterprise.
Never did I know A creature that did bear the shape of man So keen and greedy to confound a man.
Never excuse—for when the players are all dead, there needs none to be blamed.
Never fear that.
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
Never in your life, I think, unless you see canary put me down.
Never king of England Had nobles richer, and more loyal subjects, Whose hearts have left their bodies here in England And lie pavilioned in the fields of France.
Never make denial.
Never make known what you have seen tonight.
Never so rich a gem Was set in worse than gold.
Never talk to me.
Never till this day Saw I him touched with anger so distempered.
Never to speak of this that you have seen.
Never trust me, then.
Never was monarch better feared and loved Than is your Majesty.
Never was seen so black a day as this.
Never—O fault!—revealed myself unto him Until some half-hour past, when I was armed.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
Never, my lord.
Never, till Caesar’s three and thirty wounds Be well avenged, or till another Caesar Have added slaughter to the sword of traitors.
Never.
News from Verona!—How now, Balthasar?
News have I that my Nell is dead i' th' spital Of a malady of France, And there my rendezvous is quite cut off.
News, friends!
News, lads, Our wars are done!
News, madam.
News, my good lord, from Rome.
News, old news, and such news as you never heard of!
Next month with us.
Next, Cleopatra does confess thy greatness, Submits her to thy might, and of thee craves The circle of the Ptolemies for her heirs, Now hazarded to thy grace.
Niece, will you look to those things I told you of?
Niggard of question, but of our demands Most free in his reply.
Night hangs upon mine eyes.
Night’s candles are burnt out, and jocund day Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops.
Nine or ten times I had thought t' have yerked him here under the ribs.
Ninus' tomb,” man.
No “master,” sir, but a poor man’s son.
No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity.
No better.
No blown ambition doth our arms incite, But love—dear love!—and our aged father’s right.
No boasting like a fool.
No cause, no cause.
No child but Hero; she’s his only heir.
No cock of mine.
No disgrace Shall fall you for refusing him at sea, Being prepared for land.
No doubt but he hath got a quiet catch.
No doubt the murd'rous knife was dull and blunt Till it was whetted on thy stone-hard heart, To revel in the entrails of my lambs.
No doubt, my liege, if each man do his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
No epilogue, I pray you, for your play needs no excuse.
No evil lost is wailed when it is gone.
No eyes in your head, nor no money in your purse?
No farther than the Tower, and, as I guess, Upon the like devotion as yourselves, To gratulate the gentle princes there.
No further, sir.
No further, sir.
No going then!
No grave upon the earth shall clip in it A pair so famous.
No greater heart in thee?
No harm.
No hope that way is Another way so high a hope that even Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond, But doubt discovery there.
No jewel is like Rosalind.
No jutty, frieze, Buttress, nor coign of vantage, but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle.
No king of England if not king of France.
No man must know.” If this should be thee, Malvolio?
No man must know.” What follows?
No man that’s born of woman Shall e'er have power upon thee.” Then fly, false thanes, And mingle with the English epicures.
No man’s life was to be trusted with them.
No marrying ’mong his subjects?
No marvel then, though he were ill affected.
No marvel though she pause; They can be meek that have no other cause.
No marvel, lord, though it affrighted you.
No masque tonight.
No matter whither, so you come not here.
No matter, since They have left their viands behind, for we have stomachs.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can do thee good.
No messenger but thine, and all alone Tonight we’ll wander through the streets and note The qualities of people.
No money, on my faith, but the gleek.
No more a soldier.
No more amazement.
No more be done.
No more but e’en a woman, and commanded By such poor passion as the maid that milks And does the meanest chares.
No more but so?
No more light answers.
No more of drowning, do you hear?
No more of that.
No more of that.
No more perchance does mine, nor his, nor hers.
No more than from my soul I mourn for yours.
No more than my residing here at Rome Might be to you in Egypt.
No more that thane of Cawdor shall deceive Our bosom interest: go pronounce his present death, And with his former title greet Macbeth.
No more with me.
No more words.
No more, cousin.
No more, I pray thee.
No more, I pray you.
No more, no more.
No more!
No more.
No more.
No more.
No more.
No news of them?
No noise, and enter.
No occupation.
No offense i' th' world.
No pains, sir.
No passage?
No place will please me so, no mean of death, As here by Caesar, and by you cut off, The choice and master spirits of this age.
No port is free, no place That guard and most unusual vigilance Does not attend my taking.
No seconds?
No shame but mine.
No slander.
No sovereignty—     Yet he would be king on ’t.
No such jade as you, if me you mean.
No Thisbe do I see.
No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest.
No watch?
No way but gentleness, gently, gently.
No woman’s heart So big, to hold so much.
No wonder, my lord.
No wonder, sir, But certainly a maid.
No words can that woe sound.
No words.
No, ’tis hereafter to know, but now to promise.
No, ’tis not so deep as a well nor so wide as a church-door, but ’tis enough, ’twill serve.
No, ’twas the vane on the house.
No, alas, I found it And I did give ’t my husband.
No, and swears she never will.
No, Antony, take the lot.
No, as I am a Christian.
No, as I shall be saved.
No, believe me.
No, boy.
No, but she let it drop by negligence And, to th' advantage, I being here, took ’t up.
No, but the barber’s man hath been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek hath already stuffed tennis balls.
No, but to the gate, and there will the devil meet me like an old cuckold with horns on his head, and say, “Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven; here’s no place for you maids.” So deliver I up my apes and away to Saint Peter.
No, by mine honor, madam.
No, by my life and soul!
No, by no means.
No, by no means.
No, by this hand.
No, by this heavenly light!
No, Caesar hath it not.
No, Caesar shall not.
No, Caesar, we will answer on their charge.
No, Cassio is not killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No, Corin, being old, thou canst not guess, Though in thy youth thou wast as true a lover As ever sighed upon a midnight pillow.
No, cousin, I’ll to Fife.
No, coz, I rather weep.
No, dear Queen, For we intend so to dispose you as Yourself shall give us counsel.
No, fair princess.
No, faith, die by attorney.
No, faith, hate him not, for my sake.
No, faith, I’ll not stay a jot longer.
No, faith, lords and great men will not let me.
No, faith, my coz, wish not a man from England.
No, faith, not a jot.
No, for I hold him to be unworthy of his place that does those things.
No, forbear.
No, good mother.
No, great king.
No, hath not?
No, he doth but mistake the truth totally.
No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in Athens.
No, he’s a yeoman that has a gentleman to his son, for he’s a mad yeoman that sees his son a gentleman before him.
No, he’s in Tartar limbo, worse than hell.
No, heavens forfend, I would not kill thy soul!
No, his mouth is stopped.
No, I am a Welshman.
No, I am promised forth.
No, I do not know you, nor I am not sent to you by my lady, to bid you come speak with her, nor your name is not Master Cesario, nor this is not my nose neither.
No, I pray thee speak in sober judgment.
No, I protest, I know not the contents.
No, I warrant you.
No, I warrant your Grace you shall not entreat him to a second, that have so mightily persuaded him from a first.
No, I went round to work, And my young mistress thus I did bespeak: “Lord Hamlet is a prince out of thy star.
No, I will be the pattern of all patience.
No, I will go seek Some ditch wherein to die.
No, I will not cast away my physic but on those that are sick.
No, I will not.
No, I will weep no more.
No, I’ll not weep.
No, if without more words you will get you hence.
No, indeed are they not.
No, indeed, my lord.
No, indeed, my lord.
No, indeed, sir; the Lady Olivia has no folly.
No, it begins again.
No, it is Casca, one incorporate To our attempts.
No, it is not possible you should love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it is struck.
No, It is thyself, mine own self’s better part, Mine eye’s clear eye, my dear heart’s dearer heart, My food, my fortune, and my sweet hope’s aim, My sole earth’s heaven, and my heaven’s claim.
No, Kate?
No, lad.
No, lady.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
No, let me know, And knowing what I am, I know what she shall be.
No, let me not.
No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp, And crook the pregnant hinges of the knee Where thrift may follow fawning.
No, madam, he does nothing but smile.
No, madam, I do but read madness.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, madam.
No, make it two more.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not I.
No, my dearest love, I would not for the world.
No, my fair cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord, I saw nothing.
No, my lord, not I. Alas, it is the baseness of thy fear That makes thee strangle thy propriety.
No, my lord, unless I might have another for working days.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my most wrongèd sister.
No, my noble lord.
No, my profound heart.
No, no, by God’s good grace, his son shall reign.
No, no, forsooth, I dare not for my life.
No, no, he’s gone.
No, no, I am as ugly as a bear, For beasts that meet me run away for fear.
No, no, no, no!
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they would not.
No, no, we will hold it as a dream till it appear itself.
No, no.
No, no.
No, none by me.
No, none that thou hast wit enough to make.
No, nor I neither, but most wonderful that she should so dote on Signor Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviors seemed ever to abhor.
No, nor mine now.
No, nor more fearful.
No, not a denier.
No, not a grize.
No, not a whit.
No, not an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for Venice.
No, not he, though his face be better than any man’s, yet his leg excels all men’s, and for a hand and a foot and a body, though they be not to be talked on, yet they are past compare.
No, not much moved.
No, not so, villain, thou beliest thyself.
No, not till a hot January.
No, not till Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I have kept me from the cup.
No, pray thee, good Meg, I’ll wear this.
No, pray thee, let it serve for table talk.
No, pray thee.
No, rather I will go to Benedick And counsel him to fight against his passion; And truly I’ll devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with.
No, since.
No, sir, ’tis in grain; Noah’s flood could not do it.
No, sir, God forbid, but ashamed to kiss.
No, sir, I live by the church.
No, sir, I say his horse comes, with him on his back.
No, sir, it is legs and thighs.
No, sir, no jot.
No, sir, the worse.
No, sir.
No, some of it is for my child’s father.
No, sooth, sir.
No, that same wicked bastard of Venus that was begot of thought, conceived of spleen, and born of madness, that blind rascally boy that abuses everyone’s eyes because his own are out, let him be judge how deep I am in love.
No, that you shall not till you take her hand Before this friar and swear to marry her.
No, thou proud dream, That play’st so subtly with a king’s repose.
No, though thou call’st thyself a hotter name Than any is in hell.
No, thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs.
No, to my cabin.
No, to their lives ill friends were contrary.
No, to Whitefriars.
No, truly not, although until last night I have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow.
No, truly, but in friendly recompense.
No, truly, for the truest poetry is the most feigning, and lovers are given to poetry, and what they swear in poetry may be said as lovers they do feign.
No, truly, unless thou wert hard-favored, for honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar.
No, truly.
No, truly.
No, trust me, sir, nor I. I am sure thou dost.
No, uncle, but our crosses on the way Have made it tedious, wearisome, and heavy.
No, uncle, I’ll none.
No, unpin me here.
No, we’ll reason with him.
No, wench!
No, you shall paint when you are old.
No, you shall pardon me.
No, you unnatural hags,
No!
No?
No?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Noble Antony, not sickness should detain me.
Noble captain, come.
Noblest of men, woo’t die?
Nobody come?
Nobody marks you.
Nobody.
Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies.
None at all.
None but a holy hermit and her maid.
None but friends.
None but the fool, who labors to outjest His heart-struck injuries.
None can be called deformed but the unkind.
None does offend—none, I say, none.
None good, my liege, to please you with the hearing, Nor none so bad but well may be reported.
None in the world, nor do I know the man.
None of these rogues and cowards But Ajax is their fool.
None that I know will be; much that I fear may chance.
None that I more love than myself.
None, Brutus, none.
None, but your beauty.
None, man.
None, my lord.
None.
Nor anyone.
Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you in my respect are all the world.
Nor ever heard, nor ever did suspect.
Nor for yours neither.
Nor go neither.
Nor hath Love’s mind of any judgment taste— Wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste.
Nor have I seen More that I may call men than you, good friend, And my dear father.
Nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight.
Nor I know not Where I did lodge last night.
Nor I neither, by this heavenly light.
Nor I neither.
Nor I neither.
Nor I, assure thee, Regan.— Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father A childlike office.
Nor I, my lord, in faith.
Nor I, my lord.
Nor I, my lord.
Nor I.
Nor I.
Nor I.
Nor in thine, lord.
Nor is he dead, for aught that I can tell.
Nor know I aught But that he’s well and will be shortly here.
Nor know I aught By me that’s said or done amiss this night, Unless self-charity be sometimes a vice, And to defend ourselves it be a sin When violence assails us.
Nor must not then be yielded to in this.
Nor no man else.
Nor no one here, for curses never pass The lips of those that breathe them in the air.
Nor none that live, I hope.
Nor nothing in your letters writ of her?
Nor rain, wind, thunder, fire are my daughters.
Nor send you out o' th' way?
Nor shalt not till necessity be served.
Nor stony tower, nor walls of beaten brass, Nor airless dungeon, nor strong links of iron Can be retentive to the strength of spirit.
Nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses, Therefore use none.
Nor what I have done by water.
Nor will do none tomorrow.
Nor will not.
Nor will you not tell me who you are?
Nor will you tender less.
Nor would we deign him burial of his men Till he disbursed at Saint Colme’s Inch Ten thousand dollars to our general use.
Nor you, as we are, loyal.
Nor, I am sure, there is no force in eyes That can do hurt.
Norfolk, we must have knocks, ha, must we not?
Normans, but bastard Normans, Norman bastards!
Noses, ears, and lips.
Not a drop before.
Not a dump, we.
Not a false gallop.
Not a hair perished.
Not a jot more, my lord.
Not a jot, not a jot.
Not a mouse stirring.
Not a soul But felt a fever of the mad and played Some tricks of desperation.
Not a whit, Touchstone.
Not a whit.
Not a whit.
Not a word of me.
Not a word.
Not all the dukes of waterish Burgundy Can buy this unprized precious maid of me.— Bid them farewell, Cordelia, though unkind.
Not altogether so, sir.
Not being Fortune, he’s but Fortune’s knave, A minister of her will.
Not being the worst Stands in some rank of praise.
Not black in my mind, though yellow in my legs.
Not Caesar’s valor hath o’erthrown Antony, But Antony’s hath triumphed on itself.
Not Cassio killed!
Not dead?
Not for all this land Would I be guilty of so deep a sin.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
Not for the wide world.
Not for thy fairy kingdom.—Fairies, away!
Not having that which, having, makes them short.
Not he that himself is not so, which is Mark Antony.
Not her that chides, sir, at any hand, I pray.
Not here in presence.
Not Hermia but Helena I love.
Not honestly, my lord, but so covertly that no dishonesty shall appear in me.
Not I but my affairs have made you wait.
Not I, believe me.
Not I, believe me.
Not I, believe me.
Not I, I must be found.
Not I, my lord, by heaven.
Not I, my lord.
Not I, my lord.
Not I, sir.
Not I, unless the breath of heartsick groans, Mistlike, infold me from the search of eyes.
Not I.
Not i' th' stocks, fool.
Not if the small come first.
Not in a grave, To lay one in, another out to have.
Not in deed, madam, for I can do nothing But what indeed is honest to be done.
Not in love neither?
Not in my house, Lucentio, for you know Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Not in the legions Of horrid hell can come a devil more damned In evils to top Macbeth.
Not in this land shall he remain uncaught.
Not know me yet?
Not know my voice!
Not life, but love in death.
Not mad, but bound more than a madman is, Shut up in prison, kept without my food, Whipped and tormented and—Good e'en, good fellow.
Not now to hear thee sing.
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
Not on thy sole, but on thy soul, harsh Jew, Thou makest thy knife keen.
Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you have.
Not one to throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
Not poppy nor mandragora Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world, Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep Which thou owedst yesterday.
Not possible.
Not proud you have, but thankful that you have.
Not sad, my lord.
Not see him since?
Not shine today?
Not sick, my lord, unless it be in mind, Nor well, unless in mind.
Not so happy, yet much happier.
Not so hot.
Not so sick, my lord, As she is troubled with thick-coming fancies That keep her from her rest.
Not so young, sir, to love a woman for singing, nor so old to dote on her for anything.
Not so, I do beseech your Majesty.
Not so, my lord.
Not so, my lord.
Not so, neither.
Not so, neither.
Not so, not so.
Not so, sir, I do care for something.
Not so.
Not stingless too?
Not th’ imperious show Of the full-fortuned Caesar ever shall Be brooched with me.
Not that Adam that kept the Paradise, but that Adam that keeps the prison; he that goes in the calf’s skin that was killed for the Prodigal; he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty.
Not that I know.
Not that I love you not.
Not that we love words better, as you do.
Not that, I hope, which you received of me.
Not this, but troubles of the marriage bed.
Not till God make men of some other metal than earth.
Not till you have slept.
Not to be abed after midnight is to be up betimes, and  Nay, my troth, I know not.
Not to be endured.
Not to his father’s.
Not to kill him, having a warrant, but to be damned for killing him, from the which no warrant can defend me.
Not today, O Lord, Oh, not today, think not upon the fault My father made in compassing the crown.
Not tonight, good Iago.
Not too fast!
Not very well, but I have met him oft, And he hath bought the cottage and the bounds That the old carlot once was master of.
Not we.
Not when I saw ’t.
Not where he eats, but where he is eaten.
Not with salt tears.
Not yet old enough for a man, nor young enough for a boy, as a squash is before ’tis a peascod, or a codling when ’tis almost an apple.
Not yet quite dead?
Not yet, my cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet.”      The hour’s now come.
Not?
Notable pirate!
Note him, Note him, good Charmian, ’tis the man, but note him.
Note if your lady strain his entertainment
Note this before my notes: There’s not a note of mine that’s worth the noting.
Nothing at all.
Nothing but “low” and “little”!— Why will you suffer her to flout me thus?
Nothing but sit and sit, and eat and eat!
Nothing but songs of death.
Nothing but this: your true love for my master.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Nothing certainer.
Nothing could have subdued nature To such a lowness but his unkind daughters.
Nothing extenuate, Nor set down aught in malice.
Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it.
Nothing is good, I see, without respect.
Nothing that can be can come between me and the full prospect of my hopes.
Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.
Nothing that is so is so.
Nothing will come of nothing.
Nothing, but this is so.
Nothing, good monsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch.
Nothing, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
Nothing, my lord, or if—I know not what.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, unless you render her again.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Notwithstanding, use your pleasure.
Now ’mongst this flock of drunkards Am I to put our Cassio in some action That may offend the isle.
Now a little fire in a wild field were like an old lecher’s heart—a small spark, all the rest on ’s body cold.
Now all is well.
Now all labor Mars what it does.
Now all the blessings Of a glad father, compass thee about.
Now all the plagues that in the pendulous air Hang fated o'er men’s faults light on thy daughters!
Now all the youth of England are on fire, And silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies.
Now am I dead.
Now am I Dromio, and his man, unbound.
Now Antony must leave her utterly.
Now are we well prepared to know the pleasure Of our fair cousin Dauphin, for we hear Your greeting is from him, not from the king.
Now art thou my lieutenant.
Now art thou Romeo.
Now art thou sociable.
Now attest That those whom you called fathers did beget you.
Now boast thee, Death, in thy possession lies A lass unparalleled.
Now by my George, my Garter, and my crown— Profaned, dishonored, and the third usurped.
Now by my life, Old fools are babes again and must be used With checks as flatteries, when they are seen abused.
Now civil wounds are stopped, peace lives again.
Now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks.
Now could I drink hot blood And do such bitter business as the bitter day Would quake to look on.
Now counterfeit to swoon, why, now fall down; Or if thou canst not, Oh, for shame, for shame, Lie not, to say mine eyes are murderers.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now do I see ’tis true.
Now do you know the reason of this haste.
Now does my project gather to a head.
Now Edmund, where’s the villain?
Now entertain conjecture of a time When creeping murmur and the poring dark Fills the wide vessel of the universe.
Now fare you well, good sir.
Now fear I this will give it start again.
Now follow, if thou darest, to try whose right, Of thine or mine, is most in Helena.
Now forth, Lord Constable and princes all, And quickly bring us word of England’s fall.
Now from head to foot I am marble-constant.
Now go thy way.
Now go to the door and stay there till we call.
Now go we in content To liberty, and not to banishment.
Now God in heaven bless thee!
Now gods that we adore, whereof comes this?
Now have I done a good day’s work.
Now he begins the story.
Now he denies it faintly, and laughs it out.
Now he importunes him To tell it o'er.
Now he is a-praying.
Now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber.
Now he’ll outstare the lightning.
Now heaven hath all,
Now heaven help him!
Now heaven walks on earth.
Now I am alone.
Now I arise.
Now I begin: Imprimis, we came down a foul hill, my master riding behind my mistress— Both of one horse?
Now I change my mind, And partly credit things that do presage.
Now I feed myself With most delicious poison.
Now I must To the young man send humble treaties, dodge And palter in the shifts of lowness, who With half the bulk o’ th’ world played as I pleased, Making and marring fortunes.
Now I perceive they have conjoined all three To fashion this false sport, in spite of me.— Injurious Hermia!
Now I see, I see, In Fulvia’s death how mine received shall be.
Now I will believe That there are unicorns, that in Arabia There is one tree, the phoenix' throne, one phoenix At this hour reigning there.
Now I’ll tell you without asking.
Now in faith, Gratiano, You give your wife too unkind a cause of grief.
Now in respect it is in the fields, it pleaseth me well; but in respect it is not in the court, it is tedious.
Now is he for the numbers that Petrarch flowed in.
Now is it Rome indeed, and room enough, When there is in it but one only man.
Now is it time to arm.
Now is the day we long have lookèd for.
Now is the sun upon the highmost hill Of this day’s journey, and from nine till twelve Is three long hours, yet she is not come.
Now is the time of help.
Now is the winter of our discontent Made glorious summer by this son of York, And all the clouds that loured upon our house In the deep bosom of the ocean buried.
Now Jove, in his next commodity of hair, send thee a beard!
Now know you, Casca, I have moved already Some certain of the noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-dangerous consequence.
Now let it work.
Now let me see if I can conster it.
Now let thy friendly hand Put strength enough to ’t.
Now let’s have a catch.
Now lies he there, And none so poor to do him reverence.
Now Lord be thanked for my good amends!
Now Margaret’s curse is fall'n upon our heads, When she exclaimed on Hastings, you, and I, For standing by when Richard stabbed her son.
Now Mercury endue thee with leasing, for thou speakest well of fools!
Now might I do it pat.
Now must I to the monument alone.
Now must the world point at poor Katherine And say, “Lo, there is mad Petruchio’s wife, If it would please him come and marry her!”   Upon my life, Petruchio means but well, Whatever fortune stays him from his word: Though he be blunt, I know him passing wise; Though he be merry, yet withal he’s honest.
Now must your conscience my acquaintance seal, And you must put me in your heart for friend, Sith you have heard, and with a knowing ear, That he which hath your noble father slain Pursued my life.
Now my charms are all o'erthrown, And what strength I have’s mine own, Which is most faint.
Now my spirit is going.
Now near enough.
Now quit you well.—             Torches, torches!
Now Romeo is beloved and loves again, Alike bewitchèd by the charm of looks, But to his foe supposed he must complain, And she steal love’s sweet bait from fearful hooks.
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, Hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit To his full height.
Now shall my friend Petruchio do me grace, And offer me disguised in sober robes To old Baptista as a schoolmaster Well seen in music, to instruct Bianca, That so I may, by this device at least, Have leave and leisure to make love to her And, unsuspected, court her by herself.
Now shall you see the other.
Now she holds me not.
Now she’s gone for ever.— Cordelia, Cordelia, stay a little.
Now show the wound mine eye hath made in thee.
Now sir, be judge yourself, Whether I in any just term am affined To love the Moor.
Now sir, this granted—as it is a most pregnant and unforced position—who stands so eminent in the degree of this fortune as Cassio does?
Now sit we close about this taper here And call in question our necessities.
Now sits the wind fair, and we will aboard.
Now spurs the lated traveler apace To gain the timely inn, and near approaches The subject of our watch.
Now take them up,” quoth he, “if any list.”   Trembled and shook, for why he stamped and swore As if the vicar meant to cozen him.
Now tell me how long you would have her after you have possessed her.
Now the fleeting moon No planet is of mine.
Now the witch take me if I meant it thus!
Now they are my men.
Now they believe it and withal whet me To be revenged on Rivers, Dorset, Grey; But then I sigh and, with a piece of scripture, Tell them that God bids us do good for evil; And thus I clothe my naked villainy With odd old ends stolen out of Holy Writ, And seem a saint when most I play the devil.
Now to that name my courage prove my title!
Now to you.
Now we speak upon our cue, and our voice is imperial.
Now welcome, Kate, and bear me witness all That here I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now will he sit under a medlar tree And wish his mistress were that kind of fruit As maids call medlars when they laugh alone.— O Romeo, that she were!
Now will I go to take some privy order To draw the brats of Clarence out of sight, And to give order that no manner of person Have any time recourse unto the princes.
Now will I question Cassio of Bianca, A huswife that by selling her desires Buys herself bread and clothes.
Now will I to the chink, To spy an I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground: long heath, brown furze, anything.
Now you talk of a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty jest your daughter told.
Now your jest is earnest.
Now, afore God, I am so vexed that every part about me quivers.
Now, Antony, our hopes are answerèd.
Now, as I am a Christian, answer me In what safe place you have bestowed my money, Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours That stands on tricks when I am undisposed.
Now, as thou lovest me, let me see his letter.
Now, as you are a Roman, tell me true.
Now, Balthazar, As I have ever found thee honest true, So let me find thee still.
Now, banished Kent, If thou canst serve where thou dost stand condemned, So may it come thy master, whom thou lovest, Shall find thee full of labors.
Now, beshrew my father’s ambition!
Now, by Apollo— Now, by Apollo, King, Thou swear’st thy gods in vain.
Now, by heaven, My blood begins my safer guides to rule, And passion, having my best judgment collied, Assays to lead the way.
Now, by my holidam, here comes Katherina!
Now, by my hood, a gentle and no Jew.
Now, by my maidenhead at twelve year old I bade her come.
Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s myself, It shall be moon, or star, or what I list, Or e'er I journey to your father’s house.
Now, by my sword— And target.
Now, by my troth, if I had been remembered, I could have given my uncle’s grace a flout To touch his growth nearer than he touched mine.
Now, by Saint George, I am too young for you.
Now, by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, He shall not make me there a joyful bride.
Now, by the faith of my love, I will.
Now, by the holy mother of our Lord, The citizens are mum, say not a word.
Now, by the world—      'Tis full of thy foul wrongs.
Now, by the world, it is a lusty wench.
Now, by this hand, I swear, I scorn the term, Nor shall my Nell keep lodgers.
Now, by yon marble heaven, In the due reverence of a sacred vow I here engage my words.
Now, Catesby, what says his grace?
Now, Catesby, what says your lord to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Now, Cinna.—Now, Metellus.—What, Trebonius, I have an hour’s talk in store for you.
Now, darting Parthia, art thou struck, and now Pleased fortune does of Marcus Crassus’ death Make me revenger.
Now, ere the sun advance his burning eye, The day to cheer and night’s dank dew to dry, I must upfill this osier cage of ours With baleful weeds and precious-juicèd flowers.
Now, Eros.
Now, fair befall thee, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, What is there?
Now, fellows, you are welcome.
Now, for I know the Breton Richmond aims At young Elizabeth, my brother’s daughter, And by that knot looks proudly on the crown, To her go I, a jolly thriving wooer.
Now, for my life, Hortensio fears his widow.
Now, for my life, she’s wandering to the Tower, On pure heart’s love, to greet the tender prince.— Daughter, well met.
Now, forward with your tale.—Prithee, stand farther off.
Now, gods, stand up for bastards!
Now, good Metellus, go along by him.
Now, good my lord, lie here and rest awhile.
Now, good sir, what are you?
Now, good sweet Nurse— O Lord, why look’st thou sad?
Now, herald, are the dead numbered?
Now, I prithee, daughter, do not make me mad.
Now, I’ll stand to it, the pancakes were naught and the mustard was good, and yet was not the knight forsworn.
Now, if these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment, though they can outstrip men, they have no wings to fly from God.
Now, if thou wert a poet, I might have some hope thou didst feign.
Now, if you are a maid, answer to this.
Now, if you love me, stay.
Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio, I think thou hast the veriest shrew of all.
Now, infidel, I have you on the hip.
Now, Iras, what think’st thou?
Now, most noble Brutus, The gods today stand friendly that we may, Lovers in peace, lead on our days to age.
Now, music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn.
Now, my co-mates and brothers in exile, Hath not old custom made this life more sweet Than that of painted pomp?
Now, my dearest Queen— Pray you, stand farther from me.
Now, my friendly knave, I thank thee.
Now, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what shall we do, if we perceive Lord Hastings will not yield to our complots?
Now, my lord.
Now, my Titania, wake you, my sweet queen.
Now, out of doubt Antipholus is mad; Else would he never so demean himself.
Now, princely Buckingham, seal thou this league With thy embracements to my wife’s allies And make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, Where didst thou see her?—Oh, unhappy girl!— With the Moor, say’st thou?—Who would be a father?— How didst thou know ’twas she?—Oh, she deceives me Past thought!—What said she to you?—Get more tapers, Raise all my kindred.
Now, Signior Petruchio, how speed you with my daughter?
Now, Signior, what news?
Now, Signior, where’s the Count?
Now, sir, what make you here?
Now, soldiers, march away, And how Thou pleasest, God, dispose the day.
Now, sweet lord, You know the goodness I intend upon you.
Now, the next day Was our sea fight, and what to this was sequent Thou know’st already.
Now, then, we’ll use His countenance for the battle, which being done, Let her who would be rid of him devise His speedy taking off.
Now, unto thy bones good night!
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth come, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick.
Now, were not I a little pot and soon hot, my very lips might freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth, my heart in my belly, ere I should come by a fire to thaw me.
Now, what news on the Rialto?
Now, where’s my wife?
Now, where’s your master?
Now.
Nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress.
Nurse, where’s my daughter?
Nurse, will you go with me into my closet To help me sort such needful ornaments As you think fit to furnish me tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, thou hast spoke the right.
O all you host of heaven!
O Antony, Antony, Antony!
O Antony, beg not your death of us.
O Antony, O thou Arabian bird!
O Antony, Thou mine of bounty, how wouldst thou have paid My better service, when my turpitude Thou dost so crown with gold!
O Antony!
O Banquo, Banquo, Our royal master’s murdered!
O bear me witness, night— What man is this?
O bitter consequence That Edward still should live “true noble prince”!
O blessèd, blessèd night!
O bloody Richard!
O bosom black as death!
O Bottom, thou art changed!
O braggart vile and damnèd furious wight, The grave doth gape, and doting death is near.
O brave monster!
O brave new world, That has such people in ’t!
O brave touch!
O brother Montague, give me thy hand.
O Brutus!
O Caesar, read mine first, for mine’s a suit That touches Caesar nearer.
O Caesar!
O calm dishonourable, vile submission!
O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
O Cassio, whence came this?
O Cassius, Brutus gave the word too early, Who, having some advantage on Octavius, Took it too eagerly.
O Cassius, Far from this country Pindarus shall run, Where never Roman shall take note of him.
O Cassius, I am sick of many griefs.
O Cassius, if you could But win the noble Brutus to our party— Be you content.
O ceremony, show me but thy worth!
O Charmian, I will never go from hence.
O Cicero, I have seen tempests when the scolding winds Have rived the knotty oaks, and I have seen Th' ambitious ocean swell and rage and foam To be exalted with the threatening clouds, But never till tonight, never till now, Did I go through a tempest dropping fire.
O Cleopatra!
O Clitus!
O come, Ventidius.
O comfortable Friar!
O conspiracy, Shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night When evils are most free?
O Corin, that thou knew’st how I do love her!
O cousin, cousin!
O coward conscience, how dost thou afflict me!
O coz, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that thou didst know how many fathom deep I am in love.
O cruel!
O cursed, cursed slave!
O dainty duck!
O damned Iago!
O Dardanius!
O day and night, but this is wondrous strange!
O day untowardly turned!
O deadly sin!
O dear discretion, how his words are suited!
O dear father, It is thy business that I go about.
O dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers.
O dear Phoebe, If ever—as that ever may be near— You meet in some fresh cheek the power of fancy, Then shall you know the wounds invisible That love’s keen arrows make.
O dear son Edgar, The food of thy abusèd father’s wrath, Might I but live to see thee in my touch, I’d say I had eyes again!
O dear!
O dolt!
O earth, which this blood drink’st revenge his death!
O earth!
O eastern star!
O excellent device— and make a sop of him.
O excellent motion!
O excellent young man!
O excellent young man!
O fair Katherine, if you will love me soundly with your French heart, I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your English tongue.
O Fates, come, come, Cut thread and thrum.
O flesh, flesh, how art thou fishified!
O fortune, fortune!
O Friar, the damnèd use that word in hell.
O gentle lady, 'Tis not for you to hear what I can speak: The repetition, in a woman’s ear, Would murder as it fell.
O gentle lady, do not put me to ’t, For I am nothing, if not critical.
O God of battles, steel my soldiers' hearts.
O God, did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
O God, Horatio, what a wounded name, Things standing thus unknown, shall live behind me!
O God, I have an ill-divining soul.
O God, she comes.—O honey Nurse, what news?
O God, your only jig-maker.
O God!
O God!—O Nurse, how shall this be prevented?
O God’s lady dear, Are you so hot?
O Goneril, You are not worth the dust which the rude wind Blows in your face.
O good Antonio, forgive me your trouble.
O good old man, how well in thee appears The constant service of the antique world, When service sweat for duty, not for meed.
O good Sir Toby, hold!
O gull!
O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.
O Hamlet, what a falling off was there!
O happy dagger, This is thy sheath.
O happy fair!
O happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
O hard condition, Twin-born with greatness, subject to the breath Of every fool, whose sense no more can feel But his own wringing.
O Harry’s wife, triumph not in my woes!
O hated potion, hence!
O heaven, O earth, bear witness to this sound And crown what I profess with kind event
O heavenly mingle!
O heavens, that such companions thou’dst unfold, And put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the world Even from the east to th' west!
O heavens, that they were living both in Naples, The king and queen there!
O heavens!
O heavens!
O heavy day!
O heavy deed!
O hell-kite!
O hell, what have we here?
O holy Friar, O, tell me, holy Friar, Where is my lady’s lord?
O horror, horror, horror!
O Iago, the pity of it, Iago!
O Iago!
O ill-dispersing wind of misery!
O ill-starred wench, Pale as thy smock!
O illegitimate construction!
O infinite virtue, com’st thou smiling from The world’s great snare uncaught?
O inhuman dog!
O insupportable and touching loss!
O Iras, Charmian!
O Isis, ’tis impossible.
O Juliet, I already know thy grief.
O Julius Caesar, thou art mighty yet!
O Jupiter, how weary are my spirits!
O Kate, content thee.
O Kate, nice customs curtsy to great kings.
O knight, thou lackest a cup of canary.
O lady, speak again!
O lamentable day!
O life!
O limèd soul that, struggling to be free, Art more engaged!
O Lord, he will hang upon him like a disease!
O Lord, I could have stayed here all the night To hear good counsel.
O Lord, I must laugh.
O Lord, Lord, it is a hard matter for friends to meet, but mountains may be removed with earthquakes and so encounter.
O Lord, methought what pain it was to drown, What dreadful noise of waters in my ears, What sights of ugly death within my eyes.
O Lord, my lord, if they were but a week married, they would talk themselves mad.
O Lord, they fight!
O Lord!
O Lorenzo, If thou keep promise, I shall end this strife, Become a Christian and thy loving wife.
O love!
O madam, madam, madam!
O madam, my old heart is cracked, it’s cracked.
O Margaret, Margaret, now thy heavy curse Is lighted on poor Hastings' wretched head.
O masters, if I were disposed to stir Your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I should do Brutus wrong, and Cassius wrong— Who, you all know, are honorable men.
O me, my heart, my rising heart!
O me, O me!
O me!
O me!
O mercy, God!
O mighty Caesar!
O mischief strangely thwarting!
O mischief, thou art swift To enter in the thoughts of desperate men!
O mistress, villainy hath made mocks with love!
O momentary grace of mortal men, Which we more hunt for than the grace of God!
O monstrous world!
O monstrous, monstrous!
O most bloody sight!
O most courageous day!
O most dear mistress, The sun will set before I shall discharge What I must strive to do.
O most false love!
O most happy hour!
O most pernicious woman!
O most unhappy day!
O most unhappy strumpet!
O most wicked fiend!
O murderous slumber, Layst thou thy leaden mace upon my boy That plays thee music?—Gentle knave, good night.
O my brave Emperor, this is fought indeed!
O my brother’s child!
O my Christian ducats!
O my daughter, Fled with a Christian!
O my dear lord—   Nay, do not think I flatter.
O my dear niece, welcome thou art to me, Even daughter, welcome in no less degree.
O my dear Orlando, how it grieves me to see thee wear thy heart in a scarf.
O my follies!
O my good lord, Believe not all, or, if you must believe, Stomach not all.
O my good master!
O my heart!
O my lord, my lord, Forgive my fearful sails!
O my lord!
O my poor Rosalind, whither wilt thou go?
O my son, my son!
O my son, what theme?
O nature, what hadst thou to do in hell When thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend In moral paradise of such sweet flesh?
O no, my reasons are too deep and dead— Too deep and dead, poor infants, in their graves.
O noble Caesar!
O noble Emperor, do not fight by sea!
O noble English, that could entertain With half their forces the full pride of France And let another half stand laughing by, All out of work and cold for action!
O noble fool!
O noble judge!
O noble lord, bethink thee of thy birth, Call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment, And banish hence these abject lowly dreams.
O noble prince, I can discover all The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl.
O noble sir!
O notable strumpet!
O nuncle, court holy water in a dry house is better than this rainwater out o' door.
O perdurable shame!
O perjured woman, thou dost stone my heart, And mak’st me call what I intend to do A murder, which I thought a sacrifice!
O perjured woman!
O Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
O piteous spectacle!
O plague right well prevented!
O Pomfret, Pomfret!
O proper stuff!
O proud death, What feast is toward in thine eternal cell, That thou so many princes at a shot So bloodily hast struck?
O Pyramus, arise!
O Ratcliffe, I have dreamed a fearful dream!
O Regan, Goneril, Your old kind father, whose frank heart gave all— Oh, that way madness lies.
O Regan, she hath tied Sharp-toothed unkindness, like a vulture, here.
O Regan, wilt thou take her by the hand?
O Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
O Romeo, Romeo!
O royal Caesar!
O rude unthankfulness!
O Scotland, Scotland!
O serpent heart hid with a flowering face!
O Setebos, these be brave spirits indeed!
O simple!
O sinful thought!
O sir, content you.
O sir, fly this place.
O sir, I do, and will repute you ever The patron of my life and liberty.
O sir, pardon me!
O sir, such a life with such a wife were strange!
O sir, to wilful men, The injuries that they themselves procure Must be their schoolmasters.
O sir, very well: here in your orchard.
O sir, you are old.
O sir, you are too sure an augurer.
O sirs, consider: they that set you on To do this deed will hate you for the deed.
O Sisters three, Come, come to me With hands as pale as milk.
O slanderous world!
O soft, sir!
O spite of spites!
O Stephano, hast any more of this?
O Stephano, two Neapolitans ’scaped!
O sun, thy uprise shall I see no more.
O sweet bully Bottom!
O sweet mistress, speak!
O sweet Portia, Here are a few of the unpleasant’st words That ever blotted paper.
O the blessed gods!
O these deliberate fools!
O this learning, what a thing it is!
O thou bloody prison, Fatal and ominous to noble peers!
O thou dull Moor!
O thou foul thief, where hast thou stowed my daughter?
O thou good Kent, how shall I live and work To match thy goodness?
O thou invisible spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil!
O thou pernicious caitiff!
O thou public commoner!
O thou weed, Who art so lovely fair and smell’st so sweet That the sense aches at thee, would thou hadst ne'er been born!
O Thou, whose captain I account myself, Look on my forces with a gracious eye.
O time, thou must untangle this, not I.
O time’s extremity, Hast thou so crack’d and splitted my poor tongue In seven short years that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untuned cares?
O traitors, villains!
O Tranio, till I found it to be true, I never thought it possible or likely.
O treachery!
O true, good Catesby.
O Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!
O upright, just, and true-disposing God, How do I thank thee that this carnal cur Preys on the issue of his mother’s body And makes her pew-fellow with others' moan!
O valiant cousin!
O vassal!
O vengeance!
O villain, thou hast stolen both mine office and my name!
O villain, villain, smiling, damnèd villain!
O villain, villain!
O villain!
O villainy!
O weary night, O long and tedious night, Abate thy hours.
O wherefore, Nature, didst thou lions frame?
O wicked Wall through whom I see no bliss!
O wife, look how our daughter bleeds!
O wise and upright judge!
O woe!
O woeful day, O woeful day!
O woeful day!
O woeful sympathy, Piteous predicament!
O woeful time.
O woeful, woeful, woeful day!
O wonderful son that can so ’stonish a mother!
O wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful wonderful, and yet again wonderful, and after that, out of all whooping!
O ye gods, Render me worthy of this noble wife!
O ye immortal gods!
O you gods!
O you mighty gods,  This world I do renounce, and in your sights Shake patiently my great affliction off.
O you sir, you, come you hither, sir.
O young and noble Cato, art thou down?
O, ’tis a parlous boy, Bold, quick, ingenious, forward, capable.
O, ’twas the foulest deed to slay that babe, And the most merciless that e'er was heard of!
O, be gone!
O, belike his majesty hath some intent That you shall be new christened in the Tower.
O, but one word.
O, by your leave, I pray you, I bade you never speak again of him.
O, cleave, my sides!
O, come in, equivocator.
O, cry your mercy, sir.—        Tom’s a-cold.
O, do not do your cousin such a wrong!
O, do not swear, my lord of Buckingham!
O, farewell, honest soldier.
O, fear me not.
O, fie, fie, fie!
O, for my beads!
O, forgive me my sins!
O, full of danger is the duke of Gloucester, And the queen’s sons and brothers haught and proud, And were they to be ruled, and not to rule, This sickly land might solace as before.
O, gentlemen, see, see dead Henry’s wounds Open their congealed mouths and bleed afresh!— Blush, blush, thou lump of foul deformity, For ’tis thy presence that exhales this blood From cold and empty veins where no blood dwells.
O, give me leave.
O, good my lord, tax not so bad a voice To slander music anymore than once.
O, good sir, I do.
O, grief hath changed me since you saw me last, And careful hours with time’s deformèd hand Have written strange defeatures in my face.
O, had the gods done so, I had not now Worthily termed them merciless to us.
O, he is mad, Laertes.
O, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
O, help him, you sweet heavens!
O, how this mother swells up toward my heart!
O, how we joy to see your wit restored!
O, I die, Horatio.
O, if I thought that, I’d beat him like a dog!
O, if thou be’st the same Egeon, speak, And speak unto the same Emilia.
O, if thou wert the noblest of thy strain, Young man, thou couldst not die more honorable.
O, in the battle think on Buckingham, And die in terror of thy guiltiness.
O, in the duke of Gloucester’s purse.
O, know, my name is lost.
O, lady, lady, shame would have it hid.
O, let her live, And I’ll corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, Slander myself as false to Edward’s bed, Throw over her the veil of infamy.
O, let him pass.
O, let it not be so.
O, let me kiss that hand!
O, let me make the period to my curse!
O, let me not be mad, not mad, sweet heaven!
O, let me speak!
O, let me think on Hastings and be gone To Brecknock, while my fearful head is on!
O, let us have him, for his silver hairs Will purchase us a good opinion And buy men’s voices to commend our deeds.
O, make them joyful.
O, my fair cousin, I must not say so.
O, my lord, You said that idle weeds are fast in growth.
O, my old master.—Who hath bound him here?
O, my poor brother!
O, name him not.
O, never Shall sun that morrow see!
O, no, he loves me, and he holds me dear.
O, no!
O, now I need the priest that spake to me!
O, now let Richmond and Elizabeth, The true succeeders of each royal house, By God’s fair ordinance conjoin together, And let their heirs, God, if thy will be so.
O, O, O, O.
O, one too much by thee!
O, pardon me for bringing these ill news, Since you did leave it for my office, sir.
O, preposterous And frantic outrage, end thy damnèd spleen, Or let me die, to look on death no more.
O, quicken them with thine!
O, reason not the need!
O, reform it altogether!
O, rejoice Beyond a common joy, and set it down With gold on lasting pillars.
O, remember, God, To hear her prayer for them, as now for us!
O, serve me well, and teach yourselves that duty!
O, she that might have intercepted thee, By strangling thee in her accursèd womb, From all the slaughters, wretch, that thou hast done.
O, she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence, railed at herself that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would flout her.
O, she would laugh me Out of myself, press me to death with wit.
O, sir, I will not be so hard-hearted.
O, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think for.
O, sir, upon her nose, all o'er-embellished with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain, who sent whole armadas of caracks to be ballast at her nose.
O, sixpence, that I had o' Wednesday last To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper?
O, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children!— Keeper, I prithee sit by me awhile.
O, teach me how I should forget to think!
O, teach me how you look and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart.
O, tell me, Friar, tell me, In what vile part of this anatomy Doth my name lodge?
O, that once more you knew but what you are!
O, that thou wert not, poor distressèd soul!
O, that’s the sword to it.
O, the kindest Kate!
O, then be bold to say Bassanio’s dead!
O, then by day Where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough To mask thy monstrous visage?
O, then I see you will part but with light gifts.
O, then it moved her?
O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do.
O, they did urge it still unto the king.
O, thou didst prophesy the time would come That I should wish for thee to help me curse That bottled spider, that foul bunch-backed toad!
O, thou well-skilled in curses, stay awhile, And teach me how to curse mine enemies.
O, touch me not.
O, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note To drown me in thy sister’s flood of tears.
O, unpleasing news!
O, welcome, father!
O, well flown, bird.
O, what a fall was there, my countrymen!
O, what cause have I, Thine being but a moiety of my moan, To overgo thy woes and drown thy cries!
O, what men dare do!
O, what more favor can I do to thee, Than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain To sunder his that was thine enemy?
O, wilt thou darkling leave me?
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
O, would to God that the inclusive verge Of golden metal that must round my brow Were red-hot steel to sear me to the brains!
O, yes, my lord, but very idle words.
O, yet defend me, friends.
O, you are novices!
O, you give me ill counsel.
O!
O' Thursday be it, then.— Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed.
O’er my spirit Thy full supremacy thou knew’st, and that Thy beck might from the bidding of the gods Command me.
Obey thy parents, keep thy word’s justice, swear not, commit not with man’s sworn spouse, set not thy sweet heart on proud array.
Obey you, love you, and most honor you.
Observe her, stand close.
Observe him, for the love of mockery, for I know this letter will make a contemplative idiot of him.
Observe his construction of it.
Observe how Antony becomes his flaw, And what thou think’st his very action speaks In every power that moves.
Octavia is of a holy, cold, and still conversation.
Octavia weeps To part from Rome.
Octavius, I have seen more days than you.
Octavius, lead your battle softly on, Upon the left hand of the even field.
Octavius, then take him to follow thee, That did the latest service to my master.
Od’s lifelings, here he is!—You broke my head for nothing, and that that I did, I was set on to do ’t by Sir Toby.
Of a certain knight that swore by his honor they were good pancakes, and swore by his honor the mustard was naught.
Of a snail?
Of a strange nature is the suit you follow, Yet in such rule that the Venetian law Cannot impugn you as you do proceed.—   Ay, so he says.
Of Albany’s and Cornwall’s powers you heard not?
Of all the days i' the year, I came to ’t that day that our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, It seems to me most strange that men should fear, Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Of anything the image tell me that Hath kept with thy remembrance.
Of fighting men they have full threescore thousand.
Of her society Be not afraid.
Of it own color too.
Of love?
Of lusty earls: Grandpré and Roussi, Faulconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, Vaudemont and Lestrale.
Of Mantua.
Of my kind uncle, that I know will give, And being but a toy, which is no grief to give.
Of one not easily jealous, but being wrought, Perplexed in the extreme.
Of one whose hand, Like the base Indian, threw a pearl away Richer than all his tribe.
Of princes in this number And nobles bearing banners, there lie dead One hundred twenty-six.
Of so high and plenteous wit and invention!
Of that there’s none, or little.
Of the king’s ship, The mariners, say how thou hast disposed, And all the rest o' th' fleet.
Of thirty sail.
Of this discourse we more will hear anon.— Egeus, I will overbear your will.
Of this my letters Before did satisfy you.
Of us must Pompey presently be sought, Or else he seeks out us.
Of very ill manner.
Of what color?
Of what kind should this cock come of?
Of what nature the wrongs are thou hast done him, I know not, but thy intercepter, full of despite, bloody as the hunter, attends thee at the orchard end.
Of what personage and years is he?
Of what your reverence shall incite us to.
Of what, lady?
Of whence, I pray?
Of your complexion.
Off with his son George’s head!
Off with that bauble, throw it underfoot.
Off, pluck off!
Offended us you have not, but the king.
Officers, what offense have these men done?
Oft have I heard of sanctuary men, But sanctuary children, ne'er till now.
Oh , stay but till then!
Oh ho, are you there with me?
Oh ho, oh ho!
Oh my fair warrior!
Oh peace, Prince Dauphin!
Oh that I knew this husband, which, you say, must charge his horns with garlands!
Oh weary reckoning!
Oh well done!
Oh yes, I saw sweet beauty in her face Such as the daughter of Agenor had, That made great Jove to humble him to her hand When with his knees he kissed the Cretan strand.
Oh yes, my lord.
Oh, ’tis a gallant king!
Oh, ’tis foul in her.
Oh, ’tis treason!
Oh, ’tish ill done, ’tish ill done, by my hand, ’tish ill done.
Oh, ’twas a din to fright a monster’s ear, To make an earthquake!
Oh, ’twill be admirable!
Oh, a cherubim Thou wast that did preserve me.
Oh, a good wish upon you.
Oh, a thousand thousand times—and then of so gentle a condition!
Oh, are you come, Iago?
Oh, ay, as summer flies are in the shambles, That quicken even with blowing.
Oh, ay, Curtis, ay, and therefore fire, fire.
Oh, ay.
Oh, banish me, my lord, but kill me not!
Oh, be sick, great greatness, And bid thy ceremony give thee cure!
Oh, behold How pomp is followed!
Oh, behold, The riches of the ship is come on shore!
Oh, beware, my lord, of jealousy!
Oh, bloody period!
Oh, brave Iago, honest and just, That hast such noble sense of thy friend’s wrong!
Oh, but I fear.
Oh, but she is wise.
Oh, but she’ll keep her word.
Oh, by no means.
Oh, by this count I shall be much in years Ere I again behold my Romeo.
Oh, by whom?
Oh, Caesar, This Charmian lived but now.
Oh, come apace, dispatch!
Oh, couldst thou speak, That I might hear thee call great Caesar ass Unpolicied!
Oh, coward that I am, to live so long To see my best friend ta'en before my face!
Oh, curse of marriage That we can call these delicate creatures ours And not their appetites!
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Oh, defend me!
Oh, devil, devil!
Oh, did he so?
Oh, dispatch me!
Oh, do but think You stand upon the rivage and behold A city on th' inconstant billows dancing, For so appears this fleet majestical Holding due course to Harfleur.
Oh, do not wish one more!
Oh, do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
Oh, excellent!
Oh, falsely, falsely murdered!
Oh, farewell!
Oh, farewell!
Oh, fie upon thee, slanderer!
Oh, fie upon thee, strumpet!
Oh, fie upon them!
Oh, fie, fie, fie!
Oh, fie!
Oh, give us leave, great king, To view the field in safety and dispose Of their dead bodies.
Oh, God 'i' good e'en.
Oh, God defend me!
Oh, he has given example for our flight Most grossly by his own!
Oh, he hath murdered his master!
Oh, he is even in my mistress' case, Just in her case.
Oh, he is gone indeed.
Oh, he’s a lovely gentleman.
Oh, he’s returned, and as pleasant as ever he was.
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Oh, heaven forgive us!
Oh, heaven have mercy on me!
Oh, heaven, how got she out?
Oh, heavy ignorance!
Oh, help, ho!
Oh, help!
Oh, here it is.
Oh, here Will I set up my everlasting rest, And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars From this world-wearied flesh.
Oh, here’s a wit of cheveril, that stretches from an inch narrow to an ell broad!
Oh, ho, monster, we know what belongs to a frippery.—   Put off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh, ho!
Oh, horrible, oh, horrible, most horrible!
Oh, how he loves Caesar!
Oh, how I long to have some chat with her!
Oh, how I love thee!
Oh, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now!
Oh, I am out of breath in this fond chase.
Oh, I am slain!
Oh, I am slain!—My lord, you have one eye left To see some mischief on him.
Oh, I am spoiled, undone by villains!
Oh, I am undone, I am undone!
Oh, I could play the woman with mine eyes And braggart with my tongue!
Oh, I could weep My spirit from mine eyes.
Oh, I die for food.
Oh, I followed that I blush to look upon!
Oh, I have heard him speak of that same brother, And he did render him the most unnatural That lived amongst men.
Oh, I have read it.
Oh, I have suffered With those that I saw suffer.
Oh, I were damned beneath all depth in hell, But that I did proceed upon just grounds To this extremity.
Oh, if it prove, Tempests are kind and salt waves fresh in love!
Oh, If you but knew how you the purpose cherish Whiles thus you mock it!
Oh, in this love, you love your child so ill That you run mad, seeing that she is well.
Oh, is ’t come to this?
Oh, is that all?
Oh, is this he?
Oh, it came o'er my ear like the sweet sound, That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odor.
Oh, it is monstrous, monstrous.
Oh, it is my love.
Oh, it offends me to the soul to hear a robustious periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings, who for the most part are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb-shows and noise.
Oh, lay me by my mistress' side.
Oh, let me see thee walk!
Oh, let the heavens Give him defense against the elements, For I have lost him on a dangerous sea.
Oh, let their bodies follow, my dear liege, With blood and sword and fire to win your right, In aid whereof we of the spiritualty Will raise your Highness such a mighty sum As never did the clergy at one time Bring in to any of your ancestors.
Oh, let us hence.
Oh, let us yet be merciful.
Oh, look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Oh, make an end Of what I have begun!
Oh, me, lieutenant!
Oh, mickle is the powerful grace that lies In herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities.
Oh, misery!
Oh, monstrous!
Oh, most lame and impotent conclusion!
Oh, much I fear some ill unthrifty thing.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
Oh, my fortunes have Corrupted honest men!
Oh, my heart bleeds To think o' th' teen that I have turned you to, Which is from my remembrance!
Oh, my lord, wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body, we have ten proofs to one that blood hath the victory.
Oh, my pardon!
Oh, my soul’s joy!
Oh, no, good Kate.
Oh, no.
Oh, noble weakness!
Oh, now forever Farewell the tranquil mind!
Oh, now you weep, and, I perceive, you feel The dint of pity.
Oh, now, who will behold The royal captain of this ruined band
Oh, Oh, Oh!
Oh, ominous!
Oh, on my soul, my cousin is belied!
Oh, out of that “no hope” What great hope have you!
Oh, pardon me, Signior Gremio, I would fain be doing.
Oh, quick, or I am gone.
Oh, rare for Antony!
Oh, rarely base!
Oh, relation Too nice and yet too true!
Oh, say so, and so be!
Oh, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
Oh, she is lame!
Oh, she is Ten times more gentle than her father’s crabbed, And he’s composed of harshness.
Oh, she knew well Thy love did read by rote, that could not spell.
Oh, she was foul!— I scarce did know you, uncle.
Oh, she was heavenly true!
Oh, she will sing the savageness out of a bear!
Oh, so light a foot Will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.
Oh, speak of that.
Oh, strange!
Oh, strange!
Oh, such another sleep, that I might see But such another man!
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, temperance, lady!
Oh, ten times faster Venus' pigeons fly To seal love’s bonds new made than they are wont To keep obligèd faith unforfeited.
Oh, that a lady of one man refused Should of another therefore be abused!
Oh, that a man might know The end of this day’s business ere it come!
Oh, that brave Caesar!
Oh, that estates, degrees and offices Were not derived corruptly, and that clear honor Were purchased by the merit of the wearer!
Oh, that exceeds, they say.
Oh, that his fault should make a knave of thee, That art not what th’ art sure of!
Oh, that I served that lady And might not be delivered to the world, Till I had made mine own occasion mellow, What my estate is.
Oh, that I were a fool!
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand That I might touch that cheek!
Oh, that I were a man for his sake!
Oh, that I were a man!
Oh, that my prayers could such affection move!
Oh, that record is lively in my soul!
Oh, that she knew she were!
Oh, that that earth, which kept the world in awe, Should patch a wall t' expel the winter’s flaw!
Oh, that the slave had forty thousand lives!
Oh, that we now had here But one ten thousand of those men in England That do no work today.
Oh, that we then could come by Caesar’s spirit And not dismember Caesar!
Oh, that woman that cannot make her fault her husband’s occasion, let her never nurse her child herself, for she will breed it like a fool.
Oh, that you bore The mind that I do, what a sleep were this For your advancement!
Oh, that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill!
Oh, that your Highness knew my heart in this: I never loved my brother in my life.
Oh, that’s a brave man.
Oh, that’s well said—the chair!
Oh, the cry did knock Against my very heart!
Oh, the difference of man and man!
Oh, the good gods!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the more angel she, And you the blacker devil!
Oh, the people in the street cry “Romeo,” Some “Juliet,” and some “Paris,” and all run With open outcry toward our monument.
Oh, the world hath not a sweeter creature, she might lie by an emperor’s side and command him tasks.
Oh, then belike she was old and gentle, and you rode, like a kern of Ireland, your French hose off and in your straight strossers.
Oh, then belike you fancy riches more.
Oh, then I see that madmen have no ears.
Oh, then we bring forth weeds When our quick minds lie still, and our ills told us Is as our earing.
Oh, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.
Oh, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turned a heaven unto a hell!
Oh, there has been much throwing about of brains.
Oh, thereby hangs a tail.
Oh, these flaws and starts, Impostors to true fear, would well become A woman’s story at a winter’s fire, Authorized by her grandam.
Oh, these men, these men!
Oh, they are our friends.
Oh, they take the part of a better wrestler than myself.
Oh, think’st thou we shall ever meet again?
Oh, this false soul of Egypt!
Oh, this is it that makes your servants droop!
Oh, this is the poison of deep grief.
Oh, thou art deceived.
Oh, thou art wise!
Oh, thou didst then ne'er love so heartily.
Oh, thou wilt speak again of banishment.
Oh, thy vile lady!
Oh, treason of the blood!
Oh, treble woe Fall ten times treble on that cursèd head, Whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense Deprived thee of!
Oh, villain that I am!
Oh, villain!
Oh, villainous!
Oh, villainy, villainy!
Oh, was she so?
Oh, well-a-day, Lady!
Oh, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!
Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I!
Oh, what a world is this when what is comely Envenoms him that bears it!
Oh, what authority and show of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal!
Oh, what learning is!
Oh, when she had writ it and was reading it over, she found “Benedick” and “Beatrice” between the sheet?
Oh, where is Romeo?
Oh, whither hast thou led me, Egypt?
Oh, who hath done this deed?
Oh, why rebuke you him that loves you so?
Oh, widow Dido?
Oh, withered is the garland of the war.
Oh, woe the day!
Oh, wonder!
Oh, wonderful!
Oh, wretched villain!
Oh, yes, I heard them all, and more too, for some of them had in them more feet than the verses would bear.
Oh, yet I do repent me of my fury, That I did kill them.
Oh, you and I have heard our fathers say, There was a Brutus once that would have brooked Th' eternal devil to keep his state in Rome As easily as a king.
Oh, you are men of stones.
Oh, you are sick of self-love, Malvolio, and taste with a distempered appetite.
Oh!
Old Cassius still.
Old fashions please me best.
Old I do wax, and from my weary limbs Honor is cudgeled.
Old lord, I cannot blame thee, Who am myself attached with weariness To th' dulling of my spirits.
Old Montague is come, And flourishes his blade in spite of me.
On a moderate pace I have since arrived but hither.
On a trice, so please you, Even in a dream were we divided from them And were brought moping hither.
On each side her Stood pretty dimpled boys, like smiling Cupids, With divers-colored fans, whose wind did seem To glow the delicate cheeks which they did cool, And what they undid did.
On Fortune’s cap we are not the very button.
On him I lay what you would lay on me, The right and fortune of his happy stars, Which God defend that I should wring from him.
On me, that halts and am misshapen thus?
On me, whose all not equals Edward’s moiety?
On my knees I beg That you’ll vouchsafe me raiment, bed, and food.” Good sir, no more.
On such a full sea are we now afloat, And we must take the current when it serves Or lose our ventures.
On the ground  Sleep sound.
On the sixth hour, at which time, my lord, You said our work should cease.
On their sustaining garments not a blemish, But fresher than before.
On Thursday, sir?
On thy life I charge thee, hold!
On thy love, I charge thee.
On Tuesday noon, or night, or Wednesday morn.
On what compulsion must I?
On what occasion God He knows, not I, The queen your mother and your brother York Have taken sanctuary.
On, lusty gentlemen.
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, you noblest English, Whose blood is fet from fathers of war-proof, Fathers that, like so many Alexanders, Have in these parts from morn till even fought And sheathed their swords for lack of argument.
On, to the field!
On.
Once more remove, good friends.
Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more, Or close the wall up with our English dead!
Once more, adieu.
Once more, Cesario, Get thee to yond same sovereign cruelty.
Once more, good night, kind lords and gentlemen.
Once more, what news?
One aloof stand sentinel.
One Angelo, a goldsmith.
One cried, “God bless us!” and “Amen” the other, As they had seen me with these hangman’s hands.
One dead, or drunk?
One doth not know How much an ill word may empoison liking.
One draught above heat makes him a fool, the second mads him, and a third drowns him.
One ever near thee.
One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons!
One fairer than my love?
One from the Lord Stanley.
One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.
One Hero died defiled, but I do live, And surely as I live, I am a maid.
One inch of delay more is a South Sea of discovery.
One is too poor, too weak for my revenge.
One kiss, and I’ll descend.
One knocks.
One knocks.
One minded like the weather, most unquietly.
One of my fellows had the speed of him, Who, almost dead for breath, had scarcely more Than would make up his message.
One of them rates All that is won and lost.
One of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey.
One of these three contains her heavenly picture.
One side will mock another—th' other too.
One speech in it I chiefly loved.
One stroke Shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest.
One that old Frederick, your father, loves.
One thing more rests, that thyself execute, to make one among these wooers.
One unperfectness shows me another, to make me frankly despise myself.
One way I like this well.
One woe doth tread upon another’s heel, So fast they follow.—Your sister’s drowned, Laertes.
One word more Shall make me chide thee, if not hate thee.
One word more, honest neighbors.
One word more.
One word, sir.
One would think his mother’s milk were scarce out of him.
One, gentlewoman, that God hath made, himself to mar.
One, Kate, that you must kiss and be acquainted with.— Where are my slippers?
One, sir, that for his love dares yet do more Than you have heard him brag to you he will.
One?
One.
Only be patient till we have appeased The multitude, beside themselves with fear, And then we will deliver you the cause, Why I, that did love Caesar when I struck him, Have thus proceeded.
Only for this, I pray you, pardon me.
Only foul words, and thereupon I will kiss thee.
Only give me leave, Unworthy as I am, to follow you.
Only he hath not yet subscribèd this: Where your Majesty demands that the king of France, having any occasion to write for matter of grant, shall name your Highness in this form and with this addition, in French:  Nor this I have not, brother, so denied But your request shall make me let it pass.
Only I here importune death awhile, until Of many thousand kisses the poor last I lay upon thy lips.
Only I say Things have been strangely borne.
Only I yield to die.
Only in the world I fill up a place which may be better supplied when I have made it empty.
Only myself stood out; For which, if I be lapsèd in this place, I shall pay dear.
Only th’ adulterous Antony, most large In his abominations, turns you off And gives his potent regiment to a trull That noises it against us.
Only this commendation I can afford her, that were she other than she is, she were unhandsome, and being no other but as she is, I do not like her.
Only to despite them, I will endeavor anything.
Open ’t, and read it.
Open the tomb.
Open your gates.
Open, locks, Whoever knocks.
Ophelia, walk you here.
Or any of your faction?
Or as ’twere perfumed by a fen.
Or be alive again, And dare me to the desert with thy sword.
Or blessè was ’t we did?
Or came it by request and such fair question As soul to soul affordeth?
Or Charles or something weaker masters thee.
Or did I dream it so?
Or did the letters work upon his blood And new-create his fault?
Or do you but counterfeit?
Or do you play the flouting jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter?
Or docks, or mallows.
Or does he walk?
Or else it stood upon the choice of friends— O hell, to choose love by another’s eyes!
Or else she could not have the wit to do this.
Or else what follows?
Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner?
Or he that slew her brothers and her uncles?
Or here, or at the Capitol.
Or I do forget myself?
Or I have no observance.
Or I will live Or bathe my dying honor in the blood Shall make it live again.
Or I, I promise thee.
Or I’ll deliver thy indignation to him by word of mouth.
Or if it did not, Your first is dead, or ’twere as good he were, As living here and you no use of him.
Or if not so, then here I hit it right: Our Romeo hath not been in bed tonight.
Or if thou follow me, do not believe But I shall do thee mischief in the wood.
Or if thou hast not broke from company Abruptly, as my passion now makes me, Thou hast not loved.
Or if thou hast not sat as I do now, Wearying thy hearer in thy mistress’s praise, Thou hast not loved.
Or if thou hast uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which, they say, you spirits oft walk in death, Speak of it.
Or image of that horror?
Or is he on his horse?
Or is the adder better than the eel Because his painted skin contents the eye?
Or is your gold and silver ewes and rams?
Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads To knot and gender in!
Or like a whale.
Or neither?
Or o' mine either?
Or rather bottomless, that as fast as you pour affection in, it runs out.
Or rather, do I not in plainest truth Tell you I do not, nor I cannot, love you?
Or rather, do thy pleasure.
Or say, sweet love, what thou desirest to eat.
Or shall I say her uncle?
Or shall I think in silver she’s immured, Being ten times undervalued to tried gold?
Or shall we on without apology?
Or sleep I now and think I hear all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or that I had any friend would be a man for my sake!
Or to be naked with her friend in bed An hour or more, not meaning any harm?
Or what are you?
Or who pronounced The bitter sentence of poor Clarence' death Before I be convict by course of law?
Or wilt thou hunt?
Or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a professed tyrant to their sex?
Or, failing so, yet that I put the Moor At least into a jealousy so strong That judgment cannot cure.
Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.
Or, if sour woe delights in fellowship And needly will be ranked with other griefs, Why followed not, when she said “Tybalt’s dead,” “Thy father” or “thy mother,” nay, or both, Which modern lamentations might have moved?
Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I’ll believe thee.
Or, if you borrow one another’s love for the instant, you may, when you hear no more words of Pompey, return it again.
Or, if you do not, make the bridal bed In that dim monument where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you will, Come home to me, and I will wait for you.
Orlando doth commend him to you both, And to that youth he calls his Rosalind He sends this bloody napkin.
Orlando, my liege, the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, noble sir, Be pleased that I shake off these names you give me.
Orsino, this is that Antonio That took the  And this is he that did the  When your young nephew Titus lost his leg.
Orsino.
Othello, leave some officer behind And he shall our commission bring to you, And such things else of quality and respect As doth import you.
Othello?
Othello’s occupation’s gone.
Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies, for vilest things Become themselves in her, that the holy priests Bless her when she is riggish.
Our arms in strength of malice and our hearts Of brothers' temper do receive you in With all kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.
Our army shall In solemn show attend this funeral, And then to Rome.
Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are gardeners.
Our brother is imprisoned by your means, Myself disgraced, and the nobility Held in contempt, while great promotions Are daily given to ennoble those That scarce some two days since were worth a noble.
Our care and pity is so much upon you That we remain your friend.
Our course will seem too bloody, Caius Cassius, To cut the head off and then hack the limbs, Like wrath in death and envy afterwards, For Antony is but a limb of Caesar.
Our dinner done and he not coming thither, I went to seek him.
Our duties, and the pledge.
Our duty to your honor.
Our enemies have beat us to the pit.
Our expectation hath this day an end.
Our fears in Banquo Stick deep, and in his royalty of nature Reigns that which would be feared.
Our force by land Hath nobly held.
Our fortune lies Upon this jump.
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath And sinks most lamentably.
Our foster nurse of nature is repose, The which he lacks—that to provoke in him Are many simples operative, whose power Will close the eye of anguish.
Our fraughtage, sir, I have conveyed aboard, and I have bought The oil, the balsamum and aqua vitae.
Our friends all stay for you.
Our general cast us thus early for the love of his Desdemona—who let us not therefore blame.
Our general’s wife is now the general.
Our good old friend, Lay comforts to your bosom, and bestow Your needful counsel to our business, Which craves the instant use.
Our gracious brother, I will go with them.
Our hour Is fully out.
Our house is hell, and thou, a merry devil, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness.
Our instruments to melancholy bells, Our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast.
Our Italy Shines o’er with civil swords.
Our knocking has awaked him.
Our masquing mates by this time for us stay.
Our master and mistress seeks you.
Our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us.—Farewell, dear sister.
Our power is ready; Our lack is nothing but our leave.
Our preparation stands In expectation of them.
Our present business Is to general woe.
Our purposes God justly hath discovered, And I repent my fault more than my death, Which I beseech Your Highness to forgive, Although my body pay the price of it.
Our queen and all our elves come here anon.
Our reasons are so full of good regard That were you, Antony, the son of Caesar, You should be satisfied.
Our separated fortune Shall keep us both the safer.
Our separation so abides and flies That thou, residing here, goes yet with me, And I, hence fleeting, here remain with thee.
Our severed navy too Have knit again, and fleet, threat’ning most sealike.
Our sex, as well as I, may chide you for it, Though I alone do feel the injury.
Our size of sorrow, Proportioned to our cause, must be as great As that which makes it.
Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change, Our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse, And all things change them to the contrary.
Our son shall win.
Our time does call upon ’s.
Our tongue is rough, coz, and my condition is not smooth, so that, having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery about me, I cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that he will appear in his true likeness.
Our troops set forth tomorrow.
Our wars are done, the Turks are drowned.
Our whole city is much bound to him.
Our will is Antony be took alive.
Our worser thoughts heavens mend.
Our yoke and sufferance show us womanish.
Ourself will mingle with society And play the humble host.
Ourselves we do not owe.
Out and alas, that was my lady’s voice.
Out o' th' moon, I do assure thee.
Out o' tune, sir.
Out o' your wits and hearing too?
Out of doubt he is transported.
Out of my sight!
Out of my sight!— Be not offended, dear Cesario.— Rudesby, be gone!
Out of their saddles into the dirt, and thereby hangs a tale.
Out of these convertites There is much matter to be heard and learned.
Out on her, hilding!
Out on thee, seeming!
Out upon her!
Out upon it, old carrion!
Out upon you!
Out, alas!
Out, fool.
Out, loathèd medicine!
Out, out, brief candle!
Out, tawny Tartar, out!
Out, treacherous villain!
Out, you baggage!
Out, you green sickness, carrion!
Out.
Over hill, over dale,  Thorough bush, thorough brier,  Over park, over pale,  Thorough flood, thorough fire.
Over thy wounds now do I prophesy— Which, like dumb mouths, do ope their ruby lips To beg the voice and utterance of my tongue— A curse shall light upon the limbs of men.
Pah!
Pale or red?
Pardon me, dear Rosalind.
Pardon me, I pray you.
Pardon me, sweet one, even for the vows We made each other but so late ago.
Pardon me.
Pardon not that.
Pardon the frankness of my mirth if I answer you for that.
Pardon this fault, and by my soul I swear I never more will break an oath with thee.
Pardon, dear father.
Pardon, master.
Pardon, my lord.
Pardon, sweet father.
Part them!
Parted you in good terms?
Parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Pass!
Pass.
Passion, I see, is catching, for mine eyes, Seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine, Began to water.
Past all expressing.
Past question, for thou seest it will not curl by nature.
Past the mid season.
Pat, pat.
Patience unmoved!
Patience, gentle Audrey.
Patience, good sir.
Patience, I pray you!
Patience, I say.
Pause awhile, And let my counsel sway you in this case.
Pay him six thousand and deface the bond!
Peace be with Burgundy.
Peace then!
Peace there!
Peace yet again.
Peace, children, peace.
Peace, doting wizard, peace.
Peace, fool.
Peace, fool.
Peace, Grumio.
Peace, ho, for shame!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, I say!
Peace, peace, Iras.
Peace, peace!
Peace, peace!
Peace, sirrah!
Peace, Smulkin.
peace, this piece of toasted cheese will do ’t.
Peace, you dull fool.
Peace, you mumbling fool!
Peace, you rogue, no more o' that.
Peace, you were best.
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace.
Peace.—Who comes here?
Peaseblossom.
Peradventure, to make it the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death.
Perchance 'Twill walk again.
Perchance he is not drown’d.—What think you, sailors?
Perchance he will not mind me.
Perchance she cannot meet him.
Perchance till after Theseus' wedding day.
Perchance, Iago, I will ne'er go home.
Perchance?
Perdie, your doors were locked, and you shut out.
Perdition catch my soul But I do love thee!
Perforce I must confess I thought you lord of more true gentleness.
Perform ’t, or else we damn thee.”  How, my love?
Perhaps I will return immediately.
Perhaps some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he’s somewhere gone to dinner.
Perhaps you have learned it without book.
Perish the man whose mind is backward now!
Persever, counterfeit sad looks, Make mouths upon me when I turn my back, Wink each at other, hold the sweet jest up— This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled.
Persuade me rather to be slave and sumpter To this detested groom.
Peter Quince— What sayest thou, bully Bottom?
Peter, didst ever see the like?
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter!
Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son, A man well known throughout all Italy.
Petruchio, go thy ways; the field is won.
Petruchio, patience.
Petruchio, stand by a while.
Phoebe did write it.
Phoebe, with all my heart.
Piece out our imperfections with your thoughts.
Pindarus, Bid our commanders lead their charges off A little from this ground.
Pinion him like a thief, bring him before us.
Pisa, renownèd for grave citizens, Gave me my being and my father first, A merchant of great traffic through the world, Vincentio, come of the Bentivolii.
Pish for thee, Iceland dog, Thou prick-eared cur of Iceland!
Pish!
Pish!
Pitchers have ears.
Pitiful sight!
Plague on ’t, an I thought he had been valiant and so cunning in fence, I’d have seen him damned ere I’d have challenged him.
Plain and not honest is too harsh a style.
Plantagenet.
Play the men.
Play with your fancies and in them behold, Upon the hempen tackle, shipboys climbing.
Please ’t your highness To grace us with your royal company?
Please it your Grace lead on?
Please it your grace, on to the state affairs.
Please you, draw near.—Louder the music there!
Please you, farther.
Please you, sir, Do not omit the heavy offer of it.
Please, let me stay.
Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house, I will discharge my bond and thank you too.
Pleaseth your Grace To appoint some of your council presently To sit with us once more with better heed To resurvey them, we will suddenly Pass our accept and peremptory answer.
Pleaseth your Majesty to give me leave, I’ll muster up my friends and meet your Grace Where and what time your Majesty shall please.
Pleasure and action make the hours seem short.
Plots have I laid, inductions dangerous, By drunken prophecies, libels and dreams, To set my brother Clarence and the king In deadly hate, the one against the other; And if King Edward be as true and just As I am subtle, false, and treacherous, This day should Clarence closely be mewed up About a prophecy which says that “G” Of Edward’s heirs the murderer shall be.
Pluck but his name out of his heart and turn him going.
Pluck out his eyes.
Pluck them asunder.
Pluck up thy spirits.
Pluck up, my heart, and be sad.
Plucking the entrails of an offering forth, They could not find a heart within the beast.
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
Poison, I see, hath been his timeless end.— O churl, drunk all, and left no friendly drop To help me after?
Poisoned, then.
Pompey doth this day laugh away his fortune.
Pompey is strong at sea, And it appears he is beloved of those That only have feared Caesar.
Pompey Thrives in our idleness.
Pooh, you speak like a green girl, Unsifted in such perilous circumstance.
Poor and content is rich, and rich enough, But riches fineless is as poor as winter To him that ever fears he shall be poor.
Poor Antony!
Poor bird!
Poor heart, adieu.
Poor I am but his stale.
Poor lady, she’ll run mad When she shall lack it.
Poor living corse, closed in a dead man’s tomb!
Poor man!
Poor men alone?
Poor Ophelia Divided from herself and her fair judgment, Without the which we are pictures, or mere beasts.
Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune, Why strew’st thou sugar on that bottled spider, Whose deadly web ensnareth thee about?
Poor prattler, how thou talk’st!
Poor soul, thy face is much abused with tears.
Poor soul!
Poor souls, they perished.
Poor Tom hath been scared out of his good wits.
Poor Tom shall lead thee.
Poor Tom, thy horn is dry.
Poor Tom’s a-cold.
Poor Turlygod!” “Poor Tom!”— That’s something yet.
Poor venomous fool Be angry and dispatch.
Portia is dead.
Portia, adieu.
Portia, art thou gone?
Portia, forgive me this enforcèd wrong, And in the hearing of these many friends I swear to thee, even by thine own fair eyes Wherein I see myself—     Mark you but that!
Portia, what mean you?
Possess them not with fear.
Post back with speed, and tell him what hath chanced.
Post to Salisbury.
Post-post-haste, dispatch.
Pour in sow’s blood, that hath eaten Her nine farrow; grease that’s sweaten From the murderer’s gibbet throw Into the flame.
Pour on, I will endure.
Pox on ’t!
Praised be God, and not our strength, for it!
Prates too.—What say you, James Soundpost?
Pray God it be, sir.
Pray God, he keep his oath!
Pray God, I say, I prove a needless coward!
Pray God, sir, your wife send you not a worse.
Pray heaven I be deceived in you.
Pray heaven it be State matters, as you think, and no conception Nor no jealous toy concerning you.
Pray heavens he be, For I have served him, and the man commands Like a full soldier.
Pray now, rest yourself.
Pray thee, corporal, stay.
Pray thee, go seek him, and bring him to my tent.
Pray thee, marry us.
Pray thee, sweet Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice.
Pray thee, take pain To allay with some cold drops of modesty Thy skipping spirit, lest through thy wild behavior I be misconst’red in the place I go to, And lose my hopes.
Pray ye, go.
Pray ye, sir?
Pray you Be ever known to patience.
Pray you come in.
Pray you do not, sir.
Pray you lead on.
Pray you now, forget and forgive.
Pray you now, Nay, do so, for indeed I have lost command.
Pray you sit still.
Pray you, avoid it.
Pray you, away.
Pray you, be careful.
Pray you, go with us.
Pray you, hasten Your generals after.
Pray you, if it be, give it me, for I am slow of study.
Pray you, is he married to Cleopatra?
Pray you, keep seat.
Pray you, leave your courtesy, good monsieur.
Pray you, let Cassio be received again.
Pray you, let’s have no more fooling about it, but give me your blessing.
Pray you, let’s sit together.
Pray you, look not sad, Nor make replies of loathness.
Pray you, no more of this.
Pray you, sir, do you know of this matter?
Pray you, sir, stand up.
Pray you, sit down, For now we sit to chat as well as eat.
Pray you, tell him I am his fortune’s vassal, and I send him The greatness he has got.
Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not hear a foot fall.
Pray, chuck, come hither.
Pray, do not mock me.
Pray, give me that.
Pray, have you not a daughter Called Katherina, fair and virtuous?
Pray, set it down and rest you.
Pray, sir, be patient.
Pray, then, foresee me one.
Pray, what do you think is his name?
Pray, write down, “Borachio.”—Yours, sirrah?
Prepare the body then, and follow us.
Prepare we for our marriage; on which day, My Lord of Burgundy, we’ll take your oath, And all the peers', for surety of our leagues.
Prepare you, generals.
Prescribe not us our duty.
Presently away, For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure.— Come, lady, die to live.
Presently?
Presently.
Press near and second him.
Pretty soul!
Primo, secundo, tertio is a good play, and the old saying is, the third pays for all.
Prince Dauphin, you shall stay with us in Rouen.
Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away.
Princes and counties!
Princes have but their titles for their glories, An outward honor for an inward toil,
Prison, my lord?
Prithee bear some charity to my wit.
Prithee say true!
Prithee, away.
Prithee, be cheerful.
Prithee, be content.
Prithee, be not angry.
Prithee, dispatch.
Prithee, do not turn me about.
Prithee, Emilia, Go know of Cassio where he supped tonight.—
Prithee, friend, Pour out the pack of matter to mine ear, The good and bad together.
Prithee, go in thyself.
Prithee, how many boys and wenches must I have?
Prithee, if thou lovest me, tell me.
Prithee, keep up thy quillets.
Prithee, listen well.
Prithee, my king, be quiet.
Prithee, no more.
Prithee, nuncle, be contented.
Prithee, peace.
Prithee, peace.
Prithee, peace.
Prithee, put up.
Prithee, say on.
Prithee, see there!
Prithee, who is ’t that thou mean’st?
Proceed, Moon.
Proceed, proceed.
Proceed, Solinus, to procure my fall, And by the doom of death end woes and all.
Proceed.
Proculeius, What thou hast done thy master Caesar knows, And he hath sent for thee.
Promise me life, and I’ll confess the truth.
Pronounce it for me, sir, to all our friends, For my heart speaks they are welcome.
Pronounce that sentence then on me, my liege.
Pronounce this sentence then: Women may fall when there’s no strength in men.
Pronounce.
Proof enough to misuse the Prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero, and kill Leonato.
Proud,” and “I thank you,” and “I thank you not,” And yet “not proud”?
Prove that ever I lose more blood with love than I will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker’s pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house for the sign of blind Cupid.
Prove true, imagination, oh, prove true, That I, dear brother, be now ta'en for you!
Provide your going; Choose your own company and command what cost Your heart has mind to.
Provoke him that he may.
Provoke not battle Till we have done at sea.
Puppet”?
Pursue him and entreat him to a peace.
Push home.
Put color in thy cheek.
Put money enough in your purse.
Put money in thy purse.
Put off your maiden blushes, avouch the thoughts of your heart with the looks of an empress, take me by the hand, and say “Harry of England, I am thine,” which word thou shalt no sooner bless mine ear withal, but I will tell
Put on my crown.
Put on what weary negligence you please, You and your fellow servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light, and then put out the light.
Put them to motion.
Put up thy sword, Or manage it to part these men with me.
Put up your sword.
Put your torches out.
Pyramus draws near the wall.
Quail, crush, conclude, and quell!
Quarrel, sir?
Queen Margaret saw Thy murd'rous falchion smoking in his blood, The which thou once didst bend against her breast, But that thy brothers beat aside the point.
Question enrages him.
Question it, Horatio.
Question your Grace the late ambassadors With what great state he heard their embassy, How well supplied with noble counselors, How modest in exception, and withal How terrible in constant resolution, And you shall find his vanities forespent Were but the outside of the Roman Brutus, Covering discretion with a coat of folly, As gardeners do with ordure hide those roots That shall first spring and be most delicate.
Question: why, an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum.
Quick, quick!
Quickly let me have it.
Quickly send— Be brief in it—to th' castle, for my writ Is on the life of Lear and on Cordelia.
Quiet thy cudgel.
Quite dumb?
Quoth my master.
Rage, blow!
Raise up the Montagues.
Ram thou thy fruitful tidings in mine ears, That long time have been barren.
Rapier and dagger.
Rarely, rarely.
Ratcliffe, about the mid of night come to my tent And help to arm me.
Ratcliffe, come hither.
Ratcliffe, my lord, ’tis I.
Ratcliffe!
Rather a ditch in Egypt Be gentle grave unto me.
Rather approach’d too late!
Rather make My country’s high pyramides my gibbet And hang me up in chains!
Rather on Nilus’ mud Lay me stark naked and let the waterflies Blow me into abhorring.
Rather your eyes must with his judgment look.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony!
Read it.
Read the will!
Read the will.
Read thou this challenge.
Read.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Ready, my lord.
Ready, so please your grace.
Ready.
Ready.
Realms and islands were As plates dropped from his pocket.
Rebellious dead, rise never till the wood Of Birnam rise, and our high-placed Macbeth Shall live the lease of nature, pay his breath To time and mortal custom.
Rebels it at these years?
Receive it so.
Receive what cheer you may.
Refuse it not.
Refuse not, mighty lord, this proffered love.
Regan, I have good hope Thou didst not know on ’t.—Who comes here?
Regan, I think you are.
Regard Titinius, And tell me what thou notest about the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Relent, sweet Hermia—And, Lysander, yield Thy crazèd title to my certain right.
Relent?
Remain thou still in darkness.
Remember First to possess his books, for without them He’s but a sot, as I am, nor hath not One spirit to command.
Remember it, my lord?
Remember March, the ides of March remember.
Remember me.
Remember me.” I have sworn ’t.
Remember our reward when the deed’s done.
Remember that you call on me today.
Remember thee!
Remember what I have said.
Remember who commended thy yellow stockings—” Thy yellow stockings?
Remember’st thou any that have died on ’t?
Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
Renown and grace is dead.
Renownèd duke, vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes, And all that are assembled in this place That by this sympathizèd one day’s error Have suffered wrong.
Repair thy wit, good youth, or it will fall To cureless ruin.
Repays he my deep service With such deep contempt?
Repent but you that you shall lose your friend, And he repents not that he pays your debt.
Repent that e’er thy tongue Hath so betrayed thine act.
Reply not.
Report is changeable.
Repose you there, while I to this hard house— More harder than the stones whereof ’tis raised, Which even but now, demanding after you, Denied me to come in—return, and force Their scanted courtesy.
Reproach and everlasting shame Sits mocking in our plumes.
Reputation, reputation, reputation!
Rescue, fair lord, or else the day is lost!
Rescue, my lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Reserve them till a merrier hour than this.
Rest you happy!
Rest you merry!
Retire thee, go where thou art billeted.
Retire we to our chamber.
Retire!
Return to her, and fifty men dismissed?
Return with her?
Return you to my sister.
Return, good Catesby, to the gracious duke.
Returned so soon?
Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder.
Revenge.
Revenges burn in them, for their dear causes Would to the bleeding and the grim alarm Excite the mortified man.
Revolving this will teach thee how to curse.
Richard except, those whom we fight against Had rather have us win than him they follow.
Richard loves Richard; that is, I and I.
Richard of York, how fares our loving brother?
Richard yet lives, hell’s black intelligencer, Only reserved their factor to buy souls And send them thither.
Richard!
Richmond is on the seas.
Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
Ride thou unto the horsemen on yond hill.
Ride you this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, ride, and give these bills Unto the legions on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
Right glad I am he was not at this fray.
Right joyous are we to behold your face, Most worthy brother England.
Right true it is your son Lucentio here Doth love my daughter and she loveth him, Or both dissemble deeply their affections.
Right well, dear madam.
Right, as snow in harvest.
Right, I mean you.
Ring the alarum bell.
Riotous madness, To be entangled with those mouth-made vows Which break themselves in swearing!
Rise, and lend thine ear.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you must play Thisbe’s mother.—Tom Snout, the tinker?
Roderigo killed?
Roderigo!
Rogue, thou hast lived too long.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers!
Rome, thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods!
Romeo can, Though heaven cannot.
Romeo is banishèd.” There is no end, no limit, measure, bound, In that word’s death.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must not live.
Romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.
Romeo slew him; he slew Mercutio.
Romeo slew Tybalt.
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo, away, be gone!
Romeo, come forth.
Romeo, he cries aloud, “Hold, friends!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, will you come to your father’s?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo!— Alack, alack, what blood is this, which stains The stony entrance of the sepulcher?
Romeo.
Romeo’s a dishclout to him.
Room for Antony, most noble Antony!
Room, ho!
Room!
Rosalind is your love’s name?
Rosalind lacks then the love Which teacheth thee that thou and I am one.
Rosalind of a better leer than you.
Round, even to faultiness.
Roundly replied.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
Royal Lear, Whom I have ever honored as my king, Loved as my father, as my master followed, As my great patron thought on in my prayers— The bow is bent and drawn.
Royal Queen!
Royal wench!
Rub him about the temples.
Rude ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow For tender princes, use my babies well.
Rumble thy bellyful!
Rumor it abroad That Anne my wife is very grievous sick.
Run after that same peevish messenger, The county’s man.
Run away, I pray you!
Run hence, proclaim, cry it about the streets.
Run one before And let the Queen know of our gests.
Run to the Capitol, and nothing else?
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall upon your knees, Pray to the gods to intermit the plague That needs must light on this ingratitude.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, O, run!
Sad, lady!
Saddle my horses.
Safe in a ditch he bides, With twenty trenchèd gashes on his head, The least a death to nature.
Safe, Antony.
Safely stowed.
Safer than trust too far.
Said he not so?
Said you so?
Sailors, my lord, they say.
Saint Davy’s day is past.
Saint Francis be my speed!
Saint Valentine is past.
Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
Sans fable, she herself reviled you there.
Satan, avoid!
Save means to live.
Save thee, Curan.
Save thee, friend, and thy music.
Save you, friend Cassio!
Save you, gentleman.
Save you, worthy general!
Saving your merry humor, here’s the note How much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, The fineness of the gold, and chargeful fashion, Which doth amount to three-odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman.
Saw who?
Saw you anything?
Saw you him today?
Saw you my lord?
Saw you no more?
Saw you the king today, my lord of Derby?
Saw you the weird sisters?
Saw’st thou him enter at the abbey here?
Sawst thou the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
Say ’tis not so, a province I will give thee And make thy fortunes proud.
Say “a day” without the “ever.” No, no, Orlando, men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.
Say again, where didst thou leave these varlets?
Say boldly.
Say either, and I’ll stay the circumstance.
Say from whence You owe this strange intelligence, or why Upon this blasted heath you stop our way With such prophetic greeting.
Say I am sick.
Say I will love her everlastingly.
Say I, her sovereign, am her subject low.
Say it is done, And I will love thee and prefer thee for it.
Say it, Othello.
Say not so, Agrippa.
Say not so.
Say on, my loving lord.
Say our pleasure, To such whose place is under us, requires Our quick remove from hence.
Say she be mute and will not speak a word; Then I’ll commend her volubility, And say she uttereth piercing eloquence.
Say she shall be a high and mighty queen.
Say that I did all this for love of her.
Say that I lingered with you at your shop To see the making of her carcanet, And that tomorrow you will bring it home.
Say that I slew them not.
Say that I wish he never find more cause To change a master.
Say that she frown; I’ll say she looks as clear As morning roses newly washed with dew.
Say that she rail; why then I’ll tell her plain She sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Say that some lady, as perhaps there is, Hath for your love a great a pang of heart As you have for Olivia.
Say that the last I spoke was “Antony,” And word it, prithee, piteously.
Say that they slack their duties
Say that thou overheardst us, And bid her steal into the pleachèd bower Where honeysuckles ripened by the sun Forbid the sun to enter, like favorites Made proud by princes, that advance their pride Against that power that bred it.
Say that you love me not, but say not so In bitterness.
Say then my peace is made.
Say this becomes him— As his composure must be rare indeed Whom these things cannot blemish—yet must Antony No way excuse his foils when we do bear So great weight in his lightness.
Say thou but “ay,” And that bare vowel  Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice.
Say to me whose fortunes shall rise higher, Caesar’s or mine?
Say to the king I would attend his leisure For a few words.
Say to the king the knowledge of the broil As thou didst leave it.
Say what you will, sir, but I know what I know.
Say what, is Horatio there?
Say you have wronged her, sir.
Say you so?
Say you?
Say, “the brave Antony.” The valiant Caesar!
Say, have I thy consent that they shall die?
Say, how grows it due?
Say, how is that?
Say, if th' hadst rather hear it from our mouths, Or from our masters'.
Say, is your tardy master now at hand?
Say, my spirit, How fares the king and ’s followers?
Say, uncle Gloucester, if our brother come, Where shall we sojourn till our coronation?
Say, Voltemand, what from our brother Norway?
Say, what?
Say’st me so, friend?
Sayest thou so?
Sayest thou that house is dark?
Sblood, an arrant traitor as any ’s in the universal world, or in France, or in England!
Sblood, but you’ll not hear me!
Sblood, do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe?
Sblood, there is something in this more than natural, if philosophy could find it out.
Scant not my cups, and make as much of me As when mine empire was your fellow too, And suffered my command.
Scape being drunk for want of wine.
Sconce” call you it?
Scorn and defiance, slight regard, contempt, And anything that may not misbecome The mighty sender, doth he prize you at.
Scout me for him at the corner the orchard like a bum-baily.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
Scratching could not make it worse an ’twere such a face as yours were.
Scurvy knave!
Scurvy knave!
Seafaring men, sir.
Seal then, and all is done.— Eros!—I come, my Queen.—Eros!—Stay for me.
Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while, Till we can clear these ambiguities And know their spring, their head, their true descent, And then will I be general of your woes, And lead you even to death.
Search every acre in the high-grown field, And bring him to our eye.
Search, seek, and know how this foul murder comes.
Searching the window for a flint, I found This paper, thus sealed up, and I am sure It did not lie there when I went to bed.
Season your admiration for a while With an attent ear, till I may deliver, Upon the witness of these gentlemen, This marvel to you.
Sebastian are you?
Sebastian was my father; Such a Sebastian was my brother too, So went he suited to his watery tomb.
Security gives way to conspiracy.
See better, Lear, and let me still remain The true blank of thine eye.
See for the news.
See him delivered, Fabian; bring him hither.
See how beastly she doth court him!
See how she leans her cheek upon her hand.
See how they kiss and court!
See how yon justice rails upon yon simple thief.
See it done And feast the army.
See me no more, whether he be dead or no.
See not your bride in these unreverent robes.
See this dispatched with all the haste thou canst: Anon I’ll give thee more instructions.
See thou dissemble not.
See what a rent the envious Casca made.
See where he looks out of the window.
See where his Grace stands, ’tween two clergymen.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives As prisoners to her womanly persuasion.— Katherine, that cap of yours becomes you not.
See where she comes from shrift with merry look.
See where they come.
See, and then speak yourselves.
See, Caesar!
See, doth he breathe?
See, here he comes.
See, it stalks away.
See, my women, Against the blown rose may they stop their nose, That kneeled unto the buds.—Admit him, sir.
See, see, here comes the man we went to seek.
See, see, our honored hostess!
See, they encounter thee with their hearts' thanks.
See, who comes here?
See, your wife’s with him.
See” ’t shalt thou never.—Fellows, hold the chair.— Upon these eyes of thine I’ll set my foot.
Seek him, bid him come hither.
Seek him, Titinius, whilst I go to meet The noble Brutus, thrusting this report Into his ears.
Seek it out.
Seek thine own ease.
Seek to know no more.
Seek, seek for him, Lest his ungoverned rage dissolve the life That wants the means to lead it.
Seek!
Seem they religious?
Seest not?
Seest thou here, This is the mouth o' th' cell.
Seest thou this sweet sight?
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselme and his beauteous sisters; The lady widow of Vitruvio; Seigneur Placentio and his lovely nieces; Mercutio and his brother Valentine; Mine uncle Capulet, his wife and daughters; My fair niece Rosaline and Livia;
Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt; Lucio and the lively Helena.” A fair assembly.
Self-harming jealousy, fie, beat it hence.
Self-love, my liege, is not so vile a sin As self-neglecting.
Send for him, good uncle.
Send for the county.
Send for the man and ask him.
Send him but hither and I’ll fashion him.
Send one presently to Sir Toby.
Send out more horses.
Send the deed after me, And I will sign it.
Send thy man away.
Send Thy token of reprieve.
Send to his brother.
Sent he to Macduff?
Servant-monster”?
Serve God, love me, and mend.
Serve God.
Serve you, sir.
Service.
Set down your venerable burden, And let him feed.
Set down, set down your honorable load, If honor may be shrouded in a hearse, Whilst I awhile obsequiously lament Th' untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
Set him before me.
Set it by a while.
Set it down.
Set me the stoups of wine upon that table.
Set me where you stand.
Set on thy wife to observe.
Set on, and leave no ceremony out.
Set we our squadrons on yond side o’ th’ hill, In eye of Caesar’s battle, from which place We may the number of the ships behold And so proceed accordingly.
Set you down this,
Set your countenance, sir.
Set your heart at rest.
Seven days and nights?
Seven of my people, with an obedient start, make out for him.
Sextus Pompeius Makes his approaches to the port of Rome.
Seyton!
Seyton!—I am sick at heart, When I behold—Seyton, I say!—This push Will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
Shake it off.
Shake off this downy sleep, death’s counterfeit, And look on death itself!
Shake!” quoth the dovehouse.
Shall ’t be tonight at supper?
Shall Caesar send a lie?
Shall I abide In this dull world, which in thy absence is No better than a sty?
Shall I attend your Grace?
Shall I be frighted when a madman stares?
Shall I be married then tomorrow morning?
Shall I be plain?
Shall I be tempted of the devil thus?
Shall I believe That unsubstantial death is amorous, And that the lean abhorrèd monster keeps Thee here in dark to be his paramour?
Shall I deny you?
Shall I descend?
Shall I do such a deed?
Shall I do that which all the Parthian darts, Though enemy, lost aim and could not?
Shall I entreat a word?
Shall I go fetch your nightgown?
Shall I go win my daughter to thy will?
Shall I have some water?— Come, Kate, and wash, and welcome heartily.— You whoreson villain!
Shall I have the thought To think on this, and shall I lack the thought That such a thing bechanced would make me sad?
Shall I hear from you anon?
Shall I keep your hogs and eat husks with them?
Shall I know your answer?
Shall I lay perjury upon my soul?
Shall I play my freedom at tray-trip, and become thy bondslave?
Shall I say to Caesar What you require of him?
Shall I say to you, “Let them be free!
Shall I speak a word in your ear?
Shall I strike at it with my partisan?
Shall I strike now?
Shall I tell you why?
Shall I vent to her that thou art coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
Shall not be long but I’ll be here again.
Shall they hoist me up And show me to the shouting varletry Of censuring Rome?
Shall they see us?
Shall we be sundered?
Shall we call in th' ambassador, my liege?
Shall we clap into ’t roundly, without hawking or spitting or saying we are hoarse, which are the only prologues to a bad voice?
Shall we do that?
Shall we give o'er and drown?
Shall we go see the relics of this town?
Shall we go seek Benedick and tell him of her love?
Shall we go send them dinners and fresh suits, And give their fasting horses provender, And after fight with them?
Shall we go, coz?
Shall we hear from you, Catesby, ere we sleep?
Shall we not, Sir Andrew?
Shall we not?
Shall we part, sweet girl?
Shall we rouse the night owl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver?
Shall we see this wrestling, cousin?
Shall we shog?
Shall we sound him?
Shall we their fond pageant see?
Shall we to th' court?
Shall, Antipholus, Even in the spring of love thy love-springs rot?
Shalt see thy other daughter will use thee kindly.
Shame come to Romeo!
Shame itself!
Shame of ladies, sisters!
Shame, and eternal shame, nothing but shame!
She ate no meat today, nor none shall eat.
She bids you come to her.
She cannot be so much without true judgment, Having so swift and excellent a wit As she is prized to have, as to refuse So rare a gentleman as Signior Benedick.
She cannot deny it.
She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband.
She cannot love Nor take no shape nor project of affection She is so self-endeared.
She confesses it.
She creeps.
She desires to speak with you in her closet ere you go to bed.
She did commend my yellow stockings of late, she did praise my leg being cross-gartered, and in this she manifests herself to my love, and with a kind of injunction, drives me to these habits of her liking.
She did indeed.
She did show favor to the youth in your sight only to exasperate you, to awake your dormouse valor, to put fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver.
She died, my lord, but whiles her slander lived.
She dies for ’t.—Eros, ho!
She doth stray about By holy crosses, where she kneels and prays For happy wedlock hours.
She doth well.
She false with Cassio!
She for an Edward weeps, and so do I; I for a Clarence weep; so doth not she.
She gave it him, and he hath given it his whore.
She give it Cassio?
She gives it out that you shall marry her.
She had a prophesying fear Of what hath come to pass.
She had a song of “Willow,” An old thing ’twas, but it expressed her fortune And she died singing it.
She has deceived her father, and may thee.
She has light by her continually.
She has robbed me of my sword.
She has spoke what she should not, I am sure of that.
She hath betrayed me and shall die the death.
She hath good leave.
She hath not seen the change of fourteen years.
She hath prevented me.
She hath spied him already with those sweet eyes.
She hath the stones upon her, and the ducats.” Why, all the boys in Venice follow him, Crying, “His stones, his daughter, and his ducats!”
She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste, For beauty, starved with her severity, Cuts beauty off from all posterity.
She haunts me in every place.
She In th’ habiliments of the goddess Isis That day appeared, and oft before gave audience, As ’tis reported, so.
She is a royal princess.
She is a virtuous and a reverend lady.
She is banished.
She is cunning past man’s thought.
She is damned for it.
She Is daughter to this famous Duke of Milan, Of whom so often I have heard renown But never saw before, of whom I have Received a second life.
She is dead.
She is drowned already, sir, with salt water, though I seem to drown her remembrance again with more.
She is herself a dowry.
She is indeed perfection.
She is low-voiced.
She is never sad but when she sleeps, and not ever sad then, for I have heard my daughter say she hath often dreamed of unhappiness and waked herself with laughing.
She is not well.
She is not worth thee, then.
She is not, madam.
She is of so free, so kind, so apt, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested.
She is our capital demand, comprised Within the forerank of our articles.
She is persuaded I will marry her, out of her own love and flattery, not out of my promise.
She is protectress of her honor too.
She is spherical, like a globe.
She is stirring, sir.
She is thine own.— What, Ariel!
She is too big, I hope, for me to compass.
She is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair, To merit bliss by making me despair.
She knows the heat of a luxurious bed.
She lives.
She loved me for the dangers I had passed, And I loved her that she did pity them.
She loves me, sure!
She made good view of me, indeed so much That sure methought her eyes had lost her tongue, For she did speak in starts distractedly.
She mocks all her wooers out of suit.
She must change for youth.
She now shall be my sister, not my wife.
She Phoebes me.
She rendered life, Thy name so buried in her.
She replied It should be better he became her guest, Which she entreated.
She returns this ring to you, sir.
She robs thee of thy name, And thou wilt show more bright and seem more virtuous When she is gone.
She said so.
She says enough, yet she’s a simple bawd That cannot say as much.
She says you have some goodly jest in hand.
She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner.
She shall be buried by her Antony.
She shall be buried with her face upwards.
She shall not harm thee, Helena.
She shall not.
She shall, Lucentio.
She should have died hereafter.
She shows a body rather than a life, A statue than a breather.
She soon shall know of us, by some of ours, How honorable and how kindly we Determine for her, for Caesar cannot live To be ungentle.
She speaks poniards, and every word stabs.
She speaks, yet she says nothing.
She speaks.
She stood and spake.
She swoons to see them bleed.
She thanked me And bade me, if I had a friend that loved her, I should but teach him how to tell my story And that would woo her.
She that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor.
She that herself will sliver and disbranch From her material sap perforce must wither And come to deadly use.
She that makes dainty, She, I’ll swear, hath corns.
She that was ever fair and never proud, Had tongue at will and yet was never loud, Never lacked gold and yet went never gay, Fled from her wish and yet said “Now I may,” She that being angered, her revenge being nigh, Bade her wrong stay and her displeasure fly, She that in wisdom never was so frail To change the cod’s head for the salmon’s tail, She that could think and ne'er disclose her mind, See suitors following and not look behind, She was a wight, if ever such wights were— To do what?
She that would alter services with thee,  The Fortunate Unhappy”  Daylight and champaign discovers not more.
She that would be your wife now ran from you.
She that, so young, could give out such a seeming, To seel her father’s eyes up close as oak, He thought ’twas witchcraft.
She told her, while she kept it 'Twould make her amiable and subdue my father Entirely to her love, but if she lost it Or made gift of it, my father’s eye Should hold her loathèd and his spirits should hunt After new fancies.
She took the ring of me.
She turned to folly, and she was a whore.
She was a vixen when she went to school.
She was false as water.
She was here even now.
She was of Carthage, not of Tunis.
She was the wife of Caius Marcellus.
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain.
She was too good for me.
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She well instructs me.
She were an excellent wife for Benedict.
She will be pleased.
She will indite him to some supper.
She will not come.
She will not.
She will sit you—you heard my daughter tell you how.
She will taste as like this as a crab does to a crab.
She wished she had not heard it, yet she wished That heaven had made her such a man.
She, dying, as it must so be maintained, Upon the instant that she was accused, Shall be lamented, pitied and excused Of every hearer.
She, dying, gave it me And bid me, when my fate would have me wived, To give it her.
She’ll close and be herself whilst our poor malice Remains in danger of her former tooth.
She’s a beagle, true-bred, and one that adores me.
She’s a most triumphant lady, if report be square to her.
She’s an excellent sweet lady, and, out of all suspicion, she is virtuous.
She’s busy, and she cannot come!” Is that an answer?
She’s but the sign and semblance of her honor.
She’s cold.
She’s dead as earth.
She’s dead too, our sovereign.
She’s dead, deceased, she’s dead.
She’s dead, my Queen.
She’s dead, she’s dead, she’s dead!
She’s desperate.
She’s framed as fruitful As the free elements.
She’s full of most blessed condition.
She’s gone forever.
She’s like a liar gone to burning hell.
She’s not fourteen.
She’s not well married that lives married long, But she’s best married that dies married young.
She’s the worse for all this.
Sheathe your dagger.
Shed thou no blood, nor cut thou less nor more But just a pound of flesh.
Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass, That I may see my shadow as I pass.
Shortly shall all my labors end, and thou Shalt have the air at freedom.
Should be”—should buzz!
Should I have answered Caius Cassius so?
Should I lie, madam?
Should I not say, “Hath a dog money?
Should not upbraid our course.
Should you do so, my lord, My speech should fall into such vile success Which my thoughts aimed not at.
Show ’s the way, sir.
Show his eyes and grieve his heart.
Show me briefly how.
Show me the place.
Show me which way.
Show me, my women, like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut doors after you.
Shut that, and ’twill out at the keyhole.
Shut up your doors, my lord.
Shut up your doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, albeit I neither lend nor borrow By taking nor by giving of excess, Yet to supply the ripe wants of my friend, I’ll break a custom.
Shylock, do you hear?
Shylock, there’s thrice thy money offered thee.
Sick, oh, sick!
Signior Baptista, my business asketh haste, And every day I cannot come to woo.
Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Signior Baptista, you are happily met.— Sir, this is the gentleman I told you of.
Signior Brabantio, ho!
Signior Fabian, stay you by this gentleman till my return.
Signior Gremio, came you from the church?
Signior Hortensio, ’twixt such friends as we Few words suffice.
Signior Hortensio, come you to part the fray?
Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you.
Signior Lodovico?
Signior Montano, Your trusty and most valiant servitor, With his free duty recommends you thus, And prays you to believe him.
Signior, is all your family within?
Signior, it is the Moor.
Signior?
Signor Antonio Commends him to you.
Signor Antonio, many a time and oft In the Rialto you have rated me About my moneys and my usances.
Signor Antonio?
Signor Bassanio, hear me.
Signor Bassanio!
Signor Benedick!
Signor, you are very near my brother in his love.
Silence awhile.—Robin, take off this head.— Titania, music call, and strike more dead Than common sleep of all these five the sense.
Silence that dreadful bell, it frights the isle From her propriety.
Silence!
Silence!
Silenced with that, In viewing o'er the rest o' the selfsame day, He finds thee in the stout Norweyan ranks, Nothing afeard of what thyself didst make, Strange images of death.
Silver.
Simple, plain Clarence, I do love thee so That I will shortly send thy soul to heaven, If heaven will take the present at our hands.
Sin from thy lips?
Since Cassius first did whet me against Caesar, I have not slept.
Since Cleopatra died I have lived in such dishonor that the gods Detest my baseness.
Since he hath got the jewel that I loved, And that which you did swear to keep for me, I will become as liberal as you.
Since he went from Egypt ’tis A space for farther travel.
Since he went into France, I have been in continual practice.
Since his majesty went into the field, I have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown upon her, unlock her closet, take forth paper, fold it, write upon ’t, read it, afterwards seal it, and again return to bed; yet all this while in a most fast sleep.
Since I am crept in favor with myself, I will maintain it with some little cost.
Since I came hither, Which I can call but now, I have heard strange news.
Since I have your good leave to go away, I will make haste.
Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice And could of men distinguish, her election Hath sealed thee for herself, for thou hast been— As one in suffering all that suffers nothing— A man that Fortune’s buffets and rewards Hast ta'en with equal thanks.
Since my young lady’s going into France, sir, the fool hath much pined away.
Since no man of aught he leaves knows, what is ’t to leave betimes?
Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I’ll weep what’s left away, and weeping die.
Since that respects and fortunes are his love, I shall not be his wife.
Since the torch is out, Lie down and stray no farther.
Since the youth of the count’s was today with thy lady, she is much out of quiet.
Since the youth will not be entreated, his own peril on his forwardness.
Since they did plot The means that dusky Dis my daughter got, Her and her blind boy’s scandaled company I have forsworn.
Since this fortune falls to you, Be content and seek no new.
Since thou dost give me pains, Let me remember thee what thou hast promised, Which is not yet performed me.
Sinful Macduff, They were all struck for thee!
Sing it tonight.
Sing it.
Sink Rome!
Sir boy, I’ll whip you from your foining fence, Nay, as I am a gentleman, I will.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate tender Of my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby will be sworn that I am no fox, but he will not pass his word for two pence that you are no fool.
Sir Toby, I must be round with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your kinsman.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady— Out, hyperbolical fiend!
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renownèd soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, Oxford, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, And Rice ap Thomas, with a valiant crew, And many other of great name and worth; And towards London they do bend their power, If by the way they be not fought withal.
Sir, a whole history.
Sir, a word ere you go.
Sir, amen.
Sir, are not you my father?
Sir, being his knave, I will.
Sir, by your patience: if I heard you rightly, The duke hath put on a religious life And thrown into neglect the pompous court.
Sir, do you know me?
Sir, fare you well.
Sir, good success.
Sir, grieve not you.
Sir, have pity, I’ll be his surety.
Sir, he answered me in the roundest manner he would not.
Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine.
Sir, He is with Caesar.
Sir, he may live.
Sir, he’s rash and very sudden in choler, and haply may strike at you.
Sir, here’s the door.
Sir, his chests and treasure He has not with him.
Sir, his definement suffers no perdition in you, though I know to divide him inventorially would dizzy th' arithmetic of memory, and yet but yaw neither, in respect of his quick sail.
Sir, I am vexed.
Sir, I bade them take away you.
Sir, I cannot.
Sir, I commend you to your own content.
Sir, I do know you, And dare upon the warrant of my note Commend a dear thing to you.
Sir, I have not you by the hand.
Sir, I lack advancement.
Sir, I must have that diamond from you.
Sir, I never loved you much, but I ha’ praised ye When you have well deserved ten times as much As I have said you did.
Sir, I say to you it is thought you are false knaves.
Sir, I say to you we are none.
Sir, I shall meet your wit in the career, an you charge it against me.
Sir, I shall study deserving.
Sir, I will answer any thing.
Sir, in Argier.
Sir, in fine, Seeing how loathly opposite I stood To his unnatural purpose, in fell motion, With his preparèd sword he charges home My unprovided body, latched mine arm.
Sir, in good faith, or in sincere verity, Under th' allowance of your great aspect, Whose influence, like the wreath of radiant fire On flickering Phoebus' front—      What mean’st by this?
Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting That would not let me sleep.
Sir, know you this glove?
Sir, March is wasted fifteen days.
Sir, Mark Antony Will e’en but kiss Octavia, and we’ll follow.
Sir, most heedfully.
Sir, my good friend, I’ll change that name with you.
Sir, my liege, Do not infest your mind with beating on The strangeness of this business.
Sir, no.
Sir, Octavius is already come to Rome.
Sir, pardon me in what I have to say.
Sir, shall I to this lady?
Sir, she can turn, and turn, and yet go on, And turn again.
Sir, she is mortal.
Sir, sir, be patient.
Sir, sir, I will have law in Ephesus, To your notorious shame, I doubt it not.
Sir, sir, sir—
Sir, sir, that cannot be.
Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home.
Sir, speed you.
Sir, the gods Will have it thus.
Sir, the Queen.
Sir, there is especial commission come from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello’s place.
Sir, there she stands.
Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true.
Sir, this is the matter—  I beseech you, remember— Nay, good my lord, for mine ease, in good faith.
Sir, this should be answered.
Sir, will you, with those infirmities she owes— Unfriended, new adopted to our hate, Dowered with our curse and strangered with our oath— Take her or leave her?
Sir, would she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me, You’ll have enough.
Sir, you and I must part, but that’s not it.
Sir, you are very welcome to our house.
Sir, you say well, and well you do conceive.
Sir, you speak nobly.
Sir!
Sir?
Sir?
Sirrah young gamester, your father were a fool To give thee all and in his waning age Set foot under thy table.
Sirrah, come hither: ’tis no time to jest, And therefore frame your manners to the time.
Sirrah, go see what trumpet ’tis that sounds.
Sirrah, I’ll teach thee a speech.
Sirrah, naked fellow— Poor Tom’s a-cold.
Sirrah, your father’s dead.
Sirs, I will practice on this drunken man.
Sirs, let ’t alone.
Sirs, take up the corse.
Sister, content you in my discontent.— Sir, to your pleasure humbly I subscribe.
Sister, have comfort.
Sister, it is not a little I have to say of what most nearly appertains to us both.
Sister, welcome.
Sister, where thou?
Sister, you know he promised me a chain.
Sister, you’ll go with us?
Sit down a while And let us once again assail your ears, That are so fortified against our story, What we have two nights seen.
Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit i' th' middle.
Sit thee down, Clitus.
Sit then and talk with her.
Sit you too.
Sit, Jessica.
Sit, sir.
Sit, worthy friends.
Sit.
sits.—I did never think that lady would have loved any man.
Sitting on a bank, Weeping again the king my father’s wrack, This music crept by me upon the waters, Allaying both their fury and my passion With its sweet air.
Six or seven thousand is their utmost power.
Skipper, stand back.
Slanders, sir.
Slave!
Slay!
Sleep a little.
Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast.
Sleep shall neither night nor day Hang upon his penthouse lid.
Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms.
Sleeping and waking, O, defend me still!
Slid, I’ll after him again and beat him.
Slight, will you make an ass o' me?
Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.
Small joy have I in being England’s queen.
Smatter with your gossips, go.
Smile heaven upon this fair conjunction, That long have frowned upon their enmity.
Smile you my speeches as I were a fool?
Smilest thou?
Sneck up!
So ’tis to thee.
So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
So all.
So am I purposed.
So are the Prince and Claudio, who accused her Upon the error that you heard debated.
So are those crispèd snaky golden locks Which maketh such wanton gambols with the wind, Upon supposèd fairness, often known To be the dowry of a second head, The skull that bred them in the sepulcher.
So are you, princes English, every one.
So art thou to revenge when thou shalt hear.
So be gone.
So be it.
So befall my soul As this is false he burdens me withal.
So bless thee, master.
So Caesar may.
So call the field to rest, and let’s away To part the glories of this happy day.
So can I.
So Chrish save me, I will cut off your head.
So could I too.
So could I, faith, boy, to have the next wish after, That Lucentio indeed had Baptista’s youngest daughter.
So dear I loved the man that I must weep.
So delicate with her needle, an admirable musician.
So did I too, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
So did you me, my liege.
So do all thoughts.
So do I ever  For had I cursed now, I had cursed myself.
So do I his.
So do I, my lord.
So do not I.
So do not I.
So do our vulgar drench their peasant limbs In blood of princes, and the wounded steeds Fret fetlock deep in gore, and with wild rage Yerk out their armèd heels at their dead masters, Killing them twice.
So do the kings of France unto this day, Howbeit they would hold up this Salic law To bar your Highness claiming from the female And rather choose to hide them in a net Than amply to imbar their crooked titles Usurped from you and your progenitors.
So do you too, where you perceive them thick.
So doth the greater glory dim the less.
So every bondman in his own hand bears The power to cancel his captivity.
So fare you well at once, for Brutus' tongue Hath almost ended his life’s history.
So fare you well till we shall meet again.
So fare you well.
So farewell to you both.
So foolish sorrows bids your stones farewell.
So frowned he once when, in an angry parle, He smote the sledded Polacks on the ice.
So full of shapes is fancy That it alone is high fantastical.
So Fulvia told me.
So get you hence in peace.
So God sa' me, ’tis shame to stand still.
So good night unto you all.
So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to ’t.
So haply are they friends to Antony.
So hath my lord dared him to single fight.
So he does indeed.
So he laughed and let me go.
So he served the second, and so the third.
So help me every spirit sanctified As I have spoken for you all my best And stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free speech.
So ho!
So humbly take my leave.
So I am free.
So I am—to let him live.
So I charmed their ears That, calflike, they my lowing followed through Toothed briers, sharp furzes, pricking gorse, and thorns, Which entered their frail shins.
So I do, madonna.
So I do.
So I hope.
So I to her and so she yields to me, For I am rough and woo not like a babe.
So I will, my liege, as I live.
So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason.
So I, to find a mother and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself.
So in the world.
So indeed he did.
So is he now in execution Of any bold or noble enterprise, However he puts on this tardy form.
So is Lysander.
So is mine.—Do you hear, monster?
So is my horse, Octavius, and for that I do appoint him store of provender.
So is the bargain.
So is the dearest o' th' loss.
So is the fame.
So it appears by that I have to say.
So it should be, that none but Antony Should conquer Antony, but woe ’tis so!
So kind a father!—Be my horses ready?
So let high-sighted tyranny range on Till each man drop by lottery.
So let him land, And solemnly see him set on to London.
So let it be with Caesar.
So long?
So many miseries have crazed my voice That my woe-wearied tongue is still and mute.
So may it be indeed.
So may you lose your arms.
So much for him.
So much for praising myself, who, I myself will bear witness, is praiseworthy.
So much for this, sir.
So much was his pleasure should be proclaimed.
So our leader’s led, And we are women’s men.
So out went the candle and we were left darkling.
So perhaps did yours.
So please my lord the duke and all the court, To quit the fine for one half of his goods I am content, so he will let me have The other half in use to render it Upon his death unto the gentleman That lately stole his daughter.
So please you— What says the fellow there?
So please you, for I never heard it yet, Yet heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
So please you, he is here at the door and importunes access to you.
So please you, something touching the Lord Hamlet.
So please you, we will stand and watch your pleasure.
So please you.
So please your grace, the Prologue is addressed.
So please your Lordship to accept our duty.
So please your majesty That we may wake the king?
So quick bright things come to confusion.
So rare a wondered father and a wife Makes this place paradise.
So said, so done, is well.
So say I. Methinks you are sadder.
So says the Prince and my new-trothèd lord.
So shall he waste his means, weary his soldiers, Doing himself offense, whilst we, lying still, Are full of rest, defense, and nimbleness.
So shall I clothe me in a forced content, And shut myself up in some other course, To fortune’s alms.
So shall I, love, And so, I pray, be you.
So shall you feel the loss, but not the friend Which you weep for.
So shall you quietly enjoy your hope And marry sweet Bianca with consent.
So shalt thou show me friendship.
So she may live unscarred of bleeding slaughter, I will confess she was not Edward’s daughter.
So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim.
So should he look That seems to speak things strange.
So should the murdered look, and so should I, Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty.
So should we you, if you should be our king.
So smooth he daubed his vice with show of virtue That, his apparent open guilt omitted— I mean his conversation with Shore’s wife— He lived from all attainder of suspects.
So stood the state when Henry the Sixth Was crowned in Paris but at nine months old.
So swift a pace hath thought that even now You may imagine him upon Blackheath, Where that his lords desire him to have borne His bruisèd helmet and his bended sword Before him through the city.
So take her to thee, shepherd.
So tell them, Publius.
So that by my foes, sir I profit in the knowledge of myself, and by my friends, I am abused.
So that if we will plant nettles or sow lettuce, set hyssop and weed up thyme, supply it with one gender of herbs or distract it with many—either to have it sterile with idleness, or manured with industry—why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills.
So that in these ten thousand they have lost, There are but sixteen hundred mercenaries.
So that my speed to Mantua there was stayed.
So that, as clear as is the summer’s sun, King Pepin’s title and Hugh Capet’s claim, King Lewis his satisfaction, all appear To hold in right and title of the female.
So that, conclusions to be as kisses, if your four negatives make your two affirmatives, why then the worse for my friends and the better for my foes.
So the fool follows after.
So the gods keep you And make the hearts of Romans serve your ends.
So the gods preserve thee!
So the life that died with shame Lives in death with glorious fame.
So the maid that stood in the way for my wish shall show me the way to my will.
So the poor third is up, till death enlarge his confine.
So the sins of my mother should be visited upon me.
So the spirit is eased.
So they are.
So they do nothing, ’tis a venial slip.
So thou mayst say the king lies by a beggar if a beggar dwell near him, or the church stands by thy tabor, if thy tabor stand by the church.
So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urging helpless patience would relieve me; But, if thou live to see like right bereft, This fool-begged patience in thee will be left.
So thrive my soul— A thousand times good night!
So to most noble Caesar.
So to them both.
So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue that Which simpleness and merit purchaseth.
So was I when your Highness banished him.
So was I when your Highness took his dukedom.
So we grew together, Like to a double cherry—seeming parted But yet an union in partition— Two lovely berries molded on one stem;
So well thy words become thee as thy wounds; They smack of honor both.
So were their daggers, which unwiped we found Upon their pillows.
So were you.
So when he opens his purse to give us our reward, thy conscience flies out.
So white, and such a traitor?
So will I turn her virtue into pitch And out of her own goodness make the net That shall enmesh them all.
So will it fare with Claudio.
So will it, madam till I lie with you.
So will ye, I am sure, that you love me.
So will you say when you have seen the sequel.
So will you wish on me when the rash mood is on.
So would not I.
So you may put a man in your belly.
So you shall.
So you walk softly, and look sweetly, and say nothing, I am yours for the walk, and especially when I walk away.
So young and so untender?
So young, my lord, and true.
So-so” is good, very good, very excellent good.
So, adieu.
So, again, good night.
So, come, help.
So, Dolabella, It shall content me best.
So, fare thee well.
So, I am satisfied.
So, it will make us mad.
So, let me hear you speak.
So, of his gentleness, Knowing I loved my books, he furnished me From mine own library with volumes that I prize above my dukedom.
So, slave, hence!
So, so, so, so!
So, so, so.
So, thanks to all at once and to each one, Whom we invite to see us crowned at Scone.
So, This is to horse.
So, with two seeming bodies but one heart, Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one and crownèd with one crest.
So.
So.
So.— Thus then, thou most renowned: Caesar entreats Not to consider in what case thou stand’st, Further than he is Caesar.
Soft and fair, Friar.—Which is Beatrice?
Soft stillness and the night Become the touches of sweet harmony.
Soft, Caesar.
Soft, comes he not here?
Soft, here follows prose.
Soft, no haste.
Soft, sir!
Soft, soft!
Soft!
Soft!
Soft!
Softly and swiftly, sir, for the priest is ready.
Softly, my masters.
Sojourn in Mantua.
Sola, sola!
Sola, sola!
Sola!
Soldier, thou art; but his whole action grows Not in the power on ’t.
Soldier, why wear’st thou that glove in thy cap?
Soldier, you must come to the king.
Soldiers, have careful watch.
Soldiers, sir.
Sole monarch of the universal earth, Oh, what a beast was I to chide at him!
Some achieve greatness—” What sayest thou?
Some are born great—”
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em.
Some blessed power deliver us from hence!
Some bloody passion shakes your very frame.
Some comfort, Nurse.
Some dear cause Will in concealment wrap me up awhile.
Some dear friend dead, else nothing in the world Could turn so much the constitution Of any constant man.
Some dungeon.
Some five or six and thirty of his knights, Hot questrists after him, met him at gate, Who with some other of the lord’s dependants Are gone with him towards Dover, where they boast To have well-armèd friends.
Some food we had and some fresh water that A noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, Out of his charity, who being then appointed Master of this design, did give us, with Rich garments, linens, stuffs, and necessaries, Which since have steaded much.
Some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest.
Some god direct my judgment!
Some good I mean to do Despite of mine own nature.
Some good man bear him carefully from hence.
Some grief shows much of love, But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
Some haste, my lord!
Some innocents ’scape not the thunderbolt.
Some kinds of baseness Are nobly undergone.
Some light-foot friend post to the duke of Norfolk— Ratcliffe, thyself, or Catesby.
Some men there are love not a gaping pig, Some that are mad if they behold a cat, And others, when the bagpipe sings i' th' nose, Cannot contain their urine.
Some must go off.
Some o’ their plants are ill-rooted already.
Some of my shame, if you will know of me What man I am, and how, and why, and where This handkercher was stained.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Some officers take them away.
Some oracle Must rectify our knowledge.
Some other time.
Some others search.
Some say the Earth Was feverous and did shake.
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
Some such squire he was That turned your wit the seamy side without And made you to suspect me with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple bear the countermand, That came too lag to see him burièd.
Some tender money to me; some invite me; Some other give me thanks for kindnesses; Some offer me commodities to buy.
Some that will evermore peep through their eyes And laugh like parrots at a bagpiper, And other of such vinegar aspect That they’ll not show their teeth in way of smile Though Nestor swear the jest be laughable.
Some there be that shadows kiss.
Some to Decius' house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius'.
Some to the common pulpits, and cry out, “Liberty, freedom, and enfranchisement!” People and senators, be not affrighted.
Some twenty of them fought in this black strife, And all those twenty could but kill one life.
Some villain hath done me wrong.
Some villains of my court Are of consent and sufferance in this.
Some wine, ho!
Somebody knocks.
Someone take order Buckingham be brought To Salisbury.
Something from Cyprus as I may divine.
Something have you heard Of Hamlet’s “transformation”—so call it Since nor th' exterior nor the inward man Resembles that it was.
Something he left imperfect in the state which, since his coming forth, is thought of; which imports to the kingdom so much fear and danger that his personal return was most required and necessary.
Something we will determine.
Something, sure, of state, Either from Venice, or some unhatched practice Made demonstrable here in Cyprus to him, Hath puddled his clear spirit, and in such cases Men’s natures wrangle with inferior things, Though great ones are their object.
Sometime a horse I’ll be, sometime a hound, A hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire.
Sometime am I All wound with adders who with cloven tongues Do hiss me into madness.
Sometime I’d divide, And burn in many places.
Sometime she gallops o'er a courtier’s nose, And then dreams he of smelling out a suit.
Sometimes from her eyes I did receive fair speechless messages.
Son, I’ll be your half Bianca comes.
Soon at five o'clock, Please you, I’ll meet with you upon the mart And afterward consort you till bedtime.
Soon may I hear and see him.
Sooth, but you must.
Sooth, la, I’ll help.
Sooth, madam, I hear nothing.
Sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours, Makes the night morning, and the noontide night.
Sorry I am my noble cousin should Suspect me that I mean no good to him.
Souls and bodies hath he divorced three, and his incensement at this moment is so implacable that satisfaction can be none but by pangs of death and sepulchre.
Sound them, it doth become the mouth as well.
Sound, music!—Come, my queen, take hands with me, And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be.
Sound, trumpet!
Soundly, my lord.
Sovereign of Egypt, hail!
Space enough Have I in such a prison.
Spake you not these words plain: “Sirrah, knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and knock me soundly”?
Spake you of Caesar?
Spake you with him?
Spakest thou of Juliet?
Spare not for the cost.
Speak again.
Speak but one rhyme, and I am satisfied.
Speak it again and, even with the word, This hand, which for thy love did kill thy love, Shall for thy love kill a far truer love.
Speak low if you speak love.
Speak no more of him; you’ll be whipped for taxation one of these days.
Speak not against it.
Speak not of Helena.
Speak not so grossly.—You are all amazed.
Speak not.
Speak once again.
Speak softly.
Speak softly.
Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounced it to you, trippingly on the tongue.
Speak the word along.
Speak this no more.
Speak thou now.
Speak to her, Hamlet.
Speak to him.
Speak to me home.
Speak to me what thou art.
Speak to me.
Speak to us.
Speak what we feel, not what we ought to say.
Speak within door.
Speak yet again.
Speak yet.
Speak you so gently?
Speak your office.
Speak, Agrippa.
Speak, Count, ’tis your cue.
Speak, hands, for me!
Speak, I charge you.
Speak, I’ll go no further.
Speak, if you can: what are you?
Speak, is ’t out o' th' way?
Speak, man.
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair, and fairly, I pray thee.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus.—Thisbe, stand forth.
Speak, speak!
Speak, speak.
Speak!
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak’st thou in sober meanings?
Speakest thou from thy heart?
Speed him hence.
Spend this for me.
Spirit, We must prepare to meet with Caliban.
Spirits, which by mine art I have from their confines called to enact My present fancies.
Spit, fire!
Spoke like a tall man that respects thy reputation.
Spoke like an officer!
Sport royal, I warrant you.
Sport?
Spout, rain!
Stand aside.
Stand away, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stand close and list him.
Stand far off.
Stand fast together, lest some friend of Caesar’s Should chance— Talk not of standing.—Publius, good cheer.
Stand fast, Titinius.
Stand from the body.
Stand from the hearse.
Stand here, make a good show on ’t.
Stand not amazed.
Stand still.
Stand thee close, then, under this penthouse, for it drizzles rain, and I will, like a true drunkard, utter all to thee.
Stand there!
Stand to ’t.
Stand up.
Stand you both forth now: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave.
Stand, an you be a man.
Stand, ho!
Stand, ho!
Stand, ho!
Stand, you neat slave, strike!
Stand!
Stands he or sits he?
Stands Scotland where it did?
Stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm, And I did scorn it and disdain to fly.
Stanley, he is your wife’s son.
Stanley, look to your wife.
Stanley, what news with you?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius showed the torchlight but, my lord, He came not back.
Stay and speak!
Stay but a little.
Stay here.
Stay not to answer me, but get thee gone.
Stay not, be gone.
Stay the friar too.
Stay till I have read the letter.
Stay with us.
Stay yet.
Stay, countrymen.
Stay, dog, for thou shalt hear me.
Stay, fellow.
Stay, gentle Helena.
Stay, give me drink.—Hamlet, this pearl is thine.
Stay, I prithee, tell me what thou thinkest of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
Stay, madam.
Stay, on thy peril.
Stay, stand apart.
Stay, then.
Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
Stay!
Stayed it long?
Stephano is my name, and I bring word My mistress will before the break of day Be here at Belmont.
Stephano!
Stephano!
Still am I called.—Unhand me, gentlemen.
Still be ’t yours.
Still be kind And eke out our performance with your mind.
Still did I tell him it was vile and bad.
Still in this fashion, color, ornament, For him I imitate.
Still it cried, “Sleep no more!” to all the house.
Still live they, and forever let them last.
Still so constant, lord.
Still so cruel?
Still through the hawthorn blows the cold wind, says, “Suum, mun, nonny.” Dauphin my boy, my boy, cessez.
Still you keep o' the windy side of the law.
Stir with the lark tomorrow, gentle Norfolk.
Stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, He makes for England, here to claim the crown.
Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak.
Stood the state so?
Stoop, Romans, stoop, And let us bathe our hands in Caesar’s blood Up to the elbows, and besmear our swords.
Stop her there!
Stop in your wind, sir.
Stop it, Marcellus.
Stop that, ’twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney.
strange that sheeps' guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies?
Strange things I have in head, that will to hand, Which must be acted ere they may be scanned.
Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she hath contaminated.
Strato, thou hast been all this while asleep.
Strike alarum, drums!
Strike his wife?
Strike not by land; keep whole.
Strike on the tinder, ho!
Strike the vessels, ho!
Strike, drum.
Strike, I say!
Strike!
Strike!
Strives in his little world of man to outscorn The to-and-fro–conflicting wind and rain.
Striving to better, oft we mar what’s well.
Strumpet, I come.
Such a mad marriage never was before.
Such a one Am I to fear, or none.
Such a one is a natural philosopher.
Such an exploit have I in hand, Ligarius, Had you a healthful ear to hear of it.
Such and so finely bolted didst thou seem.
Such as I am, I come from Antony.
Such as she says my lord did say I was.
Such comfort as do lusty young men feel When well-appareled April on the heel Of limping winter treads.
Such duty as the subject owes the prince, Even such a woman oweth to her husband.
Such have but a shadow’s bliss.
Such news, my lord, as grieves me to report.
Such unconstant starts are we like to have from him as this of Kent’s banishment.
Such was the very armour he had on When he the ambitious Norway combated.
Such welcome and unwelcome things at once 'Tis hard to reconcile.
Such wind as scatters young men through the world To seek their fortunes farther than at home, Where small experience grows.
Sue to him again and he’s yours.
Suffer love!
Suffolk first died, and York, all haggled over, Comes to him where in gore he lay insteeped And takes him by the beard, kisses the gashes That bloodily did yawn upon his face.
Sunday comes apace.
Supper is done, and we shall come too late.
Support him by the arm.
Suppose th' Ambassador from the French comes back, Tells Harry that the king doth offer him
Sure he hath killed his wife.
Sure it is hers.
Sure ones, then.
Sure we thank you.
Sure, ’tis not so.
Sure, her offense Must be of such unnatural degree That monsters it (or your fore-vouched affection Fall into taint), which to believe of her Must be a faith that reason without miracle Could never plant in me.
Sure, I shall never marry like my sisters, To love my father all.
Sure, I think so, And therefore certainly it were not good She knew his love, lest she make sport at it.
Sure, it was the roar Of a whole herd of lions.
Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock.
Sure, these are but imaginary wiles, And lapland sorcerers inhabit here.
Surely I do believe your fair cousin is wronged.
Surely, a princely testimony, a goodly count, Count Comfect, a sweet gallant, surely!
Susan and she—God rest all Christian souls!— Were of an age.
Swagger?
Swallows have built In Cleopatra’s sails their nests.
Swart like my shoe, but her face nothing like so clean kept.
Swear by her foot, that she may tread out the oath.
Swear by my sword Never to speak of this that you have heard.
Swear by my sword.
Swear by your double self, And there’s an oath of credit!
Swear not by time to come, for that thou hast Misused ere used, by times ill-used o'erpast.
Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, Old feeble carrions and such suffering souls That welcome wrongs.
Swear your love.
Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all miscarried.
Sweet Beatrice, wouldst thou come when I called thee?
Sweet bodements!
Sweet Desdemona!
Sweet friends, to bed.
Sweet friends, your patience for my long abode.
Sweet Hero, now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that I loved it first.
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
Sweet lady, you have given me life and living.
Sweet lord, if your lordship were at leisure, I should impart a thing to you from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Sweet masters, be patient.
Sweet men, come to him.
Sweet mistress—what your name is else I know not, Nor by what wonder you do hit of mine,—
Sweet Moon, I thank thee for thy sunny beams.
Sweet now, silence.
Sweet Phoebe, do not scorn me.
Sweet Phoebe, pity me.
Sweet Portia, If you did know to whom I gave the ring, If you did know for whom I gave the ring, And would conceive for what I gave the ring, And how unwillingly I left the ring When naught would be accepted but the ring, You would abate the strength of your displeasure.
Sweet Prince, why speak not you?
Sweet Prince, you learn me noble thankfulness.— There, Leonato, take her back again.
Sweet remembrancer!
Sweet saint, for charity, be not so curst.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Sweet Sir Toby, be patient for tonight.
Sweet soul, let’s in, and there expect their coming.
Sweet-heart!
Sweet, say on.
Sweet, so would I.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what says my love?
Sweetest nut hath sourest rind; Such a nut is Rosalind.
Sweetly in force unto her fair life’s end.
Sweets to the sweet.
Swell, bosom, with thy fraught, For ’tis of aspics' tongues!
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I’ll cry a match.
Swoons rather, for so bad a prayer as his Was never yet for sleep.
Sword” is an oath, and oaths must have their course.
Swords out, and tilting one at other’s breasts In opposition bloody.
Swounds, show me what thou'lt do.
Swum ashore, man, like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away the fool, gentlemen.
Take away the lady.
Take but good note, and you shall see in him The triple pillar of the world transformed Into a strumpet’s fool.
Take comfort.
Take each man’s censure but reserve thy judgment.
Take from them now The sense of reck'ning ere th' opposèd numbers Pluck their hearts from them.
Take heed o' th' foul fiend.
Take heed of Cassius.
Take heed you fall not.
Take heed, Signior Baptista, lest you be cony-catched in this business.
Take heed, sirrah—the whip.
Take hence this jack and whip him.
Take him for all in all.
Take him hence.
Take him on the costard with the hilts of thy sword, and then throw him into the malmsey butt in the next room.
Take him up gently, and to bed with him, And each one to his office when he wakes.
Take in your love, and then let me alone.
Take it and do ’t, and leave me for this time.
Take it in what sense thou wilt.
Take it thankfully.
Take it, brave York.
Take it, God, For it is none but thine.
Take me up.
Take my sword.
Take no note of him.
Take no offense that I would not offend you.
Take not her part.
Take not the quarrel from His powerful arm; He needs no indirect or lawless course To cut off those that have offended Him.
Take note, take note, O world, To be direct and honest is not safe.
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute, Not as a fee.
Take that of me, my friend, who have the power  To seal th' accuser’s lips.
Take that, and that.
Take the fool away.
Take the hint Which my despair proclaims.
Take thee that too.
Take their examination yourself and bring it me.
Take them away.
Take them in.
Take thou some new infection to thy eye, And the rank poison of the old will die.
Take thou that.
Take thou the bill, give me thy mete- yard, and spare not me.
Take thrice thy money.
Take thy face hence.
Take thy fair hour, Laertes.
Take thy forfeiture.
Take to you no hard thoughts.
Take up her bed And bear her women from the monument.
Take up my mistress' gown for thy master’s use!
Take up my mistress' gown to his master’s use!
Take up the bodies.
Take up the body.
Take up the sword again, or take up me.
Take up those cords.—Poor ropes, you are beguiled, Both you and I, for Romeo is exiled.
Take what wife you will to bed, I will ever be your head.
Take you assurance of her cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum.
Take you some company, and away to horse.
Take you, as ’twere, some distant knowledge of him, As thus: “I know his father and his friends, And, in part, him.” Do you mark this, Reynaldo?
Take your place.
Take your time.
Talk no more.
Talk not to me, for I’ll not speak a word.
Talk not to me.
Talk not, Signior Gremio.
Talk you of killing?
Talk you of young Master Launcelot?
Talkers are no good doers.
Talkest thou nothing but of ladies?
Tarry a little.
Tarry, good Beatrice.
Tarry, Jew.
Tarry, Petruchio, I must go with thee, For in Baptista’s keep my treasure is.
Tarry, rash wanton.
Tarry, sweet Beatrice.
Tarry, sweet soul, for mine; then fly abreast, As in this glorious and well-foughten field We kept together in our chivalry.” Upon these words I came and cheered him up.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Teach it but how, And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lesson that may do thee good.
Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak.
Teach me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him, tear him!
Tears his white hair, Which the impetuous blasts, with eyeless rage, Catch in their fury and make nothing of.
Tears seven times salt, Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!
Tedious it were to tell and harsh to hear.
Tedious” and “brief”?
Tell Antony Brutus is ta'en.
Tell her I am arrested in the street, And that shall bail me.
Tell her my love, more noble than the world, Prizes not quantity of dirty lands; The parts that fortune hath bestowed upon her, Tell her, I hold as giddily as fortune; But ’tis that miracle and queen of gems That nature pranks her in attracts my soul.
Tell her the king, that may command, entreats— That, at her hands, which the king’s King forbids.
Tell him he shall not speak with me.
Tell him his fears are shallow, without instance.
Tell him I am prompt To lay my crown at ’s feet, and there to kneel.
Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf, and hope all will be well.
Tell him I would speak with him.
Tell him I’ll knock his leek about his pate Upon Saint Davy’s day.
Tell him my fury shall abate, and I the crowns will take.
Tell him myself, the mayor, and aldermen, No less importing than our general good, In deep designs, and matters of great moment Are come to have some conference with his grace.
Tell him so yourself, And see how he will take it at your hands.
Tell him there’s a post come from my master with his horn full of good news.
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur, but that we thought not good to bruise an injury till it were full ripe.
Tell him, so please him come unto this place, He shall be satisfied and, by my honor, Depart untouched.
Tell him, when that our princely father York Blessed his three sons with his victorious arm, He little thought of this divided friendship.
Tell me at whose suit.
Tell me but this, Have you not sometimes seen a handkerchief Spotted with strawberries in your wife’s hand?
Tell me but truly—but then speak the truth— Do you not love my sister?
Tell me for more certainty, Albeit I’ll swear that I do know your tongue.
Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.
Tell me not, Friar, that thou hear’st of this, Unless thou tell me how I may prevent it.
Tell me once more what title thou dost bear.
Tell me that.
Tell me that.
Tell me thine first.
Tell me this, I pray: Where have you left the money that I gave you?
Tell me what more thou know’st.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me why.
Tell me your counsels.
Tell me your mind.
Tell me, and dally not: where is the money?
Tell me, daughter Juliet, How stands your disposition to be married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, good my friend, What torch is yond that vainly lends his light To grubs and eyeless skulls?
Tell me, heavenly bow, If Venus or her son, as thou dost know, Do now attend the queen?
Tell me, how fares our loving mother?
Tell me, if your art Can tell so much: shall Banquo’s issue ever Reign in this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, that I may sack The hateful mansion.
Tell me, thou unknown power—      He knows thy thought.
Tell me, thou villain-slave, where are my children?
Tell me, thou villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Tell not me.
Tell the clock there.
Tell the constable.
Tell the hot duke that Lear— No, but not yet.
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me.
Tell thou the tale!
Tell us the manner of it, gentle Casca.
Tell us what hath chanced today That Caesar looks so sad.
Tell us where ’tis, that we may take it thence And bear it to the chapel.
Tell your piteous heart There’s no harm done.
Temperance was a delicate wench.
Tempt him not so too far.
Ten masts at each make not the altitude Which thou hast perpendicularly fell.
Tender yourself more dearly, Or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase, Running it thus—you’ll tender me a fool.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Th' abuse of greatness is when it disjoins Remorse from power.
Th' affair cries haste And speed must answer it.
Th' ambassadors from Norway, my good lord, Are joyfully returned.
Th' exchange of thy love’s faithful vow for mine.
Th' occasion speaks thee, and My strong imagination sees a crown Dropping upon thy head.
Th’ art an honest man.
Than my Lord Hastings no man might be bolder.
Thank God.” A good answer.
Thank you.
Thanks for that.
Thanks to your Highness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, dear my lord.
Thanks, good Egeus.
Thanks, good my countryman.
Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.
Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
Thanks, sir: the like to you!
Thanks, you the valiant of this warlike isle That so approve the Moor.
That ’scuse serves many men to save their gifts.
That “banishèd,” that one word “banishèd” Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts.
That “fair” again unsay.
That “may be” must be, love, on Thursday next.
That “sort” was well fished for.
That a maiden’s heart hath burned?
That a monster should be such a natural!
That a woman conceived me, I thank her.
That by proscription and bills of outlawry, Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus Have put to death an hundred senators.
That can I.
That cannot be, since I am still possessed Of those effects for which I did the murder: My crown, mine own ambition, and my queen.
That chain will I bestow— Be it for nothing but to spite my wife— Upon mine hostess there.
that claims marriage of me, i could find in my heart to stay here still, and turn witch.
That courtesy would be uncleanly if courtiers were shepherds.
That death’s unnatural that kills for loving.
That defense thou hast, betake thee to ’t.
That did I never hear.
That did I, my lord, and was accounted a good actor.
That do I long to hear.
That done, I will be walking on the works, Repair there to me.
That done, repair to Pompey’s theatre.
That dreamers often lie.
That ever holds.
That ever I should call thee castaway!
That ever I should live to see thee dead.
That eye my daughter lent her; ’tis most true.
That eye that told you so looked but asquint.
That eyeless head of thine was first framed flesh To raise my fortunes.
That face of his I do remember well.
That from your first of difference and decay Have followed your sad steps.
That goldsmith there, were he not packed with her, Could witness it, for he was with me then, Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Porpentine, Where Balthasar and I did dine together.
That handkerchief thou speak’st of I found by fortune and did give my husband.
That handkerchief Which I so loved and gave thee, thou gav’st To Cassio.
That hath made him mad.
That he hath not.
That he hath usèd thee.
That he might not beteem the winds of heaven Visit her face too roughly.—Heaven and earth, Must I remember?
That he was never trainèd up in arms.
That head, my lord?
That Herod’s head I’ll have!
That high All-seer which I dallied with Hath turned my feignèd prayer on my head And given in earnest what I begged in jest.
That I ask again, For nothing can be ill if she be well.
That I beheld.
That I did for him.
That I did love the Moor to live with him, My downright violence and storm of fortunes May trumpet to the world.
That I disdain.
That I have labored With all my wits, my pains, and strong endeavors, To bring your most imperial Majesties Unto this bar and royal interview, Your mightiness on both parts best can witness.
That I have, lady.
That I love her, I feel.
That I might sleep out this great gap of time My Antony is away.
That I was disdainful and that I had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales!
That I’ll try.
That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty.
That is another simple sin in you, to bring the ewes and the rams together and to offer to get your living by the copulation of cattle; to be bawd to a bellwether and to betray a she-lamb of a twelvemonth to a crooked-pated old cuckoldly ram, out of all reasonable match.
That is because the traitor murderer lives.
That is done, sir.
That is enough to satisfy the senate.
That is he.
That is hot ice and wondrous strange snow.
That is my rest; that is the rendezvous of it.
That is some good.
That is the chain, sir, which you had of me.
That is the sum of all, Leonato.—Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato hath invited you all.
That is the very defect of the matter, sir.
That is the voice, Or I am much deceived, of Portia.
That is the way to make her scorn you still.
That is where we dined, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband.
That is, to watch her, as we watch these kites That bate and beat and will not be obedient.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
That it would please you leave these sad designs To him that hath more cause to be a mourner, And presently repair to Crosby House, Where, after I have solemnly interred At Chertsey monast'ry this noble king And wet his grave with my repentant tears, I will with all expedient duty see you.
That last is true.
That light we see is burning in my hall.
That lord that counseled thee To give away thy land, Come place him here by me.
That love i begged for you he begged of me.
That may be, for you bear a many superfluously, and ’twere more honor some were away.
That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.
That methinks is strange.
That most ingrateful boy there by your side From the rude sea’s enraged and foamy mouth Did I redeem.
That must we also.
That nature, which contemns its origin Cannot be bordered certain in itself.
That nothing do but meditate on blood, To swearing and stern looks, diffused attire, And everything that seems unnatural.
That now I will have—that’s the humor of it.
That now Sweno, the Norways' king, craves composition.
That our garments, being, as they were, drenched in the sea, hold notwithstanding their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dyed than stained with salt water.
That Petruchio came?
That same cowardly, giantlike ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house.
That same villain, Romeo.
That shall be by and by.
That shall she.
That shall you know hereafter.
That she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks.
That she is worthy, I know.
That she may long live here, God say amen.
That she was false to wedlock?
That she’s the chosen of Signior Hortensio.
That shows thou art unconfirmed.
That sir which serves and seeks for gain,  And follows but for form,  Will pack when it begins to rain  And leave thee in the storm.
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once.
That song tonight Will not go from my mind.
That the soul of our grandam might haply inhabit a bird.
That they lack, for if their heads had any intellectual armor, they could never wear such heavy head-pieces.
That they were, I wish Myself were mudded in that oozy bed Where my son lies.—When did you lose your daughter?
That thing you speak of, I took it for a man.
That thou dost love my daughter from thy soul.
That thou shalt see the difference of our spirit, I pardon thee thy life before thou ask it.
That very hour, and in the selfsame inn, A meaner woman was deliverèd Of such a burden, male twins, both alike.
That very time I saw (but thou couldst not) Flying between the cold moon and the Earth, Cupid all armed.
That villain cousin would have killed my husband.
That was in thy rage.
That way the noise is.
That we should, with joy, pleasance revel and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!
That were a kind of bastard hope indeed.
That were the most if he should   husband you.
That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold.
That which I gave you.
That which is now a horse, even with a thought The rack dislimns and makes it indistinct As water is in water.
That which ordinary men are fit for, I am qualified in.
That which you are, my thoughts cannot transpose.
That will be ere the set of sun.
That will I do.
That will I make before I let thee go.
That will I, for I must bear answer back How you excuse my brother, Rosalind.
That will I, Pompey.
That will I, should I die the hour after.
That will I.
That will never be.
That with this little arm and this good sword I have made my way through more impediments Than twenty times your stop.
That would hang us, every mother’s son.
That would I, had I kingdoms to give with her.
That would I, were I of all kingdoms king.
That you did fear is done.
That you do love me, I am nothing jealous.
That you do think you are not what you are.
That you have wronged me doth appear in this: You have condemned and noted Lucius Pella For taking bribes here of the Sardians, Wherein my letters, praying on his side Because I knew the man, were slighted off.
That you must teach me.
That you shall surely find him, Lead to the Sagittary the raisèd search, And there will I be with him.
That you should here repent you, The actors are at hand, and by their show You shall know all that you are like to know.
That you should think we come not to offend, But with good will.
That young swain that you saw here but erewhile, That little cares for buying anything.
That, being mad herself, she’s madly mated.
That, sir, which I will not report after her.
That?
That.
That’s a certain text.
That’s a degree to love.
That’s a fault that water will mend.
That’s a fault.
That’s a perilous shot out of an elder gun, that a poor and private displeasure can do against a monarch.
That’s a question.
That’s all one: has hurt me, and there’s the end on ’t.
That’s all one.
That’s all.
That’s as much as to say they are fools that marry.
That’s as much as to say, the sweet youth’s in love.
That’s as we list to grace him.
That’s certain—if the devil may be her judge.
That’s certain.
That’s fouler.
That’s good.
That’s he that was Othello.
That’s her torment.
That’s mercy, but too much security.
That’s more than we know.
That’s more to me than my wetting.
That’s most certain, and with you.
That’s my brave lord!
That’s my fear.
That’s my good son.
That’s my noble master!
That’s my office.
That’s my sister.
That’s not an office for a friend, my lord.
That’s not so good now.
That’s not so good.
That’s not so.
That’s not the tune.
That’s one of them.
That’s our offer.
That’s sides and heart.
That’s strange.
That’s the end.
That’s the next to do.
That’s twice.
That’s two of his weapons.
That’s very true, my lord.
The  I thank you.
The “fiery” duke?
The “why” is plain as way to parish church: He that a fool doth very wisely hit Doth very foolishly, although he smart, Not to seem senseless of the bob.
The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
The adventurous knight shall use his foil and target, the lover shall not sigh gratis, the humorous man shall end his part in peace, the clown shall make those laugh whose lungs are tickle o' th' sear, and the lady shall say her mind freely, or the blank verse shall halt for ’t.
The age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe.—How long hast thou been a grave-maker?
The air breathes upon us here most sweetly.
The air Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself Unto our gentle senses.
The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.
The ancient saying is no heresy.
The April’s in her eyes; it is love’s spring, And these the showers to bring it on.
The arbitrament is like to be bloody.
The article of my oath?
The barbarous Scythian, Or he that makes his generation messes To gorge his appetite, shall to my bosom Be as well neighbored, pitied, and relieved As thou my sometime daughter.
The bark is ready and the wind at help, Th' associates tend, and everything is bent For England.
The basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
The beds i’ th’ East are soft, and thanks to you, That called me timelier than my purpose hither, For I have gained by ’t.
The best and soundest of his time hath been but rash.
The best I can, my lord.
The best in this kind are but shadows, and the worst are no worse if imagination amend them.
The best news is that we have safely found Our king and company.
The best?
The better for the King of heaven that hath him.
The better for thy friends.
The better that your Lordship please to ask.
The bloody proclamation to escape, That followed me so near—O our lives' sweetness,
The blow thou hadst Shall make thy peace for moving me to rage, And I will boot thee with what gift beside Thy modesty can beg.
The bounty and the benison of heaven To boot and boot.
The boy gives warning something doth approach.
The boy was the very staff of my age, my very prop.
The breaking of so great a thing should make A greater crack.
The bridegroom he is come already.
The British powers are marching hitherward.
The broken rancor of your high-swoll'n hates, But lately splintered, knit, and joined together, Must gently be preserved, cherished, and kept.
The business of the state does him offence, And he does chide with you.
The business of this man looks out of him.
The business she hath broached in the state Cannot endure my absence.
The capon burns; the pig falls from the spit; The clock hath strucken twelve upon the bell; My mistress made it one upon my cheek.
The captain that did bring me first on shore Hath my maid’s garments.
The captain— Give it the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers.
The castle’s gently rendered.
The cause is in my will.
The cease of majesty Dies not alone, but, like a gulf, doth draw What’s near it with it.
The chain!
The chaplain of the Tower hath buried them, But where, to say the truth, I do not know.
The children live whose fathers thou hast slaughtered, Ungoverned youth, to wail it in their age; The parents live whose children thou hast butchered, Old barren plants, to wail it with their age.
The children thus disposed, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fixed, Fastened ourselves at either end the mast And, floating straight, obedient to the stream, Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought.
The citizens are up, and Tybalt slain.
The clerk is answered.
The clock hath stricken three.
The clock struck nine when I did send the Nurse.
The cockerel.
The competitors enter.
The concavities of it is not sufficient, for, look you, th' athversary, you may discuss unto the duke, look you, is digt himself four yard under the countermines.
The concernancy, sir?
The consequence is, then, thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits.
The constable of France.
The contents, as in part I understand them, are to blame.
The cords That Romeo bid thee fetch?
The Count Claudio shall marry the daughter of Leonato.
The count himself here hard by woos her.
The Count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well, but civil count, civil as an orange, and something of that jealous complexion.
The Count’s gentleman, one Cesario.
The court awards it, and the law doth give it.
The cowslips tall her pensioners be.
The crowner hath sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air Show scarce so gross as beetles.
The cry is still “They come!” Our castle’s strength Will laugh a siege to scorn.
The cunning of her passion Invites me in this churlish messenger.
The curfew bell hath rung.
The date is out of such prolixity.
The Dauphin longs for morning.
The Dauphin, whom of succors we entreated, Returns us that his powers are yet not ready To raise so great a siege.
The day is broke.
The day is spent.
The day is yours.
The day will come that thou shalt wish for me To help thee curse that poisonous bunch-backed toad.
The day, my friends, and all things stay for me.
The dearest ring in Venice will I give you, And find it out by proclamation.
The death of Antony Is not a single doom.
The deep of night is crept upon our talk, And nature must obey necessity, Which we will niggard with a little rest.
The desperate tempest hath so banged the Turks, That their designment halts.
The devil damn thee black, thou cream-faced loon!
The devil himself could not pronounce a title More hateful to mine ear.
The devil speaks in him.
The devil take order now!
The dew is raw and cold.
The ditty does remember my drowned father.
The door is open, sir.
The dram of evil Doth all the noble substance of a doubt To his own scandal.
The drink, the drink!
The dropsy drown this fool!
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
The duke be here tonight?
The Duke does greet you, general, And he requires your haste-post-haste appearance, Even on the instant.
The Duke himself, Or any of my brothers of the state, Cannot but feel this wrong as ’twere their own.
The Duke in council?
The duke is humorous.
The duke must grant me that.
The duke my father loved his father dearly.
The duke of Exeter doth love thee well.
The duke of Exeter has very gallantly maintained the pridge.
The duke of Gloucester, to whom the order of the siege is given, is altogether directed by an Irishman, a very valiant gentleman, i' faith.
The duke of York commends him to your Majesty.
The Duke’s in council and your noble self, I am sure, is sent for.
The duke’s to blame in this.
The earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment— Good Captain Blunt, bear my goodnight to him, And by the second hour in the morning Desire the earl to see me in my tent.
The early village cock Hath twice done salutation to the morn.
The ears are senseless that should give us hearing, To tell him his commandment is fulfilled, That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth hath bubbles, as the water has, And these are of them.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The earth, that’s nature’s mother, is her tomb.
The elements be kind to thee and make Thy spirits all of comfort!
The Emperor calls Canidius.
The enemy comes on in gallant show.
The enemy increaseth every day.
The enemy, marching along by them, By them shall make a fuller number up, Come on refreshed, new-added, and encouraged, From which advantage shall we cut him off If at Philippi we do face him there, These people at our back.
The English are embattled, you French peers.
The English force, so please you.
The English power is near, led on by Malcolm, His uncle Siward and the good Macduff.
The even mead, that erst brought sweetly forth The freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover, Wanting the scythe, withal uncorrected, rank, Conceives by idleness, and nothing teems But hateful docks, rough thistles, kecksies, burrs, Losing both beauty and utility.
The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interrèd with their bones.
The excuse that thou dost make in this delay Is longer than the tale thou dost excuse.
The Fairyland buys not the child of me.
The fault of it I’ll answer.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars But in ourselves, that we are underlings.
The fault’s your own.
The fearful passage of their death-marked love And the continuance of their parents' rage, Which, but their children’s end, naught could remove, Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage— The which, if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
The fee simple?
The fellow has good judgment.
The fiend gives the more friendly counsel.
The fiend is rough and will not be roughly used.
The fiend is strong within him.
The fire seven times tried this, Seven times tried that judgment is, That did never choose amiss.
The first interr'gatory That my Nerissa shall be sworn on is Whether till the next night she had rather stay, Or go to bed now, being two hours to day.
The first that there did greet my stranger-soul Was my great father-in-law, renownèd Warwick, Who spake aloud, “What scourge for perjury Can this dark monarchy afford false Clarence?” And so he vanished.
The flat transgression of a schoolboy who, being overjoyed with finding a birds' nest, shows it his companion, and he steals it.
The foe vaunts in the field.
The fold stands empty in the drownèd field, And crows are fatted with the murrain flock.
The folly of this island.
The food that to him now is as luscious as locusts shall be to him shortly as bitter as coloquintida.
The fool will stay.
The forfeit, sovereign, of my servant’s life, Who slew today a riotous gentleman Lately attendant on the duke of Norfolk.
The former Hero!
The foul fiend bites my back.
The foul fiend follows me!
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale.
The foul practice Hath turned itself on me.
The foul’st best fits My latter part of life.
The four strangers seek for you, madam, to take their leave.
The French ambassador upon that instant Craved audience.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French is gone off, look you, and there is gallant and most prave passages.
The French might have a good prey of us if he knew of it, for there is none to guard it but boys.
The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.
The gain I seek is quiet in the match.
The gallants desire it.
The galleys Have sent a dozen sequent messengers This very night at one another’s heels, And many of the consuls, raised and met, Are at the Duke’s already.
The games are done and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy shall be all shut up, And the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart, In liberty of bloody hand, shall range With conscience wide as hell, mowing like grass Your fresh fair virgins and your flow'ring infants.
The general and his wife are talking of it, And she speaks for you stoutly.
The general speaks to you.
The generals would have some words.
The gentleman that danced with her told her she is much wronged by you.
The gentleman will, for his honor’s sake, have one bout with you.
The gentleness of all the gods go with thee!
The glove which I have given him for a favor May haply purchase him a box o' th' ear.
The glowworm shows the matin to be near, And 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire.
The god of Jupiter.
The gods are just, and of our pleasant vices Make instruments to plague us.
The gods best know— Oh never was there queen So mightily betrayed!
The gods confound thee!
The gods defend her!—hear him hence awhile.
The gods defend him from so great a shame!
The gods do this in shame of cowardice.
The gods forbid!
The gods make this a happy day to Antony!
The gods reward your kindness!
The gods withhold me!
The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur, and the heedful slave Is wandered forth, in care to seek me out.
The good years shall devour them, flesh and fell, Ere they shall make us weep.
The goodness of the night upon you, friends!
The gown is made Just as my master had direction.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, Checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light, And fleckled darkness like a drunkard reels From forth day’s path and Titan’s fiery wheels.
The great contention of the sea and skies Parted our fellowship—   But, hark!
The great rage, You see, is killed in him.
The greater cantle of the world is lost With very ignorance.
The greater part, the horse in general, Are come with Cassius.
The greater therefore should our courage be.
The greatest note of it is his melancholy.
The ground indeed is tawny.
The ground is bloody.—Search about the churchyard.
The hand of death hath raught him.
The handkerchief!
The heads of the maids?
The heart is sorely charged.
The hearts of old gave hands, But our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.
The heavens do lour upon you for some ill. Move them no more by crossing their high will.
The heavens forbid But that our loves and comforts should increase, Even as our days do grow.
The heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes.
The herb I showed thee once.
The higher Nilus swells The more it promises.
The honor is sacred which he talks on now, Supposing that I lacked it.—But, on, Caesar.
The honorable lady of the house, which is she?
The hour of death is expiate.
The hour steals on.
The house will be the quieter.
The hurt cannot be much.
The Hyrcanian deserts and the vasty wilds Of wide Arabia are as thoroughfares now For princes to come view fair Portia.
The images of revolt and flying off.
The ingratitude of this Seleucus does Even make me wild.
The interim’s mine.
The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve.
The itch of his affection should not then Have nicked his captainship at such a point When half to half the world opposed, he being The merèd question.
The Jew shall have all justice.
The Jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones and all, Ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood.
The jewels you have had from me to deliver Desdemona would half have corrupted a votaress.
The Jove of power make me most weak, most weak, Your reconciler!
The juice of it on sleeping eyelids laid Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees.
The king and prince at prayers.
The king and queen and all are coming down.
The king comes here tonight.
The king doth love you well.
The king enacts more wonders than a man, Daring an opposite to every danger.
The king falls from bias of nature—there’s father against child.
The king has killed his heart.
The king hath granted every article, His daughter first, and, in sequel, all, According to their firm proposed natures.
The king hath heard them, to the which as yet There is no answer made.
The king hath note of all that they intend, By interception which they dream not of.
The king hath strictly charged the contrary.
The king himself is rode to view their battle.
The king his master needs must take it ill, That he, so slightly valued in his messenger, Should have him thus restrained.
The king is coming.
The king is full of grace and fair regard.
The king is mad.
The king is not bound to answer the particular endings of his soldiers, the father of his son, nor the master of his servant, for they purpose not their death, when they purpose their services.
The king is not to answer it.
The king mine uncle is to blame for it.
The king my father?!
The King of Naples, being an enemy To me inveterate, hearkens my brother’s suit, Which was that he, in lieu o' th' premises Of homage and I know not how much tribute, Should presently extirpate me and mine Out of the dukedom, and confer fair Milan With all the honors on my brother.
The king rises.
The king shall drink to Hamlet’s better breath, And in the cup an union shall he throw Richer than that which four successive kings In Denmark’s crown have worn.
The King will be gone from Southampton.
The king would speak with Cornwall.
The king, His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted, And the remainder mourning over them, Brimful of sorrow and dismay.
The king, sir— Ay, sir, what of him?
The king, sir, hath laid that in a dozen passes between yourself and him, he shall not exceed you three hits.
The king, sir, hath wagered with him six Barbary horses, against the which he has impawned, as I take it, six French rapiers and poniards with their assigns—as girdle, hangers, and so.
The king, the king’s to blame.
The king?
The king’s a bawcock, and a heart of gold, A lad of life, an imp of fame, Of parents good, of fist most valiant.
The king’s a-bed.
The king’s son have I landed by himself, Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle, and sitting, His arms in this sad knot.
The king’s son, Ferdinand, With hair up-staring—then, like reeds, not hair— Was the first man that leaped, cried, “Hell is empty And all the devils are here.”      Why, that’s my spirit!
The knave counterfeits well.
The labor we delight in physics pain.
The ladies, her attendants of her chamber Saw her abed, and in the morning early They found the bed untreasured of their mistress.
The Lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you.
The lady is dead upon mine and my master’s false accusation.
The lady of the Strachy married the yeoman of the wardrobe.
The lady protests too much, methinks.
The lamentable change is from the best; The worst returns to laughter.
The last of all the Romans, fare thee well!
The last she spake Was “Antony, most noble Antony!” Then in the midst a tearing groan did break The name of Antony.
The last was I that felt thy tyranny.
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law hath yet another hold on you.
The law that threatened death becomes thy friend And turns it to exile—there art thou happy.
The laws are mine, not thine.
The leisure and the fearful time Cuts off the ceremonious vows of love And ample interchange of sweet discourse, Which so-long-sundered friends should dwell upon.
The less they deserve, the more merit is in your bounty.
The letters that he speaks of  May be my friends.
The lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient.
The lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard.
The life”?
The like is on her arm.
The limit of your lives is out.
The little dogs and all, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—see, they bark at me.
The little strength that I have, I would it were with you.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord in heaven bless thee, noble Harry!
The Lord Mayor knocks.
The Lord protect him from that kingly title!
The love that follows us sometime is our trouble, Which still we thank as love.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet Are of imagination all compact.
The madly used Malvolio.”  Did he write this?
The main descry Stands in the hourly thought.
The man grows mad.
The man i' th' moon!
The man is innocent.
The man is notwithstanding sufficient.
The man should be put into the lanthorn.
The man that once did sell the lion’s skin While the beast lived was killed with hunting him.
The manner of their deaths?
The mariners all under hatches stowed, Who, with a charm joined to their suffered labor, I have left asleep.
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
The matter?
The Mayor and all his brethren in best sort, Like to the senators of th' antique Rome, With the plebeians swarming at their heels, Go forth and fetch their conquering Caesar in— As, by a lower but loving likelihood,
The mayor is here at hand.
The meantime, lady, I’ll raise the preparation of a war Shall stain your brother.
The meat was well, if you were so contented.
The merchandise which thou hast brought from Rome Are all too dear for me.
The mercy that was quick in us but late By your own counsel is suppressed and killed.
The messenger Came on my guard, and at thy tent is now Unloading of his mules.
The messengers from our sister and the king.
The messengers of Venice stays the meat.
The messengers!
The mighty dukes, Gloucester and Buckingham.
The mighty gods defend thee!
The mind I sway by and the heart I bear Shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear.
The minute of their plot Is almost come.—Well done.
The moblèd queen”?
The money that you owe me for the chain.
The moon is down.
The moon methinks looks with a watery eye.
The moon shines bright.
The moon?
The Moor already changes with my poison.
The Moor hath killed my mistress!
The Moor himself at sea And is in full commission here for Cyprus.
The Moor replies That he you hurt is of great fame in Cyprus And great affinity, and that in wholesome wisdom He might not but refuse you.
The Moor’s abused by some most villainous knave, Some base notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.
The more fool you for laying on my duty.
The more fool, madonna, to mourn for your brother’s soul being in heaven.
The more I hate, the more he follows me.
The more I love, the more he hateth me.
The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace.
The more my wrong, the more his spite appears.
The more pity that fools may not speak wisely what wise men do foolishly.
The more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.
The morn is fair.
The morning comes upon ’s.
The most exquisite Claudio?
The most infectious pestilence upon thee!
The most you sought was her promotion, For ’twas your heaven she should be advanced.
The motion’s good indeed and be it so.— Petruchio, I shall be your
The motions of his spirit are dull as night, And his affections dark as Erebus.
The murmuring surge That on th' unnumbered idle pebbles chafes Cannot be heard so high.
The music, ho!
The name of Cassius honors this corruption, And chastisement doth therefore hide his head.
The nature of bad news infects the teller.
The near in blood, The nearer bloody.
The news is true, my lord.
The next Caesarion smite, Till by degrees the memory of my womb, Together with my brave Egyptians all, By the discandying of this pelleted storm Lie graveless till the flies and gnats of Nile Have buried them for prey!
The next thing then she waking looks upon— Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey or on busy ape— She shall pursue it with the soul of love.
The next, our ship— Which, but three glasses since, we gave out split— Is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when We first put out to sea.
The night has been unruly.
The noble Brutus Hath told you Caesar was ambitious.
The noble Brutus is ascended.
The noble duke my master, My worthy arch and patron, comes tonight.
The noblest deer hath them as huge as the rascal.
The noise they make Will cause Demetrius to awake.
The note lies in ’s throat, if he say I said so.
The oars were silver, Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and made The water which they beat to follow faster, As amorous of their strokes.
The oats have eaten the horses.
The obscure bird Clamored the livelong night.
The odds is gone, And there is nothing left remarkable Beneath the visiting moon.
The old cock.
The old man and his people Cannot be well bestowed.
The old man’s daughter told us all.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
The one I’ll stay, the other stayeth me.
The one is too like an image and says nothing, and the other too like my lady’s eldest son, evermore tattling.
The one of them contains my picture, Prince.
The one of them imports The death of Cassio to be undertook By Roderigo.
The one the other poisoned for my sake, And after slew herself.
The one, to save the money that he spends in tiring; the other, that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge.
The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, And the place death, considering who thou art, If any of my kinsmen find thee here.
The order was reversed.
The other did not so.
The other half comes to the general state, Which humbleness may drive unto a fine.
The other half Comes to the privy coffer of the state, And the offender’s life lies in the mercy Of the Duke only 'gainst all other voice.
The ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in vain, The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green corn Hath rotted ere his youth attained a beard.
The pale companion is not for our pomp.
The passages of alleys, creeks, and narrow lands; A hound that runs counter and yet draws dryfoot well, One that before the judgment carries poor souls to hell.
The patch is kind enough, but a huge feeder, Snail-slow in profit, and he sleeps by day More than the wildcat.
The people knows it, and have now received His accusations.
The people love me, and the sea is mine.
The perdition of th' athversary hath been very great, reasonable great.
The phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could carry cannon by our sides.
The pig, or the great, or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all one reckonings, save the phrase is a little variations.
The plainsong” is most just, for humors do abound.
The play’s the thing Wherein I’ll catch the conscience of the king.
The players cannot keep counsel.
The point envenomed too!—Then, venom, to thy work.
The poison of that lies in you to temper.
The poop was beaten gold, Purple the sails, and so perfumèd that The winds were lovesick with them.
The poor world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time there was not any man died in his own person, videlicet, in a love cause.
The potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit.
The pound of flesh which I demand of him Is dearly bought.
The power of Caesar, and His power unto Octavia.
The powers of the kingdom approach apace.
The prayers of holy saints and wrongèd souls, Like high-reared bulwarks, stand before our faces.
The Prince and Claudio promised by this hour To visit me.—You know your office, brother.
The Prince and Monsieur Love!
The prince my brother hath outgrown me far.
The Prince of Arragon hath ta'en his oath And comes to his election presently.
The Prince will doom thee death If thou art taken.
The Prince’s fool!
The princes both make high account of you—  I know they do, and I have well deserved it.
The princess is the better Englishwoman.—I' faith, Kate, my wooing is fit for thy understanding.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
The quality of nothing hath not such need to hide itself.
The quarrel is between our masters and us their men.
The Queen approaches.
The queen carouses to thy fortune, Hamlet.
The queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you fall to play.
The Queen Of audience nor desire shall fail, so she From Egypt drive her all-disgracèd friend Or take his life there.
The Queen shall then have courtesy, so she Will yield us up?
The queen your mother, in most great affliction of spirit, hath sent me to you.
The queen, my lord, is dead.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
The question of Cordelia and her father Requires a fitter place.
The question of his death is enrolled in the Capitol.
The rarer action is In virtue than in vengeance.
The rate— Well, Shylock, shall we be beholding to you?
The readiest way to make the wench amends Is to become her husband and her father; The which will I, not all so much for love As for another secret close intent By marrying her which I must reach unto.
The reason that I gather he is mad, Besides this present instance of his rage, Is a mad tale he told today at dinner Of his own doors being shut against his entrance.
The reason why the seven stars are no more than seven is a pretty reason.
The red plague rid you For learning me your language!
The residue of your fortune Go to my cave and tell me.—Good old man, Thou art right welcome as thy master is.
The rest aloof are the Dardanian wives, With blearèd visages come forth to view The issue of th' exploit.—Go, Hercules!
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, squires, And gentlemen of blood and quality.
The rest march on with me.
The rest shall keep as they are.
The rest will comfort, for thy counsel’s sound.
The revelers are entering, brother.
The revenges we are bound to take upon your traitorous father are not fit for your beholding.
The round world Should have shook lions into civil streets And citizens to their dens.
The royal tree hath left us royal fruit, Which, mellowed by the stealing hours of time, Will well become the seat of majesty, And make, no doubt, us happy by his reign.
The saddler had it, sir; I kept it not.
The same indeed, a very valiant fellow.
The same.
The sea, with such a storm as his bare head In hell-black night endured, would have buoyed up, And quenched the stellèd fires.
The second cock hath crowed.
The selfsame name, but one of better nature.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
The several messengers From hence attend dispatch.
The shame itself doth speak For instant remedy.
The ship was under sail.
The shrill-gorged lark so far Cannot be seen or heard.
The sight is dismal, And our affairs from England come too late.
The sight of lovers feedeth those in love.
The sight whereof I think you had from me, From Claudio and the Prince.
The sin upon my head, dread sovereign, For in the Book of Numbers is it writ: “When the man dies, let the inheritance Descend unto the daughter.” Gracious lord, Stand for your own, unwind your bloody flag, Look back into your mighty ancestors.
The sister to my wife, this gentlewoman, Thy son by this hath married.
The skies are painted with unnumbered sparks.
The skies, the fountains, every region near Seemed all one mutual cry.
The skin is good for your broken coxcomb.
The sky doth frown and lour upon our army.
The sky, it seems, would pour down stinking pitch, But that the sea, mounting to th' welkin’s cheek, Dashes the fire out.
The sleeping and the dead Are but as pictures.
The slip, sir, the slip.
The soldier’s pole is fall’n!
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son is fled.
The son of Clarence have I pent up close, His daughter meanly have I matched in marriage, The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham’s bosom, And Anne my wife hath bid this world goodnight.
The sooner, sweet, for you.
The sorrow that I have by right is yours, And all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
The soul and body rive not more in parting Than greatness going off.
The sound is going away.
The spirit of my father grows strong in me, and I will no longer endure it.
The spirit torments me.
The spirits that know All mortal consequences have pronounced me thus: “Fear not, Macbeth.
The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood Is stopped; the very source of it is stopped.
The spring, the summer, The childing autumn, angry winter change Their wonted liveries, and the mazèd world, By their increase, now knows not which is which.
The star is fall’n.
The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog as black as Acheron, And lead these testy rivals so astray As one come not within another’s way.
The storm is up and all is on the hazard.
The story is extant, and writ in choice Italian.
The strangers all are gone.
The strings, my lord, are false.
The sum of all I can, I have disclosed.
The sun doth gild our armor.
The sun is high, and we outwear the day.
The sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears, Thy old groans ring yet in my ancient ears.
The sun was not so true unto the day As he to me.
The sun will not be seen today.
The sun!
The sweet and bitter fool Will presently appear— The one in motley here, The other found out there.
The sweeter rest was mine.
The sweetest sleep and fairest-boding dreams That ever entered in a drowsy head Have I since your departure had, my lords.
The table’s full.
The taming school?
The taper burneth in your closet, sir.
The tempest in my mind Doth from my senses take all feeling else Save what beats there—filial ingratitude.
The tender prince Would fain have come with me to meet your Grace, But by his mother was perforce withheld.
The terms of our estate may not endure Hazard so dangerous as doth hourly grow Out of his lunacies.
The testament!
The text is foolish.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threatened me Ne'er looked but on my back.
The third o’ th’ world is yours, which with a snaffle You may pace easy, but not such a wife.
The third part, then, is drunk.
The thought whereof Doth, like a poisonous mineral, gnaw my inwards, And nothing can or shall content my soul Till I am evened with him, wife for wife.
The thoughts of people.
The thrice three Muses mourning for the death  Of learning, late deceased in beggary.” That is some satire, keen and critical, Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony.
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels, Of senators, of praetors, common suitors, Will crowd a feeble man almost to death.
The time ’twixt six and now Must by us both be spent most preciously.
The time has been my senses would have cooled To hear a night-shriek, and my fell of hair Would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir As life were in ’t.
The time has been That, when the brains were out, the man would die, And there an end.
The time is come.
The time is free.
The time is very short.
The time of universal peace is near.
The time to come.
The time was once when thou unurged wouldst vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well welcome to thy hand, That never meat sweet-savored in thy taste, Unless I spake, or looked, or touched, or carved to thee.
The time will bring it out.
The town is beseeched, and the trumpet call us to the breach, and we talk and, be Chrish, do nothing, ’tis shame for us all.
The town sounds a parley.
The town will rise.
The transgression is in the stealer.
The treacherous instrument is in thy hand, Unbated and envenomed.
The trick of that voice I do well remember.
The triplex, sir, is a good tripping measure, or the bells of Saint Bennet, sir, may put you in mind—one, two, three.
The trumpery in my house, go bring it hither For stale to catch these thieves.
The Turk with a most mighty preparation makes for Cyprus.
The tyrannous and bloody act is done, The most arch deed of piteous massacre That ever yet this land was guilty of.
The tyranny of the open night’s too rough For nature to endure.
The urging of that word “judgment” hath bred a kind of remorse in me.
The usurer hangs the cozener.
The valiant never taste of death but once.
The venom clamors of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
The venom of such looks, we fairly hope, Have lost their quality, and that this day Shall change all griefs and quarrels into love.
The very head and front of my offending Hath this extent, no more.
The very instant that I saw you did My heart fly to your service, there resides To make me slave to it, and for your sake Am I this patient log-man.
The villain is much lighter-heeled than I. I followed fast, but faster he did fly, That fallen am I in dark uneven way,
The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke, Who went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain shall not ’scape.
The violet smells to him as it doth to me.
The voice of Cassio.
The wager thou hast won, and I will add Unto their losses twenty thousand crowns, Another dowry to another daughter, For she is changed as she had never been.
The wager?
The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again.
The watchdogs bark.
The watery kingdom, whose ambitious head Spits in the face of heaven, is no bar To stop the foreign spirits, but they come As o'er a brook to see fair Portia.
The ways are dangerous.
The weakest kind of fruit Drops earliest to the ground, and so let me.
The weary way hath made you melancholy.
The weight of this sad time we must obey.
The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day.
The what?
The whole butt, man.
The wife of Antony Should have an army for an usher and The neighs of horse to tell of her approach Long ere she did appear.
The wildest hath not such a heart as you.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind sits in the shoulder of your sail And you are stayed for.
The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees Is left this vault to brag of.
The wine she drinks is made of grapes.
The wisdom of your duty, fair Bianca, Hath cost me an hundred crowns since suppertime.
The wiser, the waywarder.
The wolves have preyed, and look, the gentle day, Before the wheels of Phoebus, round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey.
The wonder is he hath endured so long.
The wood of Birnam.
The word is too good to paint out her wickedness.
The words expressly are “a pound of flesh.” Take then thy bond, take thou thy pound of flesh, But in the cutting it if thou dost shed One drop of Christian blood, thy lands and goods Are by the laws of Venice confiscate Unto the state of Venice.
The world affords no law to make thee rich.
The world esteemed thy father honorable, But I did find him still mine enemy.
The world is grown so bad That wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch.
The world is not thy friend nor the world’s law.
The world’s a huge thing.
The worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul.
The worm that’s fled Hath nature that in time will venom breed; No teeth for th' present.
The worms were hallowed that did breed the silk, And it was dyed in mummy which the skillful Conserved of maidens' hearts.
The worst fault you have is to be in love.
The wren goes to ’t, and the small gilded fly does lecher in my sight.
The younger rises when the old doth fall.
thee aloud “England is thine, Ireland is thine, France is thine, and Harry Plantagenet is thine,” who, though I speak it before his face, if he be not fellow with the best king, thou shalt find the best king of good fellows.
Thee and thy virtues here I seize upon, Be it lawful I take up what’s cast away.
Their aunt I am in law, in love their mother.
Their battles are at hand.
Their bloody sign of battle is hung out, And something to be done immediately.
Their course of love, the tidings of her death.
Their defeat Does by their own insinuation grow.
Their great guilt, Like poison given to work a great time after, Now 'gins to bite the spirits.
Their hands and faces were all badged with blood.
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk, And in their summer beauty kissed each other.
Their malady convinces The great assay of art, but at his touch— Such sanctity hath heaven given his hand— They presently amend.
Their mastiffs are of unmatchable courage.
Their names are pricked.
Their papers is more lawful.
Their preparation is today by sea.
Their residence, both in reputation and profit, was better both ways.
Their shadows seem A canopy most fatal, under which Our army lies, ready to give up the ghost.
Their ships are yare, yours, heavy.
Their villainy goes against my weak stomach, and therefore I must cast it up.
Then ’tis he: the rest That are within the note of expectation Already are i' th' court.
Then ’tis like the breath of an unfee’d lawyer.
Then ’tis most like The sovereignty will fall upon Macbeth.
Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows.
Then away she started To deal with grief alone.
Then be ’t so, my good lord.— How does the king?
Then be thou jocund.
Then be your eyes the witness of their evil.
Then belike my children shall have no names.
Then bid adieu to me, and say the tears Belong to Egypt.
Then both, or one, or anything thou wilt.
Then bring me to their sights.
Then brook abridgment, and your eyes advance After your thoughts, straight back again to France.
Then burst his mighty heart, And, in his mantle muffling up his face, Even at the base of Pompey’s statue, Which all the while ran blood, great Caesar fell.
Then but forbear your food a little while Whiles, like a doe, I go to find my fawn And give it food.
Then by your side no bed room me deny.
Then call we this the field of Agincourt, Fought on the day of Crispin Crispianus.
Then certifies your Lordship that this night He dreamt the boar had razèd his helm Besides, he says there are two councils kept, And that may be determined at the one Which may make you and him to rue at th' other.
Then comes my fit again.
Then comes the time, who lives to see ’t, That going shall be used with feet.
Then cursed she Hastings.
Then did they imitate that which I composed to my courser, for my horse is my mistress.
Then do but say to me what I should do That in your knowledge may by me be done, And I am pressed unto it.
Then does he say he lent me Some shipping, unrestored.
Then Edgar was abused.
Then every soldier kill his prisoners.
Then fly!
Then follow me and give me audience, friends.
Then forth, dear countrymen.
Then go we in to know his embassy, Which I could with a ready guess declare Before the Frenchman speak a word of it.
Then God be blessed, it is the blessèd sun.
Then hadst thou had an excellent head of hair.
Then half Signor Benedick’s tongue in Count John’s mouth, and half Count John’s melancholy in Signor Benedick’s face— With a good leg and a good foot, uncle, and money enough in his purse, such a man would win any woman in the world, if he could get her goodwill.
Then have at thee, boy!
Then have at you with my wit.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Then he is dead?
Then he offered it to him again, then he put it by again—but, to my thinking, he was very loath to lay his fingers off it.
Then he shall have no odds.
Then he’s a rogue, and a passy-measures pavin.
Then hear me, gracious sovereign, and you peers That owe yourselves, your lives, and services To this imperial throne.
Then heaven Have mercy on me!
Then hie you hence to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
Then how can it be said I am alone When all the world is here to look on me?
Then I beat my tabor, At which, like unbacked colts, they pricked their ears, Advanced their eyelids, lifted up their noses As they smelt music.
Then I defy you, stars!
Then I know My answer must be made.
Then I salute you with this royal title: Long live Richard, England’s worthy king!
Then I will come to my mother by and by.
Then I will give you the serving creature.
Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
Then I would you were so honest a man.
Then I, and you, and all of us fell down, Whilst bloody treason flourished over us.
Then I’ll be brief.
Then if he lose he makes a swanlike end, Fading in music.
Then if we lose this battle You are contented to be led in triumph Thorough the streets of Rome?
Then in my tent, Cassius, enlarge your griefs, And I will give you audience.
Then is Caesar and he forever knit together.
Then is courtesy a turncoat.
Then is he more beholding to you than I.
Then is the world one.
Then is there mirth in heaven When earthly things, made even, Atone together.
Then keep thy vow, sirrah, when thou meet’st the fellow.
Then know that from my soul I love thy daughter.
Then lead the way, good father; and heavens so shine That they may fairly note this act of mine.
Then learn this of me: to have is to have.
Then leave her, sir, for by the power that made me, I tell you all her wealth.
Then leave him out.
Then let the trumpets sound The tucket sonance and the note to mount, For our approach shall so much dare the field That England shall couch down in fear and yield.
Then let them use us well, else let them know, The ills we do, their ills instruct us so.
Then let thy love be younger than thyself, Or thy affection cannot hold the bent.
Then let us both be sudden.
Then let your servants bring my husband forth.
Then let your will attend on their accords.
Then like a Roman bear the truth I tell.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Then make a ring about the corpse of Caesar, And let me show you him that made the will.
Then meet me forthwith at the notary’s.
Then move not, while my prayer’s effect I take.
Then murder’s out of tune, And sweet revenge grows harsh.
Then must I think you would not have it so.
Then must the Jew be merciful.
Then must thou needs find out new heaven, new earth.
Then must we look from his age to receive not alone the imperfections of long-engrafted condition, but therewithal the unruly waywardness that infirm and choleric years bring with them.
Then must you speak Of one that loved not wisely, but too well.
Then never man was man true.
Then none have I offended.
Then one of you will prove a shrunk panel and, like green timber, warp, warp.
Then open not thy lips.
Then pardon him, sweet father, for my sake.
Then patiently hear my impatience.
Then plainly know my heart’s dear love is set On the fair daughter of rich Capulet.
Then plainly to her tell my loving tale.
Then pleaded I for you.
Then put up your pipes in your bag, for I’ll away.
Then saw you not his face?
Then say at once what is it thou requests.
Then say at once what thou dost know in this.
Then say they were not slain.
Then shall I bleed to death.
Then shall I swear to Kate, and you to me, And may our oaths well kept and prosp'rous be.
Then shall the sighs of Octavia blow the fire up in Caesar, and, as I said before, that which is the strength of their amity shall prove the immediate author of their variance.
Then shall we be news-crammed.
Then shall we find tomorrow they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight.
Then she bears some breadth?
Then she is well, and nothing can be ill.
Then show it me.
Then slip I from her bum, down topples she, And “Tailor!” cries, and falls into a cough, And then the whole quire hold their hips and laugh, And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swear A merrier hour was never wasted there.
Then so much have I heard.
Then stand with us.
Then swore he that he was a stranger here.
Then take him up and manage well the jest.
Then tell me If this might be a brother.
Then tell me, if I get your daughter’s love, What dowry shall I have with her to wife?
Then tell me, what makes he upon the seas?
Then the liars and swearers are fools, for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them.
Then the whining schoolboy with his satchel And shining morning face, creeping like snail Unwillingly to school.
Then there is no true lover in the forest, else sighing every minute and groaning every hour would detect the lazy foot of time as well as a clock.
Then there is the County Palatine.
Then there were two cousins laid up, when the one should be lamed with reasons and the other mad without any.
Then there’s hope a great man’s memory may outlive his life half a year.
Then there’s life in ’t.
Then thou art damned.
Then thus: Baptista is safe, talking with the deceiving father of a deceitful son.
Then to have seen much and to have nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands.
Then to the wood will he tomorrow night Pursue her.
Then walk we forth, even to the marketplace, And waving our red weapons o'er our heads Let’s all cry, “Peace, freedom, and liberty!” Stoop, then, and wash.
Then we are rid of Litio.
Then weep no more.
Then weigh what loss your honor may sustain If with too credent ear you list his songs, Or lose your heart, or your chaste treasure open To his unmastered importunity.
Then wherefore should I doubt?
Then will I lay the serving creature’s dagger on your pate.
Then will two at once woo one.
Then would to Heaven that I had never seen ’t!
Then yield thee, coward, And live to be the show and gaze o' th' time.
Then you are a better than the king.
Then you are mad indeed, if you be no better in your wits than a fool.
Then you do not love me?
Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her favors?
Then you must say “I take thee, Rosalind, for wife.” I take thee, Rosalind, for wife.
Then you will bring the chain to her yourself.
Then you’ll buy 'em to sell again.
Then your hose should be ungartered, your bonnet unbanded, your sleeve unbuttoned, your shoe untied, and everything about you demonstrating a careless desolation.
Then, at my farm I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail, Six score fat oxen standing in my stalls, And all things answerable to this portion.
Then, by myself—      Thyself is self-misused.
Then, gentle brother, get you in again.
Then, God grant me too Thou mayst be damnèd for that wicked deed.
Then, good my liege, mistake me not so much To think my poverty is treacherous.
Then, good my lord, teach your cousin to consent winking.
Then, if ever thou dar’st acknowledge it, I will make it my quarrel.
Then, if they die unprovided, no more is the king guilty of their damnation than he was before guilty of those impieties for the which they are now visited.
Then, in God’s name, march.
Then, in the name of God and all these rights, Advance your standards.
Then, lest he may, prevent.
Then, masters, look to see a troublous world.
Then, my queen, in silence sad, Trip we after the night’s shade.
Then, prophetlike, They hailed him father to a line of kings.
Then, tell me, Who’s the next heir of Naples?
Then, to answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly—wisely I say, I am a bachelor.
Then, window, let day in and let life out.
Then, with your will, go on.
Then, world, thou hast a pair of chaps, no more, And throw between them all the food thou hast, They’ll grind the one the other.
Then, you conclude, my grandam, he is dead.
Thence I have followed it, Or it hath drawn me rather.
Thence we looked toward England And cited up a thousand fearful times, During the wars of York and Lancaster That had befall'n us.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are my keys.—But wherefore should I go?
There are no faces truer than those that are so washed.
There are no tongues else for ’s turn.
There are no tricks in plain and simple faith.
There are some shrewd contents in yond same paper That steals the color from Bassanio’s cheek.
There are the players.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please.
There attend my coming.
There be fools alive, iwis, Silvered o'er—and so was this.
There be land rats and water rats, water thieves and land thieves—I mean pirates—and then there is the peril of waters, winds, and rocks.
There be some such, no question.
There came divers of Antonio’s creditors in my company to Venice that swear he cannot choose but break.
There comes an old man and his three sons— I could match this beginning with an old tale.
There could I have him now—and there—and there again—and there.
There he is.
There I deny my land service.
There I have another bad match!—a bankrupt, a prodigal who dare scarce show his head on the Rialto, a beggar that was used to come so smug upon the mart.
There I shall see mine own figure.
There is a cliff, whose high and bending head Looks fearfully in the confinèd deep.
There is a fair behavior in thee, captain, And though that nature with a beauteous wall Doth oft close in pollution, yet of thee I will believe thou hast a mind that suits With this thy fair and outward character.
There is a fat friend at your master’s house That kitchened me for you today at dinner.
There is a kind of merry war betwixt Signor Benedick and her.
There is a litter ready.
There is a lord will hear you play tonight; But I am doubtful of your modesties, Lest over-eyeing of his odd behavior— For yet his Honor never heard a play— You break into some merry passion And so offend him.
There is a man haunts the forest that abuses our young plants with carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs odes upon hawthorns and elegies on brambles, all, forsooth, deifying the name of Rosalind.
There is a river in Macedon, and there is also, moreover, a river at Monmouth.
There is an old poor man Who after me hath many a weary step Limped in pure love.
There is but one hope in it that can do you any good, and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither.
There is but one mind in all these men, and it is bent against Caesar.
There is further compliment of leave-taking between France and him.
There is means, madam.
There is more in it.—Cousin Ganymede.
There is more sense in that than in reputation.
There is no fear in him.
There is no harm intended to your person, Nor to no Roman else.
There is no love in you.
There is no more but so.
There is no more to say?
There is no obstruction in this.
There is no other shelter hereabouts.
There is no other way, Unless thou couldst put on some other shape And not be Richard, that hath done all this.
There is no other way.
There is no power in Venice Can alter a decree establishèd.
There is no tarrying here.
There is no terror, Cassius, in your threats, For I am armed so strong in honesty That they pass by me as the idle wind, Which I respect not.
There is no way but this, Sir Andrew.
There is no woman’s sides Can bide the beating of so strong a passion As love doth give my heart.
There is no world without Verona walls But purgatory, torture, hell itself.
There is none but he Whose being I do fear, and under him My genius is rebuked, as it is said Mark Antony’s was by Caesar.
There is none of my uncle’s marks upon you.
There is not chastity enough in language, Without offense, to utter them.—Thus, pretty lady, I am sorry for thy much misgovernment.
There is not enough leek to swear by.
There is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things.
There is one goat for you.
There is one within, Besides the things that we have heard and seen, Recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch.
There is so much that thou wilt kill me straight.
There is some ill a-brewing towards my rest, For I did dream of money bags tonight.
There is some strange misprision in the princes.
There is some strange thing toward, Edmund.
There is something else.
There is tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his valor, and death for his ambition.
There is ten thousand— Geese, villain?
There is the playhouse now, there must you sit, And thence to France shall we convey you safe And bring you back, charming the narrow seas To give you gentle pass; for, if we may, We’ll not offend one stomach with our play.
There is time enough.
There is too great testimony in your complexion that it was a passion of earnest.
There is your money that I had to keep.
There is, there is.
There it goes, Silver!
There lay he, stretched along like a wounded knight.
There let him sink, and be the seas on him!
There lies that Tybalt.
There lies the duke asleep, and there the keys.
There lies the man, slain by young Romeo, That slew thy kinsman, brave Mercutio.
There lies your love.
There lies your way, due west.
There lies your way.
There lock yourself and send him word you are dead.
There may as well be amity and life 'Tween snow and fire, as treason and my love.
There must be conclusions.
There my Lysander and myself shall meet.
There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave To tell us this.
There remain And fortify it strongly 'gainst the French.
There rust and let me die.
There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the Prince and Claudio.
There sleeps Titania sometime of the night, Lulled in these flowers with dances and delight.
There stays a husband to make you a wife.
There the grown serpent lies.
There thou mayst brain him, Having first seized his books; or with a log Batter his skull; or paunch him with a stake; Or cut his weasand with thy knife.
There thou mightst behold the great image of authority: a dog’s obeyed in office.
There thou shouldst be; By this great clatter, one of the greatest note Seems bruited.
There thou speak’st reason.
There to meet with Macbeth.
There was a noise, That’s verily.
There was a pretty redness in his lip, A little riper and more lusty red Than that mixed in his cheek: ’twas just the difference Betwixt the constant red and mingled damask.
There was blow for blow.
There was more foolery yet, if I could remember it.
There was never counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion as she discovers it.
There was no link to color Peter’s hat, And Walter’s dagger was not come from sheathing.
There was none such in the army of any sort.
There was, for a while, no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question.
There were none fine but Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
There were none principal.
There will she hide her To listen our propose.
There will we dine.
There will we rehearse, for if we meet in the city we shall be dogged with company, and our devices known.
There would this monster make a man.
There, Diomed, there.
There, drink that for me.
There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee.
There, my blessing with thee.
There, my lord.
There, My music playing far off, I will betray Tawny-finned fishes.
There, sir, stop.
There, take it to you, trenchers, cups, and all!
There, take it, Prince.
There, take it; and much thanks for my good cheer.
There, take my coxcomb.
There, take you that, sir knave.
There, where the torch doth burn.
There!
There.
There’s a bargain made.
There’s a division betwixt the dukes.
There’s a great abatement of kindness appears as well in the general dependants as in the duke himself also, and your daughter.
There’s a strong fellow, Menas.
There’s a time for all things.
There’s another garment for ’t.
There’s another.
There’s beggary in the love that can be reckoned.
There’s but one down.
There’s comfort yet; they are assailable.
There’s Dolabella sent from Caesar.
There’s enough.
There’s few or none will entertain it.
There’s fire ready.
There’s five to one.
There’s hell, there’s darkness, there’s the sulfurous pit— burning, scalding, stench, consumption!
There’s hope in ’t yet.
There’s husbandry in heaven; Their candles are all out.
There’s knocking at the gate.
There’s little of the melancholy element in her, my lord.
There’s magic in the web of it.
There’s matter in ’t indeed, if he be angry.
There’s meaning in thy snores.
There’s mine.
There’s money for thee.
There’s money for thee.
There’s money for your pains.
There’s more depends on this than on the value.
There’s my cap.
There’s my hand.
There’s my key.
There’s ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark But he’s an arrant knave.
There’s no art To find the mind’s construction in the face.
There’s no clock in the forest.
There’s no composition in this news That gives them credit.
There’s no doubt his majesty Will soon recover his accustomed health.
There’s no offense, my lord.
There’s no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature.
There’s no true drop of blood in him to be truly touched with love.
There’s none but witches do inhabit here, And therefore ’tis high time that I were hence.
There’s none else by.
There’s not a man I meet but doth salute me As if I were their well-acquainted friend, And every one doth call me by my name.
There’s not a nobler man in Rome than Antony.
There’s not a one of them but in his house I keep a servant fee’d.
There’s not a piece of feather in our host— Good argument, I hope, we will not fly— And time hath worn us into slovenry.
There’s not, I think, a subject That sits in heart-grief and uneasiness Under the sweet shade of your government.
There’s nothing in her yet.
There’s one at the gate.
There’s other business for thee.
There’s part of a power already footed.
There’s rosemary, that’s for remembrance.
There’s some conceit or other likes him well When that he bids good morrow with such spirit.
There’s something else to do.
There’s something in ’t That is deceivable.
There’s strange news come, sir.
There’s the cunning of it.
There’s the point.
There’s the respect That makes calamity of so long life.
There’s two or three of us have seen strange sights.
There’s warrant in that theft Which steals itself when there’s no mercy left.
Thereby shall we shadow The numbers of our host and make discovery Err in report of us.
Therefore  You will not pay for the glasses you have burst?
Therefore ’tis certain he was not ambitious.
Therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues.
Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.
Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard.
Therefore be cheered.
Therefore be deaf to my unpitied folly, And all the gods go with you!
Therefore be double damned, Swear thou art honest!
Therefore be merry, Cassio, For thy solicitor shall rather die Than give thy cause away.
Therefore be o' good cheer, for truly I think you are damned.
Therefore be out of hope, of question, of doubt.
Therefore be patient.
Therefore be patient.
Therefore bear up and board 'em.—Servant- monster, drink to me.
Therefore beware my censure, and keep your promise.
Therefore confess thee freely of thy sin, For to deny each article with oath Cannot remove nor choke the strong conception That I do groan withal.
Therefore depart and leave him here with me.
Therefore exhale.
Therefore forbear awhile.
Therefore get you on and give him his desire.
Therefore give me no counsel.
Therefore give out you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate.
Therefore go with me.
Therefore go.
Therefore great France My mourning and importuned tears hath pitied.
Therefore he hates me.
Therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with me.
Therefore heaven nature charged That one body should be filled With all graces wide-enlarged.
Therefore I do advise you, take this note.
Therefore I have entreated him along With us to watch the minutes of this night, That if again this apparition come He may approve our eyes and speak to it.
Therefore I pray you lead me to the caskets To try my fortune.
Therefore I pray you That to our sister you do make return.
Therefore I promise ye I fear you.
Therefore I say with noble Buckingham That it is meet so few should fetch the prince.
Therefore I took your hands, but was indeed Swayed from the point by looking down on Caesar.
Therefore I will depart unkissed.
Therefore I’ll sleep again.
Therefore in my presence still smile, dear my sweet, I prithee.”
Therefore is it most expedient for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, find no impediment to the contrary, to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as I am to myself.
Therefore know I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats.
Therefore let Benedick, like covered fire, Consume away in sighs, waste inwardly.
Therefore let every man now task his thought, That this fair action may on foot be brought.
Therefore let’s follow.
Therefore love moderately.
Therefore Make space enough between you.
Therefore my age is as a lusty winter, Frosty but kindly.
Therefore my merchandise makes me not sad.
Therefore my son i' th' ooze is bedded, and I’ll seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded And with him there lie mudded.
Therefore no marvel though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus.
Therefore no more but to the matter.
Therefore our everlasting farewell take.
Therefore perpend, my princess, and give ear.
Therefore play, music.—Prince, thou art sad.
Therefore prepare thee to cut off the flesh.
Therefore prepare thyself.
Therefore prepare to die.
Therefore prepare you.
Therefore should every soldier in the wars do as every sick man in his bed: wash every mote out of his conscience.
Therefore speak no more.
Therefore speak softly.
Therefore speak.
Therefore stay yet.
Therefore take heed how you impawn our person, How you awake our sleeping sword of war.
Therefore the Dukes of Berri and of Brittany, Of Brabant and of Orléans, shall make forth, And you, Prince Dauphin, with all swift dispatch, To line and new-repair our towns of war With men of courage and with means defendant.
Therefore the moon, the governess of floods, Pale in her anger, washes all the air, That rheumatic diseases do abound.
Therefore the sadness is without limit.
Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, As in revenge, have sucked up from the sea Contagious fogs, which falling in the land Have every pelting river made so proud That they have overborne their continents.
Therefore then, thou gaudy gold, Hard food for Midas, I will none of thee.
Therefore they thought it good you hear a play And frame your mind to mirth and merriment, Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life.
Therefore this letter, being so excellently ignorant, will breed no terror in the youth.
Therefore this project
Therefore thou liest.
Therefore thou must be hanged at the state’s charge.
Therefore thou sleep’st so sound.
Therefore thy earliness doth me assure Thou art uproused by some distemperature.
Therefore thy kinsmen are no stop to me.
Therefore to our best mercy give yourselves Or, like to men proud of destruction, Defy us to our worst.
Therefore tremble and depart.
Therefore turn and draw.
Therefore use thy discretion.
Therefore wast thou Deservedly confined into this rock, Who hadst deserved more than a prison.
Therefore we’ll have some half a dozen friends, And there an end.
Therefore weep.
Therefore with frank and with uncurbèd plainness Tell us the Dauphin’s mind.
Therefore you must needs play Pyramus.
Therefore your Grace may well say I have lost it.
Therefore,  Go, clear thy crystals.—Yoke-fellows in arms, Let us to France, like horse-leeches, my boys, To suck, to suck, the very blood to suck.
Therefore, as I am bound, Receive it from me.
Therefore, dear Isis, keep decorum, and fortune him accordingly.
Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires.
Therefore, farewell.
Therefore, good Brutus, be prepared to hear.
Therefore, good Emilia, Give me my nightly wearing, and adieu.
Therefore, great King, We yield our town and lives to thy soft mercy.
Therefore, have done.
Therefore, hear me, Hermia.
Therefore, I beseech your Highness pardon me.
Therefore, Lord Constable, haste on Montjoy And let him say to England that we send To know what willing ransom he will give.
Therefore, merchant, I’ll limit thee this day To seek thy life by beneficial help.
Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command Let him be brought forth and borne hence for help.
Therefore, my lords, omit no happy hour That may give furth'rance to our expedition; For we have now no thought in us but France, Save those to God, that run before our business.
Therefore, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be merry.
Therefore, O Antony, stay not by his side.
Therefore, out of my love to you, I came hither to acquaint you withal, that either you might stay him from his intendment or brook such disgrace well as he shall run into, in that it is a thing of his own search and altogether against my will.
Therefore, patiently and yielding.
Therefore, put money in thy purse.
Therefore, queen of all, Katherine, break thy mind to me in broken English.
Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes, I will be brief: your noble son is mad.
Therefore, when he sees reason of fears as we do, his fears, out of doubt, be of the same relish as ours are.
Therefore, you clown, abandon—which is, in the vulgar, “leave”—the society—which in the boorish is “company”—of this female—which in the common is “woman”; which together is, abandon the society of this female, or, clown, thou perishest; or, to thy better understanding, diest; or, to wit, I kill thee, make thee away, translate thy life into death, thy liberty into bondage.
Therein our letters do not well agree.
Therein the patient Must minister to himself.
Therein, ye gods, you make the weak most strong.
Therein, ye gods, you tyrants do defeat.
These are but wild and whirling words, my lord.
These are counselors That feelingly persuade me what I am.” Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head.
These are gracious drops.
These are news indeed!
These are not natural events.
These are now the fashion, and so berattle the common stages—so they call them—that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose quills and dare scarce come thither.
These are portents, but yet I hope, I hope They do not point on me.
These are the forgeries of jealousy.
These are unsightly tricks.
These babes for Clarence weep and so do I; I for an Edward weep; so do not they.
These be good humors.
These be the Christian husbands.
These both put off, a poor petitioner, A care-crazed mother to a many sons, A beauty-waning and distressèd widow, Even in the afternoon of her best days, Made prize and purchase of his wanton eye, Seduced the pitch and height of his degree To base declension and loathed bigamy.
These clothes are good enough to drink in, and so be these boots too.
These couchings and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men And turn preordinance and first decree Into the law of children.
These deeds must not be thought After these ways.
These ducats pawn I for my father here.
These ears of mine, thou know’st did hear thee.
These English woes will make me smile in France.
These fellows have some soul,
These fifteen years you have been in a dream Or, when you waked, so waked as if you slept.
These fifteen years!
These foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit.
These gloves the Count sent me, they are an excellent perfume.
These griefs and losses have so bated me, That I shall hardly spare a pound of flesh Tomorrow to my bloody creditor.— Well, jailer, on.—Pray God Bassanio come To see me pay his debt, and then I care not.
These growing feathers plucked from Caesar’s wing Will make him fly an ordinary pitch, Who else would soar above the view of men And keep us all in servile fearfulness.
These hands do lack nobility that they strike A meaner than myself, since I myself Have given myself the cause.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows, Being black, puts us in mind they hide the fair.
These injuries the king now bears will be revenged home.
These late eclipses in the sun and moon portend no good to us.
These letters give, Iago, to the pilot, And by him do my duties to the senate.
These lily lips, This cherry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks Are gone, are gone.
These many, then, shall die.
These Moors are changeable in their wills—fill thy purse with money.
These things are beyond all use, And I do fear them.
These things sting His mind so venomously that burning shame Detains him from Cordelia.
These things to hear Would Desdemona seriously incline.
These things, come thus to light, Smother her spirits up.
These three world-sharers, these competitors, Are in thy vessel.
These tidings will well comfort Cassius.
These time ambles withal.
These times of woe afford no time to woo.
These wise men that give fools money get themselves a good report—after fourteen years' purchase.
These words are not mine.
They all do hate him As rootedly as I.
They are about the court, And, as I think, they have already order This night to play before him.
They are afoot.
They are all but stomachs, and we all but food.
They are all welcome.
They are beaten, sir, and our advantage serves For a fair victory.
They are coming to the play.
They are entirely welcome.
They are free men, but I am banishèd.
They are friends, Ratcliffe and Lovell.
They are his shards, and he
They are in the very wrath of love, and they will together.
They are incensed.
They are louder than the weather or our office.
They are loves I bear to you.
They are natural.” For I believe they are portentous things Unto the climate that they point upon.
They are not ever jealous for the cause, But jealous for they’re jealous.
They are not near my conscience.
They are of Norway, sir.
They are pitiful.
They are sick?
They are so still, Or thou, the greatest soldier of the world, Art turned the greatest liar.
They are then excused, my lord, when they see not what they do.
They are weary?
They are winged.
They are wise and honorable, And will, no doubt, with reasons answer you.
They are, my lord.
They are.
They bleed on both sides.—How is it, my lord?
They call for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They call it Agincourt.
They cannot budge till your release.
They clepe us drunkards and with swinish phrase Soil our addition.
They could be content To visit other places, and come down With fearful bravery, thinking by this face To fasten in our thoughts that they have courage.
They could not, would not do ’t.
They did entreat me to acquaint her of it, But I persuaded them, if they loved Benedick, To wish him wrestle with affection And never to let Beatrice know of it.
They did so, to th' amazement of mine eyes That looked upon ’t.
They did, Fluellen.
They do me wrong, and I will not endure it!
They do offend our sight.
They fell together all, as by consent.
They flatter me.
They follow the king’s pleasure.
They have all stomachs.
They have dispatched with Pompey; he is gone.
They have in England A coin that bears the figure of an angel Stamped in gold, but that’s insculped upon.
They have made him drink alms-drink.
They have made worms' meat of me.
They have not been commanded, mighty king.
They have said their prayers, and they stay for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages.
They have tied me to a stake.
They know By th’ height, the lowness, or the mean, if dearth Or foison follow.
They know your Grace hath cause and means and might; So hath your Highness.
They lack retention.
They mean this night in Sardis to be quartered.
They mean to warn us at Philippi here, Answering before we do demand of them.
They met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together.
They murder Caesar!”—Who’s within?
They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
They must lie there.
They must take it in sense that feel it.
They never meet but there’s a skirmish of wit between them.
They pray; grant thou, lest faith turn to despair.
They say Edgar, his banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
They say he cried out of sack.
They say he has been fencer to the Sophy.
They say he parted well and paid his score.
They say there’s but five upon this isle.
They say this town is full of cozenage, As nimble jugglers that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind, Soul-killing witches that deform the body, Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks, And many suchlike liberties of sin.
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
They say, one Taurus.
They see and smell And have their palates both for sweet and sour, As husbands have.
They shall be apprehended by and by.
They shall be married tomorrow, and I will bid the duke to the nuptial.
They shall have none, I swear, but these my joints, Which, if they have, as I will leave 'em them, Shall yield them little.
They shall, Nerissa, but in such a habit That they shall think we are accomplishèd With that we lack.
They shout for joy.
They shouted thrice.
They sit conferring by the parlor fire.
They smile at me that shortly shall be dead.
They stand and would have parley.
They stared, and were distracted.
They stay upon your patience.
They steal hearts.
They stumble that run fast.
They swore that you were almost sick for me.
They swore that you were well-nigh dead for me.
They swore you did.
They that add, moreover, he’s drunk nightly in your company.
They that have done this deed are honorable.
They that reap must sheaf and bind, Then to cart with Rosalind.
They that stand high have many blasts to shake them, And if they fall, they dash themselves to pieces.
They thus directed, we will follow In the main battle, whose puissance on either side Shall be well wingèd with our chiefest horse.
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were suborned.
They were traitors!
They were villains, murderers.
They will scarcely believe this without trial.
They will steal anything and call it purchase.
They will surely do us no harm.
They would be better if well followed.
They would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor.
They would have me as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves or their handkerchers, which makes much against my manhood, if I should take from another’s pocket to put into mine, for it is plain pocketing up of wrongs.
They would not have you to stir forth today.
They, for their truth, might better wear their heads Than some that have accused them wear their hats.
They’ll be in scarlet straight at any news.
They’ll have me whipped for speaking true, thou'lt have me whipped for lying, and sometimes I am whipped for holding my peace.
They’ll kill us.
They’ll mar my counterfeiting.
They’ll tell all.
They’ll tell the clock to any business that We say befits the hour.
They’re busy within.
Thieves!
Thine eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine.
Thine, Claudio, thine, I say.
Things at the worst will cease, or else climb upward To what they were before.—My pretty cousin, Blessing upon you.
Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity.
Things growing are not ripe until their season.
Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily, That we have had no time to move our daughter.
Things must be as they may.
Things that are past are done, with me.
Think and die.
Think it no more.
Think not I love him, though I ask for him.
Think not, thou noble Roman, That ever Brutus will go bound to Rome.
Think of it.
Think of me as you please.
Think on Lord Hastings.
Think on me, That am with Phoebus’ amorous pinches black And wrinkled deep in time.
Think on thy sins.
Think so, Iago?
Think upon these gone.
Think upon Vaughan, and with guilty fear Let fall thy lance.
Think what thou wilt, I am thy lover’s grace.
Think you but that I know our state secure, I would be so triumphant as I am?
Think you I am no stronger than my sex, Being so fathered and so husbanded?
Think you my uncle did dissemble, grandam?
Think you not that the powers we bear with us Will cut their passage through the force of France, Doing the execution and the act For which we have in head assembled them?
Think you of a worse title, and I will fit her to it.
Think you so?
Think you to walk forth?
Think yourself a baby That you have ta'en these tenders for true pay, Which are not sterling.
Think, my lord?
Think, my lord?” Alas, thou echo’st me As if there were some monster in thy thought Too hideous to be shown.
Think, when we talk of horses, that you see them Printing their proud hoofs i' th' receiving earth, For ’tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings, Carry them here and there, jumping o'er times,
Think’st thou I jest?
Think’st thou I’d make a life of jealousy, To follow still the changes of the moon With fresh suspicions?
Think’st thou that duty shall have dread to speak When power to flattery bows?
Think’st thou the fiery fever will go out With titles blown from adulation?
Think’st thou, Hortensio, though her father be very rich, any man is so very a fool to be married to hell?
This ’greed upon To part with unhacked edges and bear back Our targes undinted.
This ’tis to feel a tale, not to hear a tale.
This a dull sight.
This a good block.
This accident is not unlike my dream, Belief of it oppresses me already.
This admiration, sir, is much o' th' savor Of other your new pranks.
This approves her letter That she would soon be here.
This avarice Sticks deeper, grows with more pernicious root Than summer-seeming lust, and it hath been The sword of our slain kings.
This blows my heart.
This blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child And here was left by th' sailors.
This bond doth give thee here no jot of blood.
This broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter, and, my fortunes against any lay worth naming, this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
This business is well ended.
This by Calphurnia’s dream is signified.
This Caesar was a tyrant.
This cannot anger him.
This cannot be, By no assay of reason.
This case of that huge spirit now is cold.
This casket threatens.
This castle hath a pleasant seat.
This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen.
This concurs directly with the letter.
This contents.
This course I fittest choose, For forty ducats is too much to lose.
This courtesy, forbid thee, shall the duke Instantly know, and of that letter too.
This dagger hath mista'en—for, lo, his house Is empty on the back of Montague, And it mis-sheathèd in my daughter’s bosom.
This damned witch Sycorax, For mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible To enter human hearing, from Argier, Thou know’st, was banished.
This day I breathed first.
This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me While she with harlots feasted in my house.
This deed I’ll do before this purpose cool.
This deed of thine is no more worthy heaven Than thou wast worthy her.
This deed will be well welcome to Lorenzo.
This diamond he greets your wife withal, By the name of most kind hostess, and shut up In measureless content.
This did I fear, but thought he had no weapon, For he was great of heart.
This disease is beyond my practice.
This disturbèd sky Is not to walk in.
This does make some obstruction in the blood, this cross-gartering, but what of that?
This done, he took the bride about the neck And kissed her lips with such a clamorous smack That at the parting all the church did echo.
This doth betoken The corse they follow did with desperate hand Fordo its own life.
This doth not so, for she divideth us.
This dream is all amiss interpreted.
This falls out better than I could devise.
This feather stirs.
This fellow doth not stand upon points.
This fellow I remember Since once he played a farmer’s eldest son.
This fellow is wise enough to play the fool, And to do that well craves a kind of wit.
This fellow’s of exceeding honesty And knows all quantities, with a learnèd spirit, Of human dealings.
This for him.
This fortification, gentlemen, shall we see ’t?
This foul Egyptian hath betrayèd me.
This found I on my tent this morning.
This gentleman will out-talk us all.
This green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn-brake our tiring-house, and we will do it in action as we will do it before the duke.
This grief is crowned with consolation.
This guest of summer, The temple-haunting martlet, does approve, By his loved mansionry, that the heaven’s breath Smells wooingly here.
This hand of yours requires A sequester from liberty, fasting, and prayer,
This health to Lepidus!
This heavy-headed revel east and west Makes us traduced and taxed of other nations.
This house is little.
This I made good to you In our last conference, passed in probation with you, How you were borne in hand, how crossed, the instruments, Who wrought with them, and all things else that might To half a soul and to a notion crazed Say, “Thus did Banquo.”      You made it known to us.
This I wonder at, That he, unknown to me, should be in debt.
This I’ll report, dear lady.
This if she perform, She shall not sue unheard.
This in the public eye?
This interchange of love, I here protest, Upon my part shall be inviolable.
This is a dear manikin to you, Sir Toby.
This is a devil, and no monster.
This is a fellow of the selfsame color Our sister speaks of.—Come, bring away the stocks!
This is a man—old, wrinkled, faded, withered— And not a maiden, as thou say’st he is.
This is a man’s invention, and his hand.
This is a most majestic vision, and Harmonious charmingly.
This is a practise As full of labor as a wise man’s art, For folly that he wisely shows is fit.
This is a slave whose easy borrowed pride Dwells in the fickle grace of her he follows.— Out, varlet, from my sight!
This is a sleepy tune.
This is a slight, unmeritable man, Meet to be sent on errands.
This is a stem Of that victorious stock, and let us fear The native mightiness and fate of him.
This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is above all strangeness.
This is all.
This is an aspic’s trail, and these fig leaves Have slime upon them, such as th’ aspic leaves Upon the caves of Nile.
This is as strange a maze as e'er men trod, And there is in this business more than nature Was ever conduct of.
This is as uncivil as strange.
This is called “the countercheck quarrelsome,” and so to “the lie circumstantial” and “the lie direct.”  And how oft did you say his beard was not well cut?
This is her very guise; and, upon my life, fast asleep.
This is his second fit.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
This is kind I offer.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is mere madness.
This is more strange Than such a murder is.
This is most certain that I shall deliver: Mark Antony is every hour in Rome Expected.
This is my treasurer.
This is no answer, thou unfeeling man, To excuse the current of thy cruelty.
This is no place, this house is but a butchery.
This is not altogether fool, my lord.
This is not the way To win your daughter.
This is not yet an Alexandrian feast.
This is nothing, Fool.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
This is old.
This is open.
This is practice, Gloucester.
This is she—    Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
This is Signor Antonio.
This is some fellow, Who, having been praised for bluntness, doth affect A saucy roughness and constrains the garb Quite from his nature.
This is some minx’s token, and I must take out the work?
This is some monster of the isle with four legs who hath got, as I take it, an ague.
This is some priory.
This is the air-drawn dagger which you said Led you to Duncan.
This is the air, that is the glorious sun.
This is the brief of money, plate, and jewels I am possessed of.
This is the day wherein I wished to fall By the false faith of him who most I trusted.
This is the day which, in King Edward’s time, I wished might fall on me when I was found False to his children and his wife’s allies.
This is the door.
This is the excellent foppery of the world that when we are sick in fortune—often the surfeit of our own behavior—we make guilty of our disasters the sun, the moon, and the stars, as if we were villains by necessity, fools by heavenly compulsion, knaves, thieves, and treachers by spherical predominance, drunkards, liars, and adulterers by an enforced obedience of planetary influence, and all that we are evil in by a divine thrusting-on.
This is the fairy land.
This is the fool that lent out money gratis.
This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet.
This is the fruits of rashness.
This is the fruits of whoring.
This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings, Which in a set hand fairly is engrossed, That it may be today read o'er in Paul’s.
This is the latest parle we will admit.
This is the man, this is Antonio, To whom I am so infinitely bound.
This is the man.
This is the motley-minded gentleman that I have so often met in the forest.
This is the night That either makes me or fordoes me quite.
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo Desired us to make stand.
This is the place.
This is the sergeant Who like a good and hardy soldier fought 'Gainst my captivity.
This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard.
This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
This is the very ecstasy of love, Whose violent property fordoes itself And leads the will to desperate undertakings As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures.
This is the very false gallop of verses.
This is the very painting of your fear.
This is thy office.
This is too long.
This is Trebonius.
This is well.
This island’s mine, by Sycorax my mother, Which thou takest from me.
This it is: 'Tis better that the enemy seek us.
This jack of Caesar’s shall Bear us an errand to him.
This jest shall cost me some expense.
This kindness will I show.
This lanthorn doth the hornèd moon present.
This letter from Bellario doth commend A young and learnèd doctor to our court.
This lion is a very fox, for his valor.
This Lodovico is a proper man.
This looks not like a nuptial.
This making Christians will raise the price of hogs.
This man hath had good counsel—a hundred knights!
This man said, sir, that Don John, the Prince’s brother, was a villain.
This may prove food to my displeasure.
This moral ties me over to time and a hot summer.
This morning are they fled away and gone, And in their steads do ravens, crows, and kites Fly o'er our heads and downward look on us As we were sickly prey.
This morning, like the spirit of a youth That means to be of note, begins betimes.
This mortal house I’ll ruin, Do Caesar what he can.
This murderous shaft that’s shot Hath not yet lighted, and our safest way Is to avoid the aim.
This must crave— An if this be at all—a most strange story.
This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious, but The mistress which I serve quickens what’s dead And makes my labors pleasures.
This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret, Who I believe was packed in all this wrong, Hired to it by your brother.
This night I hold an old accustomed feast, Whereto I have invited many a guest Such as I love.
This night I’ll spend Unto a dismal and a fatal end.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
This night—wherein the cub-drawn bear would couch, The lion and the belly-pinchèd wolf Keep their fur dry—unbonneted he runs, And bids what will take all.
This not to do, So grace and mercy at your most need help you, Swear.
This note doth tell me of ten thousand French That in the field lie slain.
This only is the witchcraft I have used.
This pernicious slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse,
This prince hath neither claimed it nor deserved it And therefore, in mine opinion, cannot have it.
This prophecy Merlin shall make, for I live before his time.
This purse of ducats I received from you, And Dromio my man did bring them me.
This quarry cries on havoc.
This ring, good sir—alas, it is a trifle.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite.
This same is she, and I do give you her.
This same should be the voice of Friar John.
This savors not much of distraction.
This seen, Orlando did approach the man And found it was his brother, his elder brother.
This servitude makes you to keep unwed.
This shall determine that.
This shall end without the perdition of souls.
This shall make Our purpose necessary and not envious, Which so appearing to the common eyes, We shall be called purgers, not murderers.
This sight of death is as a bell, That warns my old age to a sepulcher.
This sight would make him do a desperate turn, Yea, curse his better angel from his side And fall to reprobation.
This speech of yours hath moved me, And shall perchance do good.
This speed of Caesar’s Carries beyond belief.
This sword but shown to Caesar, with this tidings, Shall enter me with him.
This tempest will not give me leave to ponder On things would hurt me more.
This the Dauphin speaks.
This thou shalt answer.
This to be true I do engage my life.
This torture should be roared in dismal hell.
This trick may chance to scathe you, I know what.
This tune goes manly.
This tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues, Was once thought honest.
This villain of mine comes under the prediction—there’s son against father.
This was a great argument of love in her toward you.
This was a merry message.
This was a venture, sir, that Jacob served for— A thing not in his power to bring to pass But swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.
This was but as a fly by an eagle.
This was his basket.
This was looked for at your hand, and this was balked.
This was not counterfeit.
This was sometime a paradox, but now the time gives it proof.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This was the noblest Roman of them all.
This was well done, my bird.
This way will I. Disrobe the images If you do find them decked with ceremonies.
This way, my lord.
This way, my lord.
This weaves itself perforce into my business.
This wedding day Perhaps is but prolonged.
This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much different from the man he was.
This were kindness.
This will I also wear in my cap.
This will prove a brave kingdom to me, where I shall have my music for nothing.
This will put them out of fear.
This will so fright them both that they will kill one another by the look, like cockatrices.
This wind you talk of, blows us from ourselves.
This would drink deep.
This would have seemed a period To such as love not sorrow, but another To amplify too much would make much more And top extremity.
This wretch hath part confessed his villainy.
This you should pity rather than despise.
This, and Saint George to boot—What think’st thou, Norfolk?
This, by his voice, should be a Montague.—   What, dares the slave Come hither, covered with an antic face, To fleer and scorn at our solemnity?
This, Casca.
This, Cinna.
This, Decius Brutus.
This, this All Souls' Day to my fearful soul Is the determined respite of my wrongs.
This, this.
Thisbe?
Thither he Will come to know his destiny.
Thither I must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfill.
Thither must I, and here I leave you, sir.
Thither will I invite the duke and all’s contented followers.
Thomas the earl of Surrey and himself, Much about cockshut time, from troop to troop Went through the army cheering up the soldiers.
Those are the raisèd father and his friends.
Those being all my study, The government I cast upon my brother And to my state grew stranger, being transported And rapt in secret studies.
Those his goodly eyes, That o’er the files and musters of the war Have glowed like plated Mars, now bend, now turn The office and devotion of their view Upon a tawny front.
Those linen cheeks of thine Are counselors to fear.
Those of his chamber, as it seemed, had done ’t.
Those that “Hobgoblin” call you, and “sweet Puck,” You do their work, and they shall have good luck.
Those that are good manners at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the behavior of the country is most mockable at the court.
Those that are in extremity of either are abominable fellows and betray themselves to every modern censure worse than drunkards.
Those that are married already, all but one, shall live.
Those that do die of it do seldom or never recover.
Those that do teach young babes Do it with gentle means and easy tasks.
Those that have known the earth so full of faults.
Those that Macbeth hath slain.
Those that were your father’s enemies Have steeped their galls in honey, and do serve you With hearts create of duty and of zeal.
Those that will follow Cassius, go with him, And public reasons shall be renderèd Of Caesar’s death.
Those that will hear me speak, let 'em stay here.
Those that with haste will make a mighty fire Begin it with weak straws.
Those uncles which you want were dangerous.
Thou 'lt be afraid to hear it.
Thou 'rt kind.
Thou 'rt mad to say it.
Thou ’dst never fear the net nor lime, The pitfall nor the gin.
Thou almost makest me waver in my faith To hold opinion with Pythagoras That souls of animals infuse themselves Into the trunks of men.
Thou an Egyptian puppet shalt be shown In Rome, as well as I.
Thou and thy meaner fellows your last service Did worthily perform, and I must use you In such another trick.
Thou art a boil, A plague-sore or embossèd carbuncle In my corrupted blood.
Thou art a cobbler, art thou?
Thou art a fellow of a good respect.
Thou art a fool.
Thou art a lady.
Thou art a soldier only.
Thou art a soul in bliss, but I am bound Upon a wheel of fire, that mine own tears Do scald like molten lead.
Thou art a strange fellow.
Thou art a traitor— Off with his head.
Thou art a villain to impeach me thus.
Thou art a villain!
Thou art armed, Gloucester.
Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful.
Thou art come to answer A stony adversary, an inhuman wretch Uncapable of pity, void and empty From any dram of mercy.
Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself.
Thou art in a parlous state, shepherd.
Thou art like one of those fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says “God send me no need of thee!” and, by the operation of the second cup, draws it on the drawer when indeed there is no need.
Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found.
Thou art not conquered.
Thou art on thy deathbed.
Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an ass.
Thou art sure of me.
Thou art The armorer of my heart.
Thou art the best o' th' cutthroats: Yet he’s good that did the like for Fleance.
Thou art the ruins of the noblest man That ever livèd in the tide of times.
Thou art the thing itself.
Thou art thy father’s daughter.
Thou art to die.
Thou art too like the spirit of Banquo.
Thou art too wild, too rude and bold of voice— Parts that become thee happily enough And in such eyes as ours appear not faults.
Thou art translated.
Thou baggage, let me in.
Thou bleed’st apace.
Thou bloodier villain Than terms can give thee out!
Thou bring’st me out of tune.
Thou but rememberest me of mine own conception.
Thou call’st on him that hates thee.
Thou canst compel no more than she entreat.
Thou canst not choose but know who I am.
Thou canst not fear us, Pompey, with thy sails.
Thou canst not frown, thou canst not look askance, Nor bite the lip as angry wenches will, Nor hast thou pleasure to be cross in talk.
Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel.
Thou canst not.
Thou canst tell why one’s nose stands i' th' middle on ’s face?
Thou changèd and self-covered thing, for shame!
Thou chid’st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Thou dar’st as well be hanged.
Thou didst drink The stale of horses and the gilded puddle Which beasts would cough at.
Thou didst it excellent.
Thou didst prevent me.
Thou didst promise To bate me a full year.
Thou didst smile Infusèd with a fortitude from heaven, When I have decked the sea with drops full salt, Under my burthen groaned; which raised in me An undergoing stomach to bear up Against what should ensue.
Thou didst usurp my place, and dost thou not Usurp the just proportion of my sorrow?
Thou dost belie her, and thou art a devil.
Thou dost conspire against thy friend, Iago, If thou but think’st him wronged and mak’st his ear A stranger to thy thoughts.
Thou dost infect mine eyes.
Thou dost mean something.
Thou dost not mark me.
Thou dost not wish more help from England, coz?
Thou dost see I eat.
Thou dost snore distinctly.
Thou dost speak masterly.
Thou dost talk nothing to me.
Thou dost thy office fairly.
Thou dost, and think’st it much to tread the ooze Of the salt deep, To run upon the sharp wind of the north, To do me business in the veins o' th' earth When it is baked with frost.
Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope And told thee to what purpose and what end.
Thou flea, thou nit, thou winter cricket thou!
Thou fond mad man, hear me a little speak.
Thou hadst need send for more money.
Thou hadst, and more, Miranda.
Thou hast a lady far more beautiful Than any woman in this waning age.
Thou hast a sister by the mother’s side, Admired Octavia.
Thou hast amazed me.
Thou hast braved many men; brave not me.
Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung With feigning voice verses of feigning love, And stol'n the impression of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gauds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats—messengers Of strong prevailment in unhardened youth.
Thou hast described A hot friend cooling.
Thou hast done a deed— I care not for thy sword, I’ll make thee known
Thou hast forspoke my being in these wars And sayst it is not fit.
Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense, so forcible is thy wit.
Thou hast harped my fear aright.
Thou hast hit it.
Thou hast killed my child.
Thou hast me, if thou hast me, at the worst, and thou shalt wear me, if thou wear me, better and better.
Thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care.
Thou hast my love.
Thou hast not, cousin.
Thou hast obtained thy suit.
Thou hast quarreled with a man for coughing in the street because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun.
Thou hast railed on thyself.
Thou hast seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
Thou hast seen these signs.
Thou hast served me with much faith.
Thou hast some suit to Caesar, hast thou not?
Thou hast taken against me a most just exception, but yet I protest I have dealt most directly in thy affair.
Thou hast wronged Caius Ligarius.
Thou hast, Ventidius, that Without the which a soldier and his sword Grants scarce distinction.
Thou hast.
Thou hotly lust’st to use her in that kind  For which thou whipp’st her.
Thou know’st ’tis common.
Thou know’st my daughter’s of a pretty age.
Thou know’st my lodging.
Thou know’st not gold’s effect.
Thou know’st not me.
Thou know’st that Banquo, and his Fleance, lives.
Thou know’st the first time that we smell the air We wawl and cry.
Thou know’st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak tonight.
Thou know’st we work by wit and not by witchcraft, And wit depends on dilatory time.
Thou know’st where I will tarry.
Thou knowest that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man.
Thou liest, abhorrèd tyrant.
Thou liest, malignant thing!
Thou liest, thou shag-haired villain!
Thou liest, thou thread, thou thimble, Thou yard, three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, nail!
Thou liest.
Thou livest.
Thou look’st cheerly, and I’ll be with thee quickly.
Thou look’st like him that knows a warlike charge.
Thou makest me merry.
Thou may ’st revenge —O slave!
Thou mightst have done this without thy beard and gown.
Thou most lying slave, Whom stripes may move, not kindness!
Thou must be patient.
Thou must know, ’Tis not my profit that does lead mine honor; Mine honor, it.
Thou must not take my former sharpness ill.
Thou naughty knave, what trade?
Thou need’st not to be gone.
Thou never shalt hear herald anymore.
Thou old unhappy traitor, Briefly thyself remember.
Thou praisest the worst best.
Thou protector of this damnèd strumpet, Talk’st thou to me of “ifs”?
Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand.
Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled?
Thou saidst—Oh, it comes o'er my memory, As doth the raven o'er the infectious house, Boding to all—he had my handkerchief.
Thou say’st the king grows mad.
Thou sayest his sports were hinderd by thy brawls.
Thou sayst his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings.
Thou seest that all the grace that she hath left Is that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury.
Thou seest the world, Volumnius, how it goes.
Thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight.
Thou seest we are not all alone unhappy.
Thou shall present me as an eunuch to him.
Thou shalt be loggerhead.—Good faith, ’tis day.
Thou shalt be lord of it and I’ll serve thee.
Thou shalt be pinched As thick as honeycomb, each pinch more stinging Than bees that made 'em.
Thou shalt be whipped with wire and stewed in brine, Smarting in ling’ring pickle!
Thou shalt buy this dear If ever I thy face by daylight see.
Thou shalt find That I’ll resume the shape which thou dost think I have cast off for ever.
Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
Thou shalt Go back, I warrant thee!
Thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture To be so taken at thy peril, Jew.
Thou shalt hold the opinion of Pythagoras ere I will allow of thy wits, and fear to kill a woodcock lest thou dispossess the soul of thy grandam.
Thou shalt not back till I have borne this corse Into the marketplace.
Thou shalt not be the worse for me: there’s gold.
Thou shalt not choose but go.
Thou shalt not die.
Thou shalt not from this grove Till I torment thee for this injury.— My gentle Puck, come hither.
Thou shalt not have him.
Thou shalt not live, That I may tell pale-hearted fear it lies, And sleep in spite of thunder.
Thou shalt not lose by it.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Thou shalt serve me.
Thou shalt, I warrant thee.
Thou shouldst be honest.
Thou shouldst know There were a heart in Egypt.
Thou shouldst not have been old till thou hadst been wise.
Thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villainy should be so rich.
Thou sing’st sweet music.
Thou speak’st aright.
Thou speak’st wiser than thou art ware of.
Thou speak’st with all thy wit; and yet, i' faith, With wit enough for thee.
Thou stickest a dagger in me.
Thou still hast been the father of good news.
Thou strik’st not me, ’tis Caesar thou defeat’st.
Thou teachest me.
Thou think’st ’tis much that this contentious storm Invades us to the skin.
Thou thinkest I am in sport.
Thou told’st me they were stol'n unto this wood.
Thou told’st me Thou didst hold him in thy hate.
Thou torturest me, Tubal.
Thou troublest me; I am not in the vein.
Thou villain Capulet!
Thou villain, what sayest thou?
Thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose.
Thou wast provokèd by thy bloody mind, That never dream’st on aught but butcheries.
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.
Thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age.
Thou wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts, having no other reason but because thou hast hazel eyes.
Thou wilt write to Antony?
Thou worms' meat in respect of a good piece of flesh, indeed.
Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large.
Thou wouldst make a good fool.
Thou, it seems, that calls for company to countenance her.
Thou, my slave, As thou report’st thyself, wast then her servant.
Thou, why, thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast.
Thou, wretched boy, that didst consort him here Shalt with him hence.
Thou'ld’st have, great Glamis, That which cries, “Thus thou must do,” if thou have it, And that which rather thou dost fear to do, Than wishest should be undone.
Thou'rt a scholar.
Thou'rt i' the right.
Thou’dst shun a bear, But if thy flight lay toward the raging sea Thou’dst meet the bear i' th' mouth.
Thou’dst thank me but a little for my counsel; And yet I’ll promise thee she shall be rich, And very rich.
Thou’st spoken right.
Though all the world could see, None could be so abused in sight as he.
Though all things foul would wear the brows of grace, Yet grace must still look so.
Though Birnam Wood be come to Dunsinane, And thou opposed, being of no woman born, Yet I will try the last.
Though Cassio did some little wrong to him, As men in rage strike those that wish them best, Yet surely Cassio, I believe, received From him that fled some strange indignity Which patience could not pass.
Though far more cause, yet much less spirit to curse Abides in me.
Though for myself alone I would not be ambitious in my wish To wish myself much better, yet for you I would be trebled twenty times myself— A thousand times more fair, ten thousand times more rich— That only to stand high in your account I might in virtue, beauties, livings, friends Exceed account.
Though he be as good a gentleman as the devil is, as Lucifer and Beelzebub himself, it is necessary, look your Grace, that he keep his vow and his oath.
Though his bark cannot be lost, Yet it shall be tempest-tossed.
Though I am mad, I will not bite him.
Though I die for it—as no less is threatened me—the king my old master must be relieved.
Though I look old, yet I am strong and lusty, For in my youth I never did apply Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood Nor did not with unbashful forehead woo The means of weakness and debility.
Though I struck him first, yet it’s no matter for that.
Though I wish thy death, I will not be the executioner.
Though it appear a little out of fashion, There is much care and valor in this Welshman.
Though it be honest, it is never good To bring bad news.
Though it be pity to see such a sight, it well becomes the ground.
Though it pass your patience and mine to endure her loud alarums, why, man, there be good fellows in the world, an a man could light on them, would take her with all faults, and money enough.
Though Nature hath given us wit to flout at Fortune, hath not Fortune sent in this fool to cut off the argument?
Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily.
Though now this grainèd face of mine be hid In sap-consuming winter’s drizzled snow, And all the conduits of my blood froze up, Yet hath my night of life some memory, My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear.
Though others have the arm, show us the sleeve; We in your motion turn, and you may move us.
Though our lives— Your spirits shine through you.
Though that the queen on special cause is here, Her army is moved on.
Though the nature of our quarrel yet never brooked parle, know now upon advice, it toucheth us both, that we may yet again have access to our fair mistress and be happy rivals in Bianca’s love, to labor and effect one thing specially.
Though the wisdom of nature can reason it thus and thus, yet nature finds itself scourged by the sequent effects.
Though their injunction be to bar my doors And let this tyrannous night take hold upon you, Yet have I ventured to come seek you out And bring you where both fire and food is ready.
Though this island seem to be desert—
Though to have her and death were both one thing.
Though we have spent our harvest of this king, We are to reap the harvest of his son.
Though you have put me into darkness and given your drunken cousin rule over me, yet have I the benefit of my senses as well as your Ladyship.
Three and three, We’ll hold a feast in great solemnity.
Three in Egypt Cannot make better note.
Three kings I had newly feasted, and did want Of what I was i’ th’ morning.
Three months from twelve, then.
Three of the carriages, in faith, are very dear to fancy, very responsive to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and of very liberal conceit.
Three or four wenches where I stood cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three proper young men of excellent growth and presence.
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio bound.
Three thousand ducats, well.
Three times today my foot-cloth horse did stumble, And started when he looked upon the Tower, As loath to bear me to the slaughterhouse.
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
Threescore and ten I can remember well, Within the volume of which time I have seen Hours dreadful and things strange, but this sore night Hath trifled former knowings.
Thrice hath Calphurnia in her sleep cried out, “Help, ho!
Thrice he walked By their oppressed and fear-surprisèd eyes Within his truncheon’s length, whilst they, distilled Almost to jelly with the act of fear, Stand dumb and speak not to him.
Thrice noble lord, let me entreat of you To pardon me yet for a night or two, Or if not so, until the sun be set.
Thrice the brinded cat hath mewed.
Thrice within this hour I saw him down, thrice up again and fighting.
Thriftless ambition, that will raven up Thine own lives' means!
Through the house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire.
Through the sharp hawthorn blows the cold wind.
Throw my heart Against the flint and hardness of my fault, Which, being dried with grief, will break to powder And finish all foul thoughts.
Throw physic to the dogs; I’ll none of it.
Throw some of them at me.
Throw this slave Upon the dunghill.—Regan, I bleed apace.
Thursday is near.
Thus answer I in the name of Benedick, But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio.
Thus bad begins and worse remains behind.
Thus die I, thus, thus, thus.
Thus do all traitors.
Thus do I ever make my fool my purse.
Thus do they, sir: they take the flow o’ th’ Nile By certain scales i’ th’ Pyramid.
Thus doth he force the swords of wicked men To turn their own points in their masters' bosoms.
Thus far can I praise him: he is of a noble strain, of approved valor, and confirmed honesty.
Thus far with rough and all-unable pen Our bending author hath pursued the story, In little room confining mighty men, Mangling by starts the full course of their glory.
Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged.
Thus goes everyone to the world but I, and I am sunburnt.
Thus hath he lost sixpence a day during his life.
Thus hath the candle singed the moth.
Thus hath the course of justice whirled about And left thee but a very prey to time, Having no more but thought of what thou wast To torture thee the more, being what thou art.
Thus have I politicly begun my reign, And ’tis my hope to end successfully.
Thus have I, Wall, my part dischargèd so.
Thus have you heard me severed from my bliss; That by misfortunes was my life prolonged To tell sad stories of my own mishaps.
Thus high, by thy advice And thy assistance is King Richard seated.
Thus I conceive by him.
Thus I do escape the sorrow Of Antony’s death.
Thus I let you go And give you to the gods.
Thus I mend it: Time himself is bald and therefore, to the world’s end, will have bald followers.
Thus I’ll visit her.
Thus it must be.
Thus it remains, and the remainder thus.
Thus losers part.
Thus may we gather honey from the weed And make a moral of the devil himself.
Thus must I from the smoke into the smother, From tyrant duke unto a tyrant brother.
Thus ornament is but the guilèd shore To a most dangerous sea, the beauteous scarf Veiling an Indian beauty—in a word, The seeming truth which cunning times put on To entrap the wisest.
Thus Rosalind of many parts By heavenly synod was devised, Of many faces, eyes, and hearts To have the touches dearest prized.
Thus says my king: “Say thou to Harry of England, though we seemed dead, we did but sleep.
Thus says my king: an if your father’s Highness Do not, in grant of all demands at large, Sweeten the bitter mock you sent his Majesty, He’ll call you to so hot an answer of it That caves and womby vaultages of France Shall chide your trespass and return your mock In second accent of his ordinance.
Thus the bowl should run, And not unluckily against the bias.
Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
Thus was I, sleeping, by a brother’s hand Of life, of crown, of queen at once dispatched, Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin,
Thus we are agreed.
Thus we may see,” quoth he, “how the world wags.
Thus when I shun Scylla your father, I fall into Charybdis your mother.
Thus with a kiss I die.
Thus with imagined wing our swift scene flies In motion of no less celerity Than that of thought.
Thy adversary’s wife doth pray for thee.
Thy asses are gone about 'em.
Thy bed, lust-stained, shall with lust’s blood be spotted.
Thy Brutus bid me give it thee, and I Will do his bidding.
Thy business?
Thy case, dear friend, Shall be my precedent.
Thy Clarence he is dead that stabbed my Edward, And the beholders of this frantic play, Th' adulterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, Untimely smothered in their dusky graves.
Thy conceit is nearer death than thy powers.
Thy currish spirit Governed a wolf who, hanged for human slaughter, Even from the gallows did his fell soul fleet, And whilst thou layest in thy unhallowed dam Infused itself in thee, for thy desires Are wolvish, bloody, starved, and ravenous.
Thy dæmon—that thy spirit which keeps thee—is Noble, courageous, high, unmatchable Where Caesar’s is not.
Thy death and fortunes bid thy followers fly.
Thy drugs are quick.
Thy dukedom I resign and do entreat Thou pardon me my wrongs.
Thy Edward he is dead, that killed my Edward, Thy other Edward dead, to quit my Edward; Young York, he is but boot, because both they Matched not the high perfection of my loss.
Thy evil spirit, Brutus.
Thy eyes are almost set in thy head.
Thy face is mine, and thou hast slandered it.
Thy false uncle— Dost thou attend me?
Thy Fates open their hands.
Thy father hath his life.
Thy father!
Thy garments are not spotted with our blood, Nor thou within the compass of my curse.
Thy gown?
Thy grace shall have it.
Thy half o' th' kingdom hast thou not forgot, Wherein I thee endowed.
Thy head is as full of quarrels as an egg is full of meat, and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarreling.
Thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead, And Paris too.
Thy husband knew it all.
Thy husband.
Thy Juliet is alive, For whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead— There art thou happy.
Thy lands and all things that thou dost call thine Worth seizure, do we seize into our hands Till thou canst quit thee by thy brother’s mouth Of what we think against thee.
Thy life hath had some smatch of honor in it.
Thy life’s a miracle.
Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end!
Thy love?
Thy lover,      Artemidorus” Here will I stand till Caesar pass along, And as a suitor will I give him this.
Thy loving father, Hamlet.
Thy luster thickens When he shines by.
Thy master and his man are here, And that is false thou dost report to us.
Thy master is a wise and valiant Roman.
Thy mistress' marks?
Thy mother was a piece of virtue and She said thou wast my daughter.
Thy mother’s name is ominous to children.
Thy mother’s poisoned.
Thy name is Gloucester.
Thy reason, dear venom, give thy reason.
Thy reason, man?
Thy shape invisible retain thou still.
Thy sister’s sister.
Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lies buried with her ancestors, Oh, in a tomb where never scandal slept Save this of hers, framed by thy villainy.
Thy smiles become thee well.
Thy spirit walks abroad and turns our swords In our own proper entrails.
Thy spirits are most tall.
Thy substance, valued at the highest rate, Cannot amount unto a hundred marks; Therefore by law thou art condemned to die.
Thy thoughts I cleave to.
Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.— Helen, I love thee.
Thy truth then be thy dower.
Thy voice is thunder, but thy looks are humble.
Thy wild acts denote The unreasonable fury of a beast.
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting.
Thy woes will make them sharp and pierce like mine.
Thyself a queen, for me that was a queen, Outlive thy glory, like my wretched self.
Thyself art coming To see performed the dreaded act which thou So sought’st to hinder.
Thyself do grace to them, and bring them in.
Thyself shalt see the act.
Tide life, tide death, I come without delay.
Tie up my love’s tongue.
Tie up the libertine in a field of feasts, Keep his brain fuming.
Tigers, not daughters, what have you performed?
Till Birnam Wood remove to Dunsinane I cannot taint with fear.
Till he come home again, I would forbear.
Till I shall see you in your soldiers’ dress, Which will become you both, farewell.
Till night, my lord, and all night too.
Till noon?
Till that, I’ll view the manners of the town, Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings, And then return and sleep within mine inn, For with long travel I am stiff and weary.
Till then sit still, my soul.
Till then, enough.
Till then, lead thou first.
Till then, my noble friend, chew upon this: Brutus had rather be a villager Than to repute himself a son of Rome Under these hard conditions as this time Is like to lay upon us.
Till then, think of the world.
Till thou canst rail the seal from off my bond, Thou but offend’st thy lungs to speak so loud.
Till which encounter It is my business too.
Time calls upon ’s.
Time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine Nor age so eat up my invention Nor fortune made such havoc of my means Nor my bad life reft me so much of friends But they shall find, awaked in such a kind, Both strength of limb and policy of mind, Ability in means and choice of friends, To quit me of them throughly.
Time is come round, And where I did begin, there shall I end.
Time shall unfold what plighted cunning hides, Who covers faults at last with shame derides.
Time travels in diverse paces with diverse persons.
Time, thou anticipat’st my dread exploits.
Tis a blushing, shamefaced spirit that mutinies in a man’s bosom.
Tis a brave army, and full of purpose.
Tis a day Such as the day is when the sun is hid.
Tis a fair young man, and well attended.
Tis a fault I will not change for your best virtue.
Tis a fearful odds.
Tis a good dullness, And give it way.
Tis a good hand, A frank one.
Tis a good hearing when children are toward.
Tis a good silling, I warrant you, or I will change it.
Tis a hooded valor, and when it appears, it will bate.
tis a lost fear.
Tis a match.
Tis a naughty night to swim in.
Tis a pageant, To keep us in false gaze.
Tis a point of wisdom.
Tis a shrewd doubt, though it be but a dream.
Tis a strange serpent.
Tis a subject for a sovereign to reason on, and for a sovereign’s sovereign to ride on, and for the world, familiar to us and unknown, to lay apart their particular functions and wonder at him.
Tis a very excellent piece of work, madam lady.
Tis a vile thing to die, my gracious lord, When men are unprepared and look not for it.
Tis a wild night.
Tis a wonder, by your leave, she will be tamed so.
Tis a world to see, How tame, when men and women are alone, A meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew.— Give me thy hand, Kate.
Tis a worthy governor.
Tis age that nourisheth.
Tis all one.
Tis almost fairy time.
Tis almost morning.
Tis as arrant a piece of knavery, mark you now, as can be offert, in your conscience now, is it not?
Tis Banquo’s then.
Tis bargained ’twixt us twain, being alone, That she shall still be curst in company.
Tis best to give him way.
Tis better as it is.
Tis better, sir, to be brief than tedious.—Let him see our commission, and talk no more.
Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
Tis bootless to exclaim.
Tis brief, my lord.
Tis but a little way that I can bring you, For I attend here.
Tis but a man gone.
Tis but a peevish boy—yet he talks well— But what care I for words?
Tis but an hour ago since it was nine, And after one hour more ’twill be eleven.
Tis but one cast away, and so, come, death.
Tis but thy name that is my enemy.
Tis called the evil.
Tis certain he hath passed the river Somme.
Tis certain so, the Prince woos for himself.
Tis certain then for Cyprus.
Tis certain there’s not a boy left alive, and the cowardly rascals that ran from the battle ha' done this slaughter.
Tis certain, every man that dies ill, the ill upon his own head.
Tis certain.
Tis Cinna.
Tis clean out of the way.
Tis cowardly and womanish.
Tis dangerous to be spoken.
Tis dangerous when the baser nature comes Between the pass and fell incensèd points Of mighty opposites.
Tis death for anyone in Mantua To come to Padua.
Tis death to me to be at enmity; I hate it, and desire all good men’s love.
Tis destiny unshunnable, like death.
Tis done already, and the messenger gone.
Tis done by me, and ends in “Margaret.”   Thus have you breathed your curse against yourself.
Tis done.
Tis double wrong to truant with your bed And let her read it in thy looks at board.
Tis even so, For let our finger ache and it endues Our other healthful members even to that sense Of pain.
Tis even so.
Tis evermore the prologue to his sleep.
Tis exactly valued, Not petty things admitted.
Tis expressly against the law of arms.
Tis false.
Tis far off, And rather like a dream than an assurance That my remembrance warrants.
Tis figured in my tongue.
Tis fit we understand them.
Tis fittest.
Tis for the dead, not for the quick.
Tis from your sister.
Tis gone.
Tis good we do so.
Tis good.
Tis hard; almost impossible.
Tis hatched, and shall be so.
Tis he that sends us to destroy you here.
Tis he, that villain Romeo.
Tis he.
Tis he.
Tis heavy night, These may be counterfeits.
Tis her command.
Tis here.
Tis here.
Tis his fashion.
Tis his own blame.
Tis hot, it smokes.
Tis in my memory locked, And you yourself shall keep the key of it.
Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus.
Tis just.
Tis known before.
Tis late.
Tis like a demi-cannon.
Tis like the howling of Irish wolves against the moon.
Tis marvel, but that you are but newly come, You might have heard it else proclaimed about.
Tis meet I should be used so, very meet.
Tis midnight.
Tis mightiest in the mightiest.
Tis mine and I will have it.
Tis monstrous.
Tis more, ’tis more.
Tis most convenient.
Tis most true, And he beseeched me to entreat your Majesties To hear and see the matter.
Tis much he dares, And to that dauntless temper of his mind He hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor To act in safety.
Tis much.—Servants, leave me and her alone.
Tis my picture.
Tis neither here nor there.
Tis new to thee.
Tis nine o'clock.
Tis no less, I tell you, for the bawdy hand of the dial is now upon the prick of noon.
Tis no matter how it be in tune, so it make noise enough.
Tis no matter.
Tis no matter.— Go to the fellow, good Alexas.
Tis no such matter.
Tis no time to play now.
Tis noble Kent, your friend.
Tis noble spoken.
Tis not a time for private stomaching.
Tis not fit thus to obey him.
Tis not for gravity to play at cherry-pit with Satan.
Tis not in the bond.
Tis not needed yet.
tis not so now.
Tis not so sweet now as it was before.
Tis not the first time you were overshot.
Tis not the king that sends you to the Tower.
Tis not to make me jealous To say my wife is fair, feeds well, loves company, Is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances.
Tis not to me she speaks.
Tis not yet near day.
Tis now but four o'clock.
Tis now near night.
Tis now struck twelve.
Tis now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world.
Tis one Iago, ancient to the general.
Tis paltry to be Caesar.
Tis partly my own fault, Which death or absence soon shall remedy.
Tis passing good.
Tis past, and so am I.
Tis pitiful, but yet Iago knows That she with Cassio hath the act of shame A thousand times committed.
Tis pity of him.
Tis pity that thou liv’st To walk where any honest men resort.
Tis proper I obey him, but not now.
Tis safer to be that which we destroy Than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy.
Tis said they eat each other.
Tis said, man, and farewell.
Tis she must do ’t, And, lo, the happiness!
Tis since the earthquake now eleven years, And she was weaned—I never shall forget it— Of all the days of the year, upon that day.
Tis so strange That, though the truth of it stands off as gross As black and white, my eye will scarcely see it.
Tis so—but Edward lives.
Tis so; and that self chain about his neck Which he forswore most monstrously to have.
Tis so.
Tis so.
Tis some mischance, the cry is very direful.
Tis something, nothing: 'Twas mine, ’tis his, and has been slave to thousands.
Tis spoken well.
Tis sport to maul a runner.
Tis strange that they should so depart from home, And not send back my messenger.
Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of.
Tis strange, strange.
Tis strange.
Tis strange.
Tis such another fitchew.
Tis sweating labor To bear such idleness so near the heart As Cleopatra this.
Tis the curse of service.
Tis the infirmity of his age.
Tis the last service that I shall command you.
Tis the time’s plague when madmen lead the blind.
Tis they have put him on the old man’s death, To have th' expense and spoil of his revenues.
Tis thought that Richmond is their admiral; And there they hull, expecting but the aid Of Buckingham to welcome them ashore.
Tis three o'clock, and, Romans, yet ere night We shall try fortune in a second fight.
Tis thus: Who tells me true, though in his tale lie death, I hear him as he flattered.
Tis time I should inform thee farther.
Tis time that I were gone.
Tis time to look about.
Tis time to part.
Tis time we twain Did show ourselves i’ th’ field, and to that end Assemble we immediate council.
Tis to be doubted, madam.
Tis too bad, too bad.
Tis too late to go to bed now.
Tis too narrow for your mind.
Tis torture and not mercy.
Tis true indeed, so your daughter says.
Tis true, most worthy signior.
Tis true, my brother’s daughter’s Queen of Tunis, So is she heir of Naples, ’twixt which regions There is some space.
Tis true, my liege; this ring I had of her.
Tis true, my lords, he did.
Tis true, this god did shake!
Tis true.
Tis true.
Tis true.
Tis truly so.
Tis twenty year till then.
Tis two or three, my lord, that bring you word Macduff is fled to England.
Tis very good.
Tis very grievous to be thought upon.
Tis very like.
Tis very much.
Tis very strange.
Tis very true.
Tis very true.
Tis vile, unless it may be quaintly ordered, And better in my mind not undertook.
Tis well blown, lads.
Tis well consented.
Tis well for thee That, being unseminared, thy freer thoughts May not fly forth of Egypt.
Tis well I am found by you.
Tis well thou art not fish.
Tis well you offer it behind her back.
Tis well, sir, that you hunted for yourself.
Tis well.
Tis with cares.
Tis with him in standing water, between boy and man.
Tis wonder that thy life and wits at once Had not concluded all.—He wakes.
Tis wonderful.
Tis worse than murder To do upon respect such violent outrage.
Tis yours, and we, Your scutcheons and your signs of conquest, shall Hang in what place you please.
Titinius, if thou lovest me, Mount thou my horse, and hide thy spurs in him Till he have brought thee up to yonder troops And here again, that I may rest assured Whether yond troops are friend or enemy.
Titinius' face is upward.
To ’t, luxury, pell-mell—for I lack soldiers.
To a nunnery, go.
To a rope’s end, sir, and to that end am I returned.
To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight.
To Adriana.
To anger him, we’ll have the bear again, and we will fool him black and blue.
To answer by the method, in the first of his heart.
To answer that, I should confess to you.
To bait fish withal.
To Baptista Minola.
To be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune, but to write and read comes by nature.
To be acknowledged, madam, is o'erpaid.
To be Count Malvolio!
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be now a sensible man, by and by a fool, and presently a beast!
To be once in doubt Is to be resolved.
To be your fellow You may deny me, but I’ll be your servant Whether you will or no.
To bed, to bed.
To bed?
To both their deaths shalt thou be accessory.
To Brutus', to Cassius', burn all.
To business that we love we rise betimes And go to ’t with delight.
To cabin, silence!
To Caesar will I render My legions and my horse.
To cry “Amen” to that, thus we appear.
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt there.
To die, to sleep— No more—and by a sleep to say we end The heartache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to—’tis a consummation Devoutly to be wished!
To die, to sleep.
To do this is within the compass of man’s wit, and therefore I will attempt the doing it.
To do thus I learned of thee.
To do what, Signior?
To Dover.
To eat us hungerly, and when they are full, They belch us.
To England will I steal, and there I’ll steal.
To express the like kindness, myself, that have been more kindly beholding to you than any, freely give unto you this young scholar
To feed my humor, wish thyself no harm.
To feed were best at home; From thence, the sauce to meat is ceremony; Meeting were bare without it.
To fetch her fan, her gloves, her mask, nor nothing?
To fetch my poor distracted husband hence.
To find out you.
To flatter Caesar, would you mingle eyes With one that ties his points?
To fly the boar before the boar pursues Were to incense the boar to follow us And make pursuit where he did mean no chase.
to fool) Is thy lady within?
To fright you thus methinks I am too savage; To do worse to you were fell cruelty, Which is too nigh your person.
To get his place and to plume up my will In double knavery.
To go out of my dialect, which you discommend so much.
To have a foolish wife.
To have a thousand with red burning spits Come hissing in upon 'em!
To have no man come over me!
To her that is not here, nor doth not hear.
To her, my lord, Was I betrothed ere I saw Hermia.
To her, widow!
To him in thine own voice, and bring me word how thou findest him.
To him will I.
To him, Sir Topas.
To his conveyance I assign my wife, With what else needful your good grace shall think To be sent after me.
To his father, that so tenderly and entirely loves him.
To horse, you gallant princes, straight to horse.
To Ireland, I.
To leave his wife, to leave his babes, His mansion and his titles in a place From whence himself does fly?
To lend me arms and aid when I required them, The which you both denied.
To make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl?
To make society The sweeter welcome, we will keep ourself Till suppertime alone.
To make you answer truly to your name.
To me it is a prison.
To me, sir?
To move is to stir, and to be valiant is to stand.
To no more Will I give place or notice.
To none but thee, no more but when to thee.
To one of your receiving Enough is shown.
To our house.
To our shores Throng many doubtful hollow-hearted friends, Unarmed and unresolved to beat them back.
To plainness honor’s bound When majesty falls to folly.
To prayers, to prayers, all lost!
To prison, eyes, ne'er look on liberty.
To punish me for what you make me do Seems much unequal.
To save her life, I’ll say she is not so.
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay Against the laws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offense.
To see no pastime I.
To seek my uncle in the Forest of Arden.
To serve me well, you all should do me duty: Teach me to be your queen, and you my subjects.
To show an unfelt sorrow is an office Which the false man does easy.
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.
To supper?
To take ’t again perforce— Monster ingratitude!
To take the widow Exasperates, makes mad her sister Goneril, And hardly shall I carry out my side, Her husband being alive.
To tell thee thou shalt see me at Philippi.
To tell you true, I counterfeit him.
To tell you where he lodges is to tell you where I lie.
To th' church take the priest, clerk, and some sufficient honest witnesses.
To th’ monument!
To that end, As matching to his youth and vanity, I did present him with the Paris balls.
To the breach, to the breach!
To the death, my lord.
To the Elephant.
To the gates of Tartar, thou most excellent devil of wit!
To the health of our general!
To the jail with him!
To the mines?
To the seaside straightway!
To the selfsame tune and words.
To the tuition of God.
To the vales, And hold our best advantage.
To thee a woman’s services are due.
To thee I do commend my watchful soul, Ere I let fall the windows of mine eyes.
To thee, that hast nor honesty nor grace.
To these injunctions every one doth swear That comes to hazard for my worthless self.
To thine and Albany’s issue Be this perpetual.—What says our second daughter, Our dearest Regan, wife of Cornwall?
To this chair bind him.—Villain, thou shalt find— By the kind gods, ’tis most ignobly done To pluck me by the beard.
To this, add defiance, and tell him, for conclusion, he hath betrayed his followers, whose condemnation is pronounced.” So far my king and master; so much my office.
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
To vail the title, as her mother doth.
To what base uses we may return, Horatio.
To what effect?
To what end did I bid thee hie thee home?
To what end, my lord?
To what end?
To which we all appeal.
To who, my lord?—Who hath the office?
To who?
To whom do you speak this?
To whom in all this presence speaks your Grace?
To whom, my lord?
To whose hands You have sent the lunatic king.
To wreak the love I bore my cousin Upon his body that slaughtered him!
To you I am bound for life and education.
To, to, to— To murder me?
Today the lords you talked of are beheaded.
Tom will throw his head at them.—Avaunt, you curs!
Tom, away!
Tom’s a- cold.
Tom’s a-cold.
Tomorrow dinner, then?
Tomorrow I intend to hunt again.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow morning come you to my house, And since you could not be my son-in-law, Be yet my nephew.
Tomorrow night look that thou lie alone.
Tomorrow night when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the watery glass, Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass (A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal), Through Athens' gates have we devised to steal.
Tomorrow or next day they will be here.
Tomorrow shall you bear our full intent Back to our brother England.
Tomorrow shall you know our mind at full.
Tomorrow then I will expect your coming.
Tomorrow We’ll hear ourselves again.
Tomorrow will I send.
Tomorrow will it please you to be crowned?
Tomorrow will we be married.
Tomorrow with your earliest Let me have speech with you.— Come, my dear love, The purchase made, the fruits are to ensue: That profit’s yet to come ’tween me and you.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day To the last syllable of recorded time, And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death.
Tomorrow, as he purposes.
Tomorrow, Before the sun shall see ’s, we’ll spill the blood That has today escaped.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I shall be furnished to inform you rightly Both what by sea and land I can be able To front this present time.
Tomorrow, if you please to speak with me, I will come home to you.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I wrestle for my credit, and he that escapes me without some broken limb shall acquit him well.
Tomorrow, soldier, By sea and land I’ll fight.
Tomorrow, then, I judge a happy day.
Tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee!
Tongue, not a word.
Tonight I take my leave.
Tonight I’ll mourn with Hero.
Tonight in Harfleur will we be your guest; Tomorrow for the march are we addressed.
Tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness.
Too familiar Is my dear son with such sour company.
Too late, good Diomed.
Too long a pause for that which you find there.
Too old by heaven.
Too old to be engaged to young.
Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.
Too well what love women to men may owe.
Too well, too well.
Tooth that poisons if it bite, Mastiff, greyhound, mongrel grim,
Touch her soft mouth, and march.
Touch me not so near.
Touched you the bastardy of Edward’s children?
Touching our person, seek we no revenge, But we our kingdom’s safety must so tender, Whose ruin you have sought, that to her laws We do deliver you.
Touching this vision here, It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you.
Toward Peloponnesus are they fled.
Towards Chertsey, noble lord?
Towards him I made, but he was 'ware of me And stole into the covert of the wood.
Trail’st thou the puissant pike?
Tranio hits you now.
Tranio, I saw her coral lips to move And with her breath she did perfume the air.
Tranio, let’s go.
Tranio, you jest.
Transform me, then, and to your power I’ll yield.
Travelers ne'er did lie, Though fools at home condemn 'em.
Traverse, go, provide thy money.
Treachery!
Treason and murder ever kept together As two yoke-devils sworn to either’s purpose, Working so grossly in a natural cause That admiration did not whoop at them.
Treason has done his worst; nor steel nor poison, Malice domestic, foreign levy, nothing Can touch him further.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his time.
Tremblingly she stood And on the sudden dropped.
trick up with new-tuned oaths; and what a beard of the general’s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will do among foaming bottles and ale-washed wits is wonderful to be thought on.
Trinculo, if you trouble him any more in ’s tale, by this hand, I will supplant some of your teeth.
Trinculo, keep a good tongue in your head.
Trinculo, run into no further danger.
Trip, Audrey, trip, Audrey.—I attend, I attend.
Triple-turned whore!
Troth, I think your other rebato were better.
Troth, my lord, I have played the part of Lady Fame.
Troth, no, no more than reason.
Troth, sir, I can yield you none without words, and words are grown so false, I am loath to prove reason with them.
Trouble him no more Till further settling.
Trouble us not.
Trouble yourselves no further.
Trow you whither I am going?
True hope is swift, and flies with swallow’s wings.
True is it that we have seen better days And have with holy bell been knolled to church, And sat at good men’s feasts and wiped our eyes Of drops that sacred pity hath engendered.
True or false, it hath made thee Earl of Gloucester.
True, madam.
True, madam.
True, my good boy.—Come, bring us to this hovel.
True, my lord.
True, noble prince.
True, sir.
True,” said she, “a fine little one.” “No,” said I, “a great wit.” “Right,” says she, “a great gross one.” “Nay,” said I, “a good wit.” “Just,” said she, “it hurts nobody.” “Nay,” said I, “the gentleman is wise.” “Certain,” said she, “a wise gentleman.” “Nay,” said I, “he hath the tongues.” “That I believe,” said she, “for he swore a thing to me on Monday night, which he forswore on Tuesday morning; there’s a double tongue, there’s two tongues.” Thus did she an hour together transshape thy particular virtues.
True!
True.
Truly then I fear you are damned both by father and mother.
Truly, a peck of provender.
Truly, an obedient lady.
Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow’s shadow.
Truly, I have him, but I would not be the party that should desire you to touch him, for his biting is immortal.
Truly, I think they are.
Truly, I would the gods had made thee poetical.
Truly, madam, he holds Beelzebub at the staves' end as well as a man in his case may do.
Truly, my name is Cinna.
Truly, she makes a very good report o’ th’ worm.
Truly, she must be given, or the marriage is not lawful.
Truly, shepherd, in respect of itself, it is a good life; but in respect that it is a shepherd’s life, it is naught.
Truly, sir, all that I live by is with the awl.
Truly, sir, in respect of a fine workman, I am but, as you would say, a cobbler.
Truly, sir, the better for my foes and the worse for my friends.
Truly, sir, to wear out their shoes to get myself into more work.
Truly, the lady fathers herself.—Be happy, lady, for you are like an honorable father.
Truly, the more to blame he.
Truly, the tree yields bad fruit.
Truly, young gentlemen, though there was no great matter in the ditty, yet the note was very untunable.
Trust me, I am glad on ’t.
Trust me, I could do much— Prithee, no more.
Trust me, I fear it has.
Trust me, I take him for the better dog.
Trust not to rotten planks.
Trust not Trebonius.
Trust to ’t, bethink you.
Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, Will furnish me.
Tucket Once more I come to know of thee, King Harry, If for thy ransom thou wilt now compound, Before thy most assurèd overthrow.
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen.
Turn from me then that noble countenance Wherein the worship of the whole world lies.
Turn melancholy forth to funerals.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues, and my horse is argument for them all.
Turn thee back, And tell thy king I do not seek him now But could be willing to march on to Calais Without impeachment, for, to say the sooth, Though ’tis no wisdom to confess so much Unto an enemy of craft and vantage, My people are with sickness much enfeebled, My numbers lessened, and those few I have Almost no better than so many French, Who when they were in health, I tell thee, herald, I thought upon one pair of English legs Did march three Frenchmen.
Turn thy complexion there, Patience, thou young and rose-lipped cherubin,— Ay, there, look grim as hell!
Turn up on your right hand at the next turning, but at the next turning of all on your left.
Turn, hellhound, turn!
Turning th' accomplishment of many years Into an hour-glass; for the which supply, Admit me chorus to this history; Who, prologue-like, your humble patience pray Gently to hear, kindly to judge our play.
Tush, fear not, man.
Tush, Gremio.
Tush, I may as well say the fool’s the fool.
Tush, I will stir about, And all things shall be well, I warrant thee, wife.
Tush, thou art deceived.
Tush, tush, man, never fleer and jest at me.
Tut, a toy!
Tut, fear not me.
Tut, I am in their bosoms, and I know Wherefore they do it.
Tut, I have lost myself.
Tut, I have the best armor of the world.
Tut, I like it not.
Tut, she’s a lamb, a dove, a fool to him!
Tut, there’s life in ’t, man.
Tut, tut, my lord, we will not stand to prate.
Tut, tut, thou art all ice; thy kindness freezes.
Twas a color he never liked.
Twas a fault unwilling.
Twas a rough night.
Twas a shame no less Than was his loss, to course your flying flags And leave his navy gazing.
Twas a sweet marriage, and we prosper well in our return.
Twas full two years ere I could get a tooth.
Twas he informed against him, And quit the house on purpose that their punishment Might have the freer course.
Twas I indeed thou promised’st to strike, And thou hast given me most bitter terms.
Twas I that killed her.
Twas I, but ’tis not I. I do not shame To tell you what I was, since my conversion So sweetly tastes, being the thing I am.
Twas never merry world Since lowly feigning was call’d compliment.
Twas no need, I trow, To bid me trudge.
Twas on a summer’s evening in his tent, That day he overcame the Nervii.
Twas the boy that stole your meat, and you’ll beat the post.
Twas this flesh begot Those pelican daughters.
Twas told me you were rough and coy and sullen, And now I find report a very liar.
Twas where you wooed the gentlewoman so well.
Twas yet some comfort When misery could beguile the tyrant’s rage And frustrate his proud will.
Twas you we laughed at.
Tweaks me by the nose?
Twelve year since, Miranda, twelve year since, Thy father was the Duke of Milan and A prince of power.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
Twere as good a deed as to drink when a man’s a-hungry, to challenge him the field and then to break promise with him and make a fool of him.
Twere best he speak no harm of Brutus here.
Twere damnation To think so base a thought.
Twere good you do so much for charity.
Twere good you let him know, For who that’s but a queen, fair, sober, wise, Would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib, Such dear concernings hide?
Twere to consider too curiously, to consider so.
Twice did he turn his back and purposed so, But kindness, nobler ever than revenge, And nature, stronger than his just occasion, Made him give battle to the lioness, Who quickly fell before him; in which hurtling, From miserable slumber I awaked.
Twice then the trumpets sounded, And there I left him tranced.
Twill be a good way, and tomorrow the wrestling is.
Twill be a storm.
Twill be heavier soon by the weight of a man.
Twill be ill taken.
Twill be naught, But let it be.
Twill be recorded for a precedent, And many an error by the same example Will rush into the state.
Twill bring you gain or perish on the seas.
Twill endure wind and weather.
Twill not be seen in him there.
Two deep enemies, Foes to my rest, and my sweet sleep’s disturbers, Are they that I would have thee deal upon.
Two hundred ducats.
Two nights together had these gentlemen, Marcellus and Barnardo, on their watch, In the dead waste and middle of the night, Been thus encountered: a figure like your father, Armed at point exactly, cap-à-pie, Appears before them and with solemn march Goes slow and stately by them.
Two o'clock is your hour?
Two of both kinds make up four.
Two of my brother’s men bound!
Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
Two of them have the very bent of honor, And if their wisdoms be misled in this, The practice of it lives in John the Bastard, Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies.
Two or three groan.
Two such opposèd kings encamp them still, In man as well as herbs—grace and rude will.
Two things are to be done: My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress.
Two things provided more: that for this favor He presently become a Christian; The other, that he do record a gift Here in the court, of all he dies possessed, Unto his son Lorenzo and his daughter.
Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
Two, two—a shirt and a smock.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo banishèd.”
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banishèd.
Tybalt would kill thee, But thou slew’st Tybalt—there art thou happy.
Tybalt, my cousin!
Tybalt, that murderer, which way ran he?
Tybalt, the kinsman to old Capulet, Hath sent a letter to his father’s house.
Tybalt, the reason that I have to love thee Doth much excuse the appertaining rage To such a greeting.
Tybalt’s death Was woe enough, if it had ended there.
Tyranny is dead!
Tyrant, show thy face!
Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
Unaccommodated man is no more but such a poor, bare, forked animal as thou art.—  Off, off, you lendings!
Unarm, Eros.
Unbutton here.
Uncharitably with me have you dealt, And shamefully my hopes by you are butchered.
Uncle, I must come forth.
Uncle, this is a Montague, our foe, A villain that is hither come in spite To scorn at our solemnity this night.
Uncle, your Grace knows how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Uncomfortable time, why camest thou now To murder, murder our solemnity?
Uncouple in the western valley.
Under a compelling occasion, let women die.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
Under love’s heavy burden do I sink.
Under Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under the earth.
Under this conjuration, speak, my lord, For we will hear, note, and believe in heart That what you speak is in your conscience washed As pure as sin with baptism.
Under what captain serve you?
Under what title shall I woo for thee, That God, the law, my honor and her love Can make seem pleasing to her tender years?
Unfold it.
Unfought withal, but I will sell my dukedom To buy a slobb'ry and a dirty farm In that nook-shotten isle of Albion.
Unhappy fortune!
Unhappy that I am, I cannot heave My heart into my mouth.
Unkindness may do much, And his unkindness may defeat my life, But never taint my love.
Unknit that threat'ning unkind brow And dart not scornful glances from those eyes To wound thy lord, thy king, thy governor.
Unless he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he is.
Unless I have mista'en his colors much, Which well I am assured I have not done, His regiment lies half a mile, at least, South from the mighty power of the king.
Unless the master were the man.
Unless you could teach me to forget a banished father, you must not learn me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure.
Unmerciful lady as you are, I’m none.
Unreal mockery, hence!
Until I know this sure uncertainty I’ll entertain the offered fallacy.
Untimely comes this hurt.
Untimely storms make men expect a dearth.
Unto bad causes swear Such creatures as men doubt.
Unto the dignity and height of fortune, The high imperial type of this earth’s glory.
Unwilling, I agreed.
Up and down, up and down,  I will lead them up and down.
Up in the air, crowned with the golden sun, Saw his heroical seed and smiled to see him Mangle the work of nature and deface The patterns that by God and by French fathers Had twenty years been made.
Up so.
Up to some scaffold, there to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
Up with my tent!—Here will I lie tonight.
Up, my lords.
Up, princes, and, with spirit of honor edged More sharper than your swords, hie to the field: Charles Delabreth, High Constable of France; You dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, and of Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy; Jacques Chatillon, Rambures, Vaudemont, Beaumont, Grandpré, Roussi, and Faulconbridge, Foix, Lestrale, Bouciqualt, and Charolois; High dukes, great princes, barons, lords, and knights, For your great seats now quit you of great shames.
Up, up, and see The great doom’s image!
Up.
Upon a lie seven times removed.—Bear your body more seeming, Audrey.—As thus, sir: I did dislike the cut of a certain courtier’s beard.
Upon condition Publius shall not live, Who is your sister’s son, Mark Antony.
Upon her landing, Antony sent to her, Invited her to supper.
Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit, For ’tis a throne where honor may be crowned.
Upon his royal face there is no note How dread an army hath enrounded him, Nor doth he dedicate one jot of color Unto the weary and all-watchèd night, But freshly looks and overbears attaint With cheerful semblance and sweet majesty, That every wretch, pining and pale before, Beholding him, plucks comfort from his looks.
Upon mine honor, Myself, my brother, and this grievèd count Did see her, hear her, at that hour last night Talk with a ruffian at her chamber window Who hath indeed, most like a liberal villain, Confessed the vile encounters they have had A thousand times in secret.
Upon mine honor, sir, I heard a humming, And that a strange one too, which did awake me.
Upon my honor— Then came each actor on his ass—
Upon my life, by some device or other The villain is o'erraught of all my money.
Upon my life, my lord, I’ll undertake it.
Upon my life, she finds, although I cannot, Myself to be a marv'lous proper man.
Upon my power I may dismiss this court, Unless Bellario, a learnèd doctor, Whom I have sent for to determine this, Come here today.
Upon my soul, a lie, a wicked lie.
Upon my sword.
Upon record, my gracious lord.
Upon such sacrifices, my Cordelia, The gods themselves throw incense.
Upon that I kiss your hand, and I call you my queen.
Upon the corner of the moon There hangs a vap'rous drop profound.
Upon the crown o' th' cliff, what thing was that Which parted from you?
Upon the king!
Upon the platform, ’twixt eleven and twelve, I’ll visit you.
Upon the right hand I.
Upon the stroke of four.
Upon the stroke of four.
Upon the stroke of ten.
Upon the talk of the poisoning?
Upon them!
Upon this hint I spake.
Upon what bargain do you give it me?
Upon what cause?
Upon what sickness?
Upon your sword Sit laurel victory, and smooth success Be strewed before your feet.
Urchins Shall, forth at vast of night that they may work, All exercise on thee.
Urge me no more, I shall forget myself.
Urge neither charity nor shame to me.
Urge the necessity and state of times, And be not peevish found in great designs.
Use Desdemona well.
Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it.
Use lenity, sweet chuck.
Use me but as your spaniel—spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me.
Use me well.
Use them after your own honor and dignity.
Use your authority.
Utter my thoughts?
Utter your gravity o'er a gossip’s bowl, For here we need it not.
Vanish, or I shall give thee thy deserving, And blemish Caesar’s triumph.
Varrus and Claudio!
Vengeance, plague, death, confusion!
Vent my folly!
Vent my folly?
Verona, for a while I take my leave, To see my friends in Padua, but of all My best belovèd and approvèd friend, Hortensio.
Verona’s summer hath not such a flower.
Very brief, and to exceeding good sense—less.
Very easily possible.
Very foul.
Very gladly.
Very good orators, when they are out, they will spit; and for lovers lacking—God warn us—matter, the cleanliest shift is to kiss.
Very good, my lord.
Very good!
Very good.
Very ill, too.
Very like a whale.
Very many, men and women too.
Very sweet and contagious, i' faith.
Very vilely in the morning, when he is sober, and most vilely in the afternoon, when he is drunk.
Very well mended.
Very well took, i' faith, wisely, wisely.
Very well, madam.
Very well, my lord.
Very well, my lord.
Very well,” “go to”!
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Vex not his ghost.
Vex not his prescience.
Victory sits on our helms.
Vile earth, to earth resign.
Villain am I none.
Villain, I say, knock me at this gate And rap me well, or I’ll knock your knave’s pate.
Villain, not for thy life!
Villain, thou didst deny the gold’s receipt And told’st me of a mistress and a dinner, For which, I hope, thou felt’st I was displeased.
Villain, thou know’st not law of God nor man.
Villain, thou liest; for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart.
Villainous whore!
Villains, you did not so when your vile daggers Hacked one another in the sides of Caesar.
Virtue is beauty, but the beauteous evil Are empty trunks o'erflourished by the devil.
Virtue is no hornmaker, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied, And vice sometime by action dignified.
Virtue that transgresses is but patched with sin, and sin that amends is but patched with virtue.
Virtue?
Vouchsafe to those that have not read the story That I may prompt them; and of such as have, I humbly pray them to admit th' excuse Of time, of numbers, and due course of things, Which cannot in their huge and proper life Be here presented.
Vouchsafe to wear this ring.
Vouchsafe, defused infection of a man, Of these known evils but to give me leave By circumstance to curse thy cursèd self.
Vouchsafe, divine perfection of a woman, Of these supposèd crimes to give me leave By circumstance but to acquit myself.
Wake Duncan with thy knocking.
Wake her not.
Wake when some vile thing is near.
Warm, o' my troth.
Warrant thee, my man’s as true as steel.
Was ’t not the way?
Was ’t not to this end That thou began’st to twist so fine a story?
Was ’t you he rescued?
Was ’t you that did so oft contrive to kill him?
Was ever book containing such vile matter So fairly bound?
Was ever man so 'rayed?
Was ever man so beaten?
Was ever man so weary?
Was ever match clapped up so suddenly?
Was ever woman in this humor won?
Was ever woman in this humor wooed?
Was he not born of woman?
Was he not companion with the riotous knights That tend upon my father?
Was he not here?
Was I with you there for the goose?
Was it not yesterday we spoke together?
Was it so late, friend, ere you went to bed, That you do lie so late?
Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue Should become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
Was never mother had so dear a loss.
Was never widow had so dear a loss.
Was not Charles, the duke’s wrestler, here to speak with me?
Was not Count John here at supper?
Was not that Cassio parted from my wife?
Was not that letter from fair Jessica?
Was not this love indeed?
Was that done like Cassius?
Was that mine?
Was that my father that went hence so fast?
Was the crown offered him thrice?
Was the hope drunk Wherein you dressed yourself?
Was this ambition?
Was this before the king returned?
Was this fair paper, this most goodly book, Made to write “whore” upon?
Wash they his wounds with tears?
Wash your hands.
Wast born i' th' forest here?
Wast ever in court, shepherd?
Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me?
Wast thou not charged at peril— Wherefore to Dover?—Let him first answer that.
Watch me like Argus.
Watch you tonight for the command, I’ll lay ’t upon you.
We all expect a gentle answer, Jew.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar, And in the spirit of men there is no blood.
We are arrant knaves, all.
We are blessèd in the change.
We are blest that Rome is rid of him.
We are bound to the like.
We are enough yet living in the field To smother up the English in our throngs, If any order might be thought upon.
We are for you.
We are friends.
We are glad the Dauphin is so pleasant with us.
We are haunted.
We are in God’s hand, brother, not in theirs.
We are men, my liege.
We are no tyrant, but a Christian king, Unto whose grace our passion is as subject As is our wretches fettered in our prisons.
We are resolved, my lord.
We are sent To give thee from our royal master thanks, Only to herald thee into his sight, Not pay thee.
We are spoiled and yonder he is!
We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
We are the makers of manners, Kate, and the liberty that follows our places stops the mouth of all find- faults, as I will do yours for upholding the nice fashion of your country in denying me a kiss.
We are the queen’s abjects and must obey.— Brother, farewell.
We are their parents and original.
We are three of them.
We are two lions littered in one day, And I the elder and more terrible.
We are undone, lady, we are undone!
We are very sorry for’t.
We are yet but young in deed.
We are, my lord, and come to have the warrant That we may be admitted where he is.
We being strangers here, how dar’st thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody?
We both have fed as well, and we can both Endure the winter’s cold as well as he.
We came crying hither.
We came hither to fight with you.
We cannot all be masters, nor all masters Cannot be truly followed.
We cannot be here and there too.
We cannot call her winds and waters sighs and tears.
We cannot fight for love as men may do.
We charge you, in the Prince’s name, stand!
We defy augury.
We did keep time, sir, in our catches.
We did, my lord, weeping and commenting Upon the sobbing deer.
We do not come as minding to contest you, Our true intent is.
We do not know.
We do not mean the coursing snatchers only, But fear the main intendment of the Scot, Who hath been still a giddy neighbor to us.
We do, my lord.
We doubt it nothing.
We doubt not now But every rub is smoothèd on our way.
We doubt not of a fair and lucky war, Since God so graciously hath brought to light This dangerous treason lurking in our way To hinder our beginnings.
We first address towards you, who with this king Hath rivaled for our daughter.
We follow thee.—Juliet, the county stays.
We found him in the churchyard.
We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth.
We had much more monstrous matter of feast, which worthily deserved noting.
We have a trifling foolish banquet towards.— Is it e'en so?
We have beat him to his camp.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare, Which speed, we hope, the better for our words.
We have been up and down to seek him.
We have cause to be glad that matters are so well digested.
We have consented to all terms of reason.
We have done our course.
We have engaged ourselves too far.
We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth.
We have kissed away Kingdoms and provinces.
We have lost best half of our affair.
We have lost your son, I fear, forever.
We have no friend But resolution, and the briefest end.
We have none such, sir.
We have not made good preparation.
We have not spoke us yet of torchbearers.
We have not yet set down this day of triumph.
We have scorched the snake, not killed it.
We have seen the best of our time.
We have store to do ’t, And they have earned the waste.
We have sworn, my lord, already.
We have two hours To furnish us.
We have used our throats in Egypt.
We Have used to conquer standing on the earth And fighting foot to foot.
We have willing dames enough.
We have, sir.
We here attend you.
We hope to make the sender blush at it.
We judge no less.—Uncle of Exeter, Enlarge the man committed yesterday That railed against our person.
We know each other’s faces; for our hearts, He knows no more of mine than I of yours, Or I of his, my lord, than you of mine.— Lord Hastings, you and he are near in love.
We know thy charge, Brakenbury, and will obey.
We know what belongs to a watch.
We learn no other but the confident tyrant Keeps still in Dunsinane and will endure Our setting down before ’t.
We look for you tomorrow.
We looked not for Mark Antony here.
We love him highly And shall continue our graces towards him.
We may as bootless spend our vain command Upon th' enragèd soldiers in their spoil As send precepts to the Leviathan To come ashore.
We may effect this business yet ere day.
We must be married, or we must live in bawdry.—Farewell, good Master Oliver, not               'Tis no matter.
We must be patient, but I cannot choose but weep, to think they should lay him i' th' cold ground.
We must bear all.
We must both give and take, my loving lord.
We must die, Messala.
We must do something, and i' th' heat.
We must follow the leaders.
We must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head and show the world what the bird hath done to her own nest.
We must incline to the king.
We must not now displease him.
We must not.
We must obey the time.
We must out and talk.
We must starve our sight From lovers' food till morrow deep midnight.
We must to the watch.
We never valued this poor seat of England And therefore, living hence, did give ourself To barbarous license, as ’tis ever common That men are merriest when they are from home.
We now are near his cell.
We please them not by land.
We pray you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt.
We say that Shore’s wife hath a pretty foot, A cherry lip, a bonny eye, a passing pleasing tongue, And that the queen’s kindred are made gentlefolks.
We say the king Is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen Well struck in years, fair, and not jealous.
We see how mortal an unkindness is to them.
We see it and will say it.
We see yonder the beginning of the day, but I think we shall never see the end of it.—Who goes there?
We shall be much unfurnished for this time.
We shall be the more marketable.—Bonjour, Monsieur Le Beau.
We shall chide downright, if I longer stay.
We shall find a time, Audrey.
We shall find of him A shrewd contriver.
We shall further think on ’t.
We shall have a rare letter from him: but you’ll not deliver ’t?
We shall know by this fellow.
We shall ne'er be younger.
We shall obey, were she ten times our mother.
We shall, my liege.
We shall, my lord, Perform what you command us.
We shall, my lord.
We should have else desired your good advice— Which still hath been both grave and prosperous— In this day’s council, but we’ll take tomorrow.
We should have met you By sea and land, supplying every stage With an augmented greeting.
We should profane the service of the dead To sing a requiem and such rest to her As to peace-parted souls.
We speak no treason, man.
We talk here in the public haunt of men.
We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites: If we obey them not, this will ensue: They’ll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue.
We thank your Honor.
We therefore have great cause of thankfulness And shall forget the office of our hand Sooner than quittance of desert and merit According to the weight and worthiness.
We think not so, my lord.
We three are married, but you two are sped.
We took him for a coward, but he’s the very devil incardinate.
We took this mattock and this spade from him As he was coming from this churchyard’s side.
We two alone will sing like birds i' th' cage.
We two, my lord, Will guard your person while you take your rest And watch your safety.
We wait upon your Grace.
We wait upon your Grace.
We waste our lights in vain, like lights by day.
We were Christians eno' before, e'en as many as could well live one by another.
We will be married o' Sunday.
We will be satisfied!
We will be witnesses.
We will behold his death.
We will go together.
We will go walk a little in the orchard, And then to dinner.
We will greet the time.
We will haste us.
We will have more of this tomorrow.
We will have no telling.
We will have such a prologue, and it shall be written in eight and six.
We will hear Caesar’s will.
We will hence forthwith To feast and sport us at thy father’s house.
We will here part.
We will meet, and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously.
We will not fail.
We will ourselves provide.
We will persuade him, be it possible, To put on better ere he go to church.
We will proceed no further in this business.
We will spare for no wit, I warrant you.
We will speak further.
We will yet do well.
We will, fair queen, up to the mountain’s top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction.
We will, my noble lord.
We will.
We wish your peace.
We would be resolved, Before we hear him, of some things of weight That task our thoughts concerning us and France.
We would have all such offenders so cut off, and we give express charge that in our marches through the country there be nothing compelled from the villages, nothing taken but paid for, none of the French upbraided or abused in disdainful language; for when lenity and cruelty play for a kingdom, the gentler gamester is the soonest winner.
We would not die in that man’s company That fears his fellowship to die with us.
We would so, and then go a-batfowling.
We, at the height, are ready to decline.
We, Hermia, like two artificial gods, Have with our needles created both one flower, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key, As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, Had been incorporate.
We, ignorant of ourselves, Beg often our own harms, which the wise powers Deny us for our good, so find we profit By losing of our prayers.
We’ll along ourselves, and meet them at Philippi.
We’ll answer.
We’ll away tonight, And be a day before our husbands home.
We’ll be friends first.
We’ll beat ’em into bench-holes.
We’ll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors.
We’ll burn his body in the holy place, And with the brands fire the traitors' houses.
We’ll burn the house of Brutus.
We’ll bury him, and then, what’s brave, what’s noble, Let’s do ’t after the high Roman fashion And make death proud to take us.
We’ll draw cuts for the signior.
We’ll enter all together.
We’ll feast each other ere we part, and let’s Draw lots who shall begin.
We’ll give them present audience.
We’ll go along together, And ere we have thy youthful wages spent, We’ll light upon some settled low content.
We’ll go to supper i' th' morning.
We’ll ha ’t tomorrow night.
We’ll have thee to a couch Softer and sweeter than the lustful bed On purpose trimmed up for Semiramis.
We’ll have thee, as our rarer monsters are, Painted on a pole, and underwrit, “Here may you see the tyrant.”      I will not yield, To kiss the ground before young Malcolm’s feet, And to be baited with the rabble’s curse.
We’ll hear a play tomorrow.
We’ll hear him what he says.
We’ll hear him.—Noble Antony, go up.
We’ll hear it, Antony.
We’ll hear the will.
We’ll keep no great ado, a friend or two.
We’ll know all our fortunes.
We’ll lead you thither.
We’ll leave you, Brutus.
We’ll mend our dinner here.
We’ll mutiny.
We’ll no more meet, no more see one another.
We’ll not run, Monsieur Monster.
We’ll overreach the graybeard, Gremio, The narrow-prying father, Minola, The quaint musician, amorous Litio, All for my master’s sake, Lucentio.
We’ll revenge his death.
We’ll see 'em starve first.
We’ll see our husbands Before they think of us.
We’ll send Mark Antony to the senate house, And he shall say you are not well today.
We’ll set thee to school to an ant to teach thee there’s no laboring i' th' winter.
We’ll so begin these rites As we do trust they’ll end, in true delights.
We’ll speak to them, and tonight I’ll force The wine peep through their scars.—Come on, my Queen, There’s sap in ’t yet.
We’ll speak with thee at sea.
We’ll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.
We’ll to church tomorrow.
We’ll to dinner, thither.
We’ll to th’ river.
We’ll visit Caliban, my slave who never Yields us kind answer.
We’ll wait upon your lordship.
We’ll wait upon your lordship.
We’ll whisper o'er a couplet or two of most sage saws.
Weapons, arms?
Wear both of them, for both of them are thine.
Weary sev'nnights nine times nine Shall he dwindle, peak and pine.
Wednesday is tomorrow.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.
Weigh it but with the grossness of this age, You break not sanctuary in seizing him.
Welcome from Mantua.
Welcome hither.
Welcome hither.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Welcome, ass.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre.
Welcome, gentlemen!
Welcome, good Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Welcome, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends all.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, Signior.
Welcome, then, Thou unsubstantial air that I embrace!
Welcome, wanderer.
Welcome.
Well aimed of such a young one.
Well are you welcome to the open air.
Well be with you, gentlemen.
Well contented.
Well demanded, wench.
Well get you gone.
Well have you heard, but something hard of hearing.
Well held out, i' faith.
Well I know the man.
Well may you prosper.
Well mayst thou woo, and happy be thy speed.
Well met here.
Well met, Corporal Nym.
Well met, honest gentleman.
Well met, my lord.
Well met, well met, Master Antipholus.
Well moused, Lion!
Well praised!
Well pray you, father.
Well roared, Lion!
Well run, Thisbe!
Well said, old mole!
Well said.
Well said.
Well shone, Moon!—Truly, the moon shines with a good grace.
Well struck!
Well then, confess and live.
Well then, go you into hell?
Well then, I know thee.
Well then, if ever I thank any man, I’ll thank you.
Well then, it now appears you need my help.
Well then, Legitimate Edgar, I must have your land.
Well then, no more but this: go, gentle Catesby, And, as it were far off, sound thou Lord Hastings How he doth stand affected to our purpose And summon him tomorrow to the Tower To sit about the coronation.
Well then, now Have you considered of my speeches?
Well then, sustain me.
Well then, take a good heart and counterfeit to be a man.
Well then, the peace which you before so urged Lies in his answer.
Well this was Signor Benedick that said so.
Well thought on.
Well thought upon.
Well too.
Well-a-day that you were, sir.
Well, ’tis not so, my Lord High Constable.
Well, again.
Well, all is one.
Well, all’s one for that.
Well, And well am like to do, for I perceive, Four feasts are toward.
Well, as time shall try.
Well, as you guess?
Well, bawd I’ll turn, And something lean to cutpurse of quick hand.
Well, be it so.
Well, Brutus, thou art noble.
Well, but to my choice.
Well, but what’s o'clock?
Well, Catesby, ere a fortnight make me older I’ll send some packing that yet think not on ’t.
Well, come again tomorrow.
Well, come, my Kate.
Well, daughter, and you gentlewomen all, Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves, And when I send for you, come hither masked.
Well, do it, and be brief.
Well, do your discretion.
Well, fare you well, my lord.
Well, for your favor, sir, why, give God thanks, and make no boast of it, and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need of such vanity.
Well, forward, forward!
Well, gentlemen, I am thus resolved: On Sunday next, you know My daughter Katherina is to be married.
Well, get thee gone.
Well, girl, thou weep’st not so much for his death, As that the villain lives which slaughtered him.
Well, go thy way.
Well, go thy way.
Well, go to, I will.
Well, go to.
Well, God give them wisdom that have it.
Well, God-'a'-mercy.
Well, good night.
Well, happiness to their sheets!
Well, heaven’s above all, and there be souls must be saved, and there be souls must not be saved.
Well, here’s my comfort.
Well, honor is the subject of my story.
Well, I am glad that all things sort so well.
Well, I am not fair, and therefore I pray the gods make me honest.
Well, I am sorry for your niece.
Well, I cannot tell.
Well, I conceive.
Well, I have done.
Well, I know not What counts harsh Fortune casts upon my face, But in my bosom shall she never come To make my heart her vassal.
Well, I say no.
Well, I will be so much a sinner, to be a double-dealer.
Well, I will call Beatrice to you, who I think hath legs.
Well, I will do it, though I take thee in the king’s company.
Well, I will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours.
Well, I will hie, And so bestow these papers as you bade me.
Well, I will marry one day, but to try.
Well, I will thither.
Well, I will undertake it.
Well, I would you did like me.
Well, I’ll be revenged as I may.
Well, I’ll break in.
Well, I’ll end the song.—Sirs, cover the while; the duke will drink under this tree.—He hath been all this day to look you.
Well, I’ll go hide the body in some hole Till that the duke give order for his burial.
Well, if you were but an inch of fortune better than I, where would you choose it?
Well, in that hit you miss.
Well, Jessica, go in.
Well, Jove, not I, is the doer of this, and he is to be thanked.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
Well, keep me company but two years more, Thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue.
Well, let him go.
Well, let it be.— What ho, Malvolio!
Well, let it strike.
Well, let that rest.
Well, let them rest.—Come hither, Catesby.
Well, let’s away and say how much is done.
Well, look unto it.
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, masters, we hear our charge.
Well, may you see things well done there.
Well, more anon.—Comes the king forth, I pray you?
Well, my dread lord—so must I call you now.
Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
Well, my good lord, I have informed them so.
Well, my good lord, I’ll do ’t.
Well, my lord.
Well, officer, arrest him at my suit.
Well, old man, I will tell you news of your son.
Well, peace be with you, sir.
Well, peace be with you.
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in heart.
Well, praised be the gods for thy foulness; sluttishness may come hereafter.
Well, say, sir.
Well, sir, for want of other idleness, I’ll bide your proof.
Well, sir, get you in.
Well, sir, good night.
Well, sir, I thank you.
Well, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I’ll bring you to our master Lear And leave you to attend him.
Well, sir, in brief, the gown is not for me.
Well, sir, learn to jest in good time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.—Lord, Lord!
Well, sir, then ’twill be dry.
Well, sir, we will not.
Well, sir?
Well, sir.
Well, sir.
Well, sit we down, And let us hear Barnardo speak of this.
Well, stand aside.—'Fore God, they are both in a ale.
Well, Susan is with God.
Well, Syracusian, say in brief the cause Why thou dep-artedst from thy native home And for what cause thou camest to Ephesus.
Well, tell me now what lady is the same To whom you swore a secret pilgrimage, That you today promised to tell me of?
Well, that is the dowry of his wife; ’tis none of his own getting.
Well, the beginning that is dead and buried.
Well, then I shall see thee again?
Well, then, that’s the humor of ’t.
Well, think of marriage now.
Well, thou dost best.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvelous much.
Well, time is the old justice that examines all such offenders, and let time try.
Well, to our work alive.
Well, we shall see your bearing.
Well, we shall sift him.—Welcome, my good friends!
Well, we were born to die.
Well, we will leave you then till dinnertime.
Well, we’ll see ’t.
Well, well, away.
Well, well, put up your sword.
Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child.
Well, well, We shall thrive now.—Seest thou, my good fellow?
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
Well, what is it?
Well, what was yours?
Well, what worst?
Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher.
Well, you are gone both ways.
Well, you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that are drunk get them to bed.
Well, you have made a simple choice.
Well, you may fear too far.
Well, you temporize with the hours.
Well, your imprisonment shall not be long.
Well.
Well.
Well.
Well.
Well.— Now come, my Ariel!
Went he hence now?
Went they not quickly, I should die with laughing.
Went’st not thou to her for a purse of ducats?
Were ’t my fitness To let these hands obey my blood, They are apt enough to dislocate and tear Thy flesh and bones.
Were ’t twenty of the greatest tributaries That do acknowledge Caesar, should I find them So saucy with the hand of she here—what’s her name Since she was Cleopatra?
Were he not warmed with ale, This were a bed but cold to sleep so soundly.
Were I a common laugher, or did use To stale with ordinary oaths my love To every new protester, if you know That I do fawn on men and hug them hard And, after, scandal them, or if you know That I profess myself in banqueting To all the rout, then hold me dangerous.
Were I in England now, as once I was, and had but this fish painted, not a holiday fool there but would give a piece of silver.
Were I my father, coz, would I do this?
Were it good, think you?
Were it not better, Because that I am more than common tall, That I did suit me all points like a man?
Were never orphans had so dear a loss.
Were not my doors locked up and I shut out?
Were not you even now with the Countess Olivia?
Were such things here as we do speak about?
Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated, The rest I’d give to be to you translated.
Were they not forced with those that should be ours, We might have met them dareful, beard to beard, And beat them backward home.
Were we before our armies, and to fight, I should do thus.
Were we not born under Taurus?
Were you a woman, as the rest goes even, I should my tears let fall upon your cheek And say “Thrice-welcome, drownèd Viola!” My father had a mole upon his brow.
Were you by when it began?
Were you made the messenger?
Were you well served, you would be taught your duty.
Wert thou as young as I, Juliet thy love, An hour but married, Tybalt murderèd, Doting like me, and like me banishèd, Then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hair And fall upon the ground, as I do now, Taking the measure of an unmade grave.
Wert thou not banishèd on pain of death?
Wert thou not my brother, I would not take this hand from thy throat till this other had pulled out thy tongue for saying so.
What “quality”?
What a blow was there given!
What a blunt fellow is this grown to be!
What a brazen-faced varlet art thou to deny thou knowest me!
What a caterwauling do you keep here!
What a fearful night is this!
What a foolish duty call you this?
What a life is this That your poor friends must woo your company?
What a long night is this!
What a man are you?
What a night’s this!
What a pestilent knave is this same!
What a pied ninny’s this!—Thou scurvy patch!— I do beseech thy greatness, give him blows And take his bottle from him.
What a plague means my niece, to take the death of her brother thus?
What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit!
What a sigh is there!
What a strange drowsiness possesses them!
What a thrice-double ass Was I, to take this drunkard for a god And worship this dull fool!
What a wretched and peevish fellow is this king of England to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his knowledge.
What Adam dost thou mean?
What an eye she has!
What answer, sir?
What are his words?
What are these faces?
What are they that do play it?
What are they, beseech your ladyship?
What are thy comings in?
What are you then determinèd to do?
What are you there?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What art thou that dost grumble there i' th' straw?
What art thou that keep’st me out from the house I owe?
What art thou, fellow?
What art thou?
What bastard doth not?
What beard were I best to play it in?
What beast was ’t, then, That made you break this enterprise to me?
What black magician conjures up this fiend To stop devoted charitable deeds?
What bloody man is that?
What call you the carriages?
What can be avoided Whose end is purposed by the mighty gods?
What can he say in this?
What can it not?
What canst thou swear by now?
What ceremony else?
What cheer, my love?— Demetrius and Egeus, go along.
What cheer?
What claim lays she to thee?
What color, madam?
What comfortable hour canst thou name, That ever graced me in thy company?
What committed?
What company is this?
What complexion is she of?
What concern they?
What conquest brings he home?
What Conrade!
What counterfeit did I give you?
What country, friends, is this?
What countryman?
What cursèd foot wanders this way tonight To cross my obsequies and true love’s rite?
What day is this?
What devil art thou that dost torment me thus?
What did he when thou saw’st him?
What did thy song bode, lady?
What did you enact?
What did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now?
What didst not like?
What do I fear?
What do I see on thee?
What do they in the north When they should serve their sovereign in the west?
What do you call the play?
What do you here alone?
What do you here?
What do you mean To dote thus on such luggage?
What do you mean, my lord?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you see?
What do you think Of marching to Philippi presently?
What do you think of me?
What do you think?
What does he say of Brutus?
What does the tyrant?
What does this mean, my lord?
What dogs are these!
What dost thou know me for?
What dost thou mean?
What dost thou mean?
What dost thou profess?
What dost thou say?
What dost thou say?
What dost thou think?
What dost thou with thy best apparel on?
What dost you mean by this?
What doth she say, my lord of Buckingham?
What drink’st thou oft, instead of homage sweet, But poisoned flattery?
What early tongue so sweet saluteth me?
What effects, my lord?
What else, fellow?
What else?
What enterprise, Popillius?
What error drives our eyes and ears amiss?
What eye but such an eye would spy out such a quarrel?
What features?
What follows, then, my lord?
What fool is this?
What foul play had we that we came from thence?
What friend?
What from the cape can you discern at sea?
What further woe conspires against mine age?
What gentleman?
What good is covered with the face of heaven, To be discovered, that can do me good?
What grows of it, no matter.
What had he done to make him fly the land?
What had he done to you?
What handkerchief?
What harmony is this?
What hast thou been?
What hast thou found?
What hast thou to do?— Father, be quiet.
What hath he said?
What hath quenched them hath given me fire.
What have I kept back?
What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?
What have you done?
What have you, my good friends, deserved at the hands of fortune that she sends you to prison hither?
What he hath lost, noble Macbeth hath won.
What he hath uttered I have writ my sister.
What he will do with it Heaven knows, not I. I nothing but to please his fantasy.
What heir of York is there alive but we?
What ho, Horatio!
What ho, the Emperor’s guard!
What horrible fancy’s this?
What hour now?
What I am and what I would are as secret as maidenhead.
What I can do I will, and more I will Than for myself I dare.
What I should deny— As this I would, ay, though thou didst produce My very character—I’d turn it all To thy suggestion, plot, and damnèd practice.
What I should think of this I cannot tell, But this I think: there’s no man is so vain That would refuse so fair an offered chain.
What if a man bring him a hundred pound or two to make merry withal?
What if I had said I had seen him do you wrong?
What if I strayed no further, but chose here?
What if it come to thee again?
What if my house be troubled with a rat And I be pleased to give ten thousand ducats To have it baned?
What if this mixture do not work at all?
What impossible matter will he make easy next?
What in the contrary?
What infinite heart’s ease Must kings neglect that private men enjoy?
What is ’t o'clock?
What is ’t thou canst demand?
What is ’t thou say’st?
What is ’t you do?
What is ’t you say?
What is ’t you seek?
What is ’t, my lord?
What is ’t, Ophelia, he hath said to you?
What is ’t?
What is “t o”clock?
What is a man If his chief good and market of his time Be but to sleep and feed?
What is a traitor?
What is amiss?
What is between you?
What is decreed must be, and be this so.
What is he at the gate, cousin?
What is he for a fool that betroths himself to unquietness?
What is he that shall buy his flock and pasture?
What is he that you ask for, niece?
What is he, Biondello?
What is her mother?
What is here?
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his strength by land?
What is it else?
What is it she does now?
What is it that you would impart to me?
What is it thou didst say?
What is it ye would see?
What is it, my good friends?
What is it?
What is my name?
What is my offense?
What is Pyramus?
What is she?
What is she?
What is that noise?
What is the course and drift of your compact?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter there?
What is the matter with thee?
What is the matter, ho?
What is the matter, husband?
What is the matter, lady?
What is the matter, masters?— Honest Iago, that looks dead with grieving, Speak, who began this?
What is the matter, my lord?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news?
What is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning wildfowl?
What is the reason of this terrible summons?
What is the success?
What is the time o' th' day?
What is this castle called that stands hard by?
What is this same?
What is this That rises like the issue of a king, And wears upon his baby-brow the round And top of sovereignty?
What is this?
What is Thisbe?
What is thy name, young man?
What is thy name?
What is thy name?
What is thy news then?
What is thy soul of adoration?
What is thy will with her?
What is to be said to him, lady?
What is yond gentleman?
What is your difference?
What is your name?
What is your parentage?” “Above my fortunes, yet my state is well.
What is your pleasure, madam?
What is your pleasure?
What is your tidings?
What is your will that I shall do with this?
What is your will, sir, that you send for me?
What is your will?
What is your will?
What is, my lord?
What ish my nation?
What it is, my Caius, I shall unfold to thee as we are going To whom it must be done.
What it should be, More than his father’s death, that thus hath put him So much from th' understanding of himself, I cannot dream of.
What judgment shall I dread, doing no wrong?
What kind of god art thou, that suffer’st more Of mortal griefs than do thy worshippers?
What kind of help?
What kind of woman is’t?
What lawful quest have given their verdict up Unto the frowning judge?
What less than doomsday is the Prince’s doom?
What life is in that to be the death of this marriage?
What likelihood of his amendment, lords?
What love could press Lysander from my side?
What make you from home?
What makes him here?
What makes that frontlet on?
What malice was between you?
What man art thou that, thus bescreened in night, So stumblest on my counsel?
What man dost thou dig it for?
What man is that?
What man is that?
What man was he talked with you yesternight Out at your window betwixt twelve and one?
What manner o’ thing is your crocodile?
What manner of man?
What manner of man?
What many men desire”—that “many” may be meant By the fool multitude that choose by show, Not learning more than the fond eye doth teach; Which pries not to th' interior, but like the martlet Builds in the weather on the outward wall, Even in the force and road of casualty.
What mar you then, sir?
What masque, what music?
What may I call your name?
What may she not?
What mean you, Caesar?
What mean you, madam?
What mean you, sir?
What mean your graces?
What mean’st thou by that?
What mean’st thou, that thou help’st me not?
What meanest thou by that, Malvolio?
What means that bloody knife?
What means this jest?
What means this lady?
What means this shouting?
What means your grace?
What means your lordship?
What men daily do, not knowing what they do!
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
What men may do!
What mercy can you render him, Antonio?
What might be toward, that this sweaty haste Doth make the night joint laborer with the day?
What might import my sister’s letter to him?
What might you think?
What might you think?
What misadventure is so early up That calls our person from our morning rest?
what mistress, slave, hast thou?
What money, sir?
What must be shall be.
What name, fair lady?
What need one?
What need the bridge much broader than the flood?
What need you five and twenty, ten, or five To follow in a house where twice so many Have a command to tend you?
What need’st thou run so many mile about When thou mayst tell thy tale the nearest way?
What needed, then, that terrible dispatch of it into your pocket?
What needs more words?
What needs this iterance, woman?
What news abroad?
What news among the merchants?
What news from Genoa?
What news from her?
What news more?
What news with you, sir?
What news, Borachio?
What news, my lord?
What news, what news in this our tott'ring state?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What night-rule now about this haunted grove?
What noise is here?
What noise is that?
What noise is that?
What noise is this?
What noise is this?—Not dead?
What noise?
What noise?
What not put upon His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt Of our great quell?
What now, Lucillius?
What o' that?
What o'clock tomorrow Shall I send to thee?
What of that?
What of that?
What of that?
What offense, sweet Beatrice?
What other bond Than secret Romans that have spoke the word And will not palter?
What paper were you reading?
What passion hangs these weights upon my tongue?
What players are they?
What poor an instrument May do a noble deed!
What prisoners of good sort are taken, uncle?
What private griefs they have, alas, I know not, That made them do it.
What profane wretch art thou?
What promise, chuck?
What proof shall I make of that?
What raiment will your Honor wear today?
What rein can hold licentious wickedness When down the hill he holds his fierce career?
What revels are in hand?
What ring gave you my lord?
What said he when he came unto himself?
What said he?
What said my man, when my betossèd soul Did not attend him as we rode?
What said Northumberland as touching Richmond?
What satisfaction canst thou have tonight?
What say the augurers?
What say you sir?
What say you then to Falconbridge, the young baron of England?
What say you to a neat’s foot?
What say you to a piece of beef and mustard?
What say you, Bottom?
What say you, Hermia?
What say you, uncle?
What say you?
What say you?
What say you?
What say’st thou, my fair flower de luce?
What say’st thou, noble heart?
What sayest thou now?
What sayest thou, Biondello?
What sayest thou?
What says he of our marriage?
What says Lord Stanley?
What says my lord?
What says Polonius?
What says Romeo?
What says that fool of Hagar’s offspring, ha?
What says the golden chest?
What says the silver with her virgin hue?
What says this leaden casket?
What says your Highness to my just request?
What sayst thou to him?
What sayst thou to me now?
What sayst thou, my dear Nurse?
What sayst thou?
What sense had I in her stol'n hours of lust?
What serious contemplation are you in?
What services canst thou do?
What shall be our sport, then?
What shall become of this?
What shall I call thee when thou art a man?
What shall I do?
What shall I do?
What shall I know of thee?
What shall I say?
What shall I swear by?
What shall we do else?
What shall we do, Enobarbus?
What shall we hear of this?
What shall you ask of me that I’ll deny, That honor, saved, may upon asking give?
What should a man do but be merry?
What should he be?
What should I answer you?
What should I do I do not?
What should I do with him?
What should I do?
What should I say to you?
What should I say, sweet lady?
What should I speak?
What should I stay— In this wild world?
What should I think on ’t?
What should it be that is so shrieked abroad?
What should such fellows as I do crawling between earth and heaven?
What should that bode?
What should the wars do with these jigging fools?
What should this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What sights, my lord?
What simple thief brags of his own attaint?
What soldiers, patch?
What soldiers, whey-face?
What speech, my good lord?
What stature is she of?
What stay had I but Edward?
What stay had we but Clarence?
What sum owes he the Jew?
What tell’st thou me of robbing?
What the goodyear, my lord, why are you thus out of measure sad?
What then?
What then?
What things are these, my lord Antonio?
What think you of the Scottish lord, his neighbor?
What think you of this fool, Malvolio?
What think you on ’t?
What think you on ’t?
What think’st thou then of Stanley?
What think’st thou, will our friends prove all true?
What think’st thou?
What thinkest thou of his opinion?
What thou seest when thou dost wake, Do it for thy true love take.
What thou wouldst do Is done unto thy hand.
What thou wouldst highly, That wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false, And yet wouldst wrongly win.
What though he love your Hermia?
What though I be not so in grace as you— So hung upon with love, so fortunate— But miserable most, to love unloved?
What though I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink especially provoke?
What tidings can you tell me of my lord?
What to him from England?
What touches us ourself shall be last served.
What trade, thou knave?
What traitor hears me and says not “Amen?” England hath long been mad and scarred herself.
What Tranio did, myself enforced him to.
What treasure, uncle?
What tributaries follow him to Rome To grace in captive bonds his chariot wheels?
What trumpet is that same?
What trumpet’s that?
What two crowns shall they be?
What unaccustomed cause procures her hither?
What villain touched his body, that did stab, And not for justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains have done this?
What warlike noise is this?
What was ’t That moved pale Cassius to conspire?
What was he that you followed with your sword?
What was he, sad or merry?
What was it you told me of today, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signor Benedick?
What was th' impediment that broke this off?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise for?
What was thy cause?
What was your dream, my lord?
What watchful cares do interpose themselves Betwixt your eyes and night?
What we will do, we do upon command.
What were his marks?
What were I best to say?
What were these?
What wert thou if the King of Naples heard thee?
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me compare with Hermia’s sphery eyne?
What will become of this?
What will hap more tonight, safe ’scape the king!
What will I do, think’st thou?
What will this do?
What will you do with ’t, that you have been so earnest To have me filch it?
What will you do?
What will you do?
What will you give me now For the same handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What wilt thou do for her?
What wilt thou do?
What wilt thou tell her, Nurse?
What with a torch!
What woman, then?
What woman’s man?
What wood is this before us?
What work is here, Charmian?
What would my lord, but that he may not have, Wherein Olivia may seem serviceable?
What would my lord?
What would my lord?
What would my potent master?
What would she have?
What would you have?
What would you say to me now, an I were your very, very Rosalind?
What would you with her, sir?
What would you with me, honest neighbor?
What would you, Desdemona?
What would you?
What wouldst thou do, old man?
What wouldst thou have with me?
What wouldst thou now?
What wouldst thou with us?
What wouldst thou write of me, if thou should’st praise me?
What wouldst thou, fellow?
What wouldst thou?
What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
What years, i' faith?
What you have charged me with, that have I done— And more, much more.
What you have said I will consider, what you have to say I will with patience hear, and find a time Both meet to hear and answer such high things.
What you have spoke, it may be so perchance.
What you know, you know.
What you would have I’ll stay to know at your abandoned cave.
What you would work me to, I have some aim.
What, a feast, a feast?
What, a prisoner?
What, all my pretty chickens and their dam At one fell swoop?
What, all so soon asleep?
What, An advocate for an imposter?
What, and my old Venetian friend Salerio?
What, and stake down?
What, are Ancient Pistol and you friends yet?
What, are the brothers parted?
What, are there masques?
What, are they children?
What, are we cuckolds ere we have deserved it?
What, are you answered yet?
What, are you busy, ho?
What, are you hurt, lieutenant?
What, are you mad that you do reason so?
What, are you mad?
What, are you mad?
What, art mad?
What, art thou afraid?
What, art thou ashamed of me?
What, art thou come?—On, gentlemen, away!
What, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?
What, art thou hurt?
What, art thou waking?
What, bear her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, uncovered slander, unmitigated rancor—O God, that I were a man!
What, Brutus?
What, Curio?
What, dead, my dove?
What, did Caesar swoon?
What, did he marry me to famish me?
What, did they never whisper?
What, dost thou make us minstrels?
What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel, And soothe the devil that I warn thee from?
What, drawn, and talk of peace?
What, for a counter, would I do but good?
What, frighted with false fire?
What, from myself?
What, girl, though gray Do something mingle with our younger brown, yet ha’ we A brain that nourishes our nerves and can Get goal for goal of youth.
What, go you toward the Tower?
What, Grumio!
What, has his daughters brought him to this pass?— Couldst thou save nothing?
What, has this thing appeared again tonight?
What, have you dined at home?
What, have you forgot me?
What, have you lost your wits?
What, have you writ that letter to my sister?
What, ho, Brabantio!
What, ho!
What, ho!
What, ho?
What, household stuff?
What, I say?
What, I will be jovial.
What, I, my lord?
What, i' th' storm, i' th' night?
What, in my sight?—Bianca, get thee in.
What, in our house?
What, in the midst of the street?
What, is Antonio here?
What, is Brutus sick, And will he steal out of his wholesome bed, To dare the vile contagion of the night And tempt the rheumy and unpurgèd air To add unto his sickness?
What, is he angry?
What, is he dead?
What, is he dead?
What, is my beaver easier than it was?
What, is the fellow mad?
What, is the jay more precious than the lark Because his feathers are more beautiful?
What, is the man lunatic?
What, is there such a place?
What, is this so?
What, jealous Oberon?—Fairies, skip hence.
What, keep a week away?
What, lamb!
What, Lucius!
What, man, ’tis a night of revels!
What, man, courage yet!
What, man, there are ways to recover the general again.
What, man?
What, master, read you?
What, may it please you, shall I do at Salisbury?
What, mistress!
What, must I come to you With five and twenty, Regan?
What, must I hold a candle to my shames?
What, must our mouths be cold?
What, my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my good lord?
What, my gracious lord?
What, my lord?
What, my lord?
What, my old worshipful old master?
What, no more ceremony?
What, no more?
What, not a whore?
What, not a word?
What, not a word?
What, not one hit?
What, not to pray?
What, Nurse, I say!
What, Octavia?
What, of death too, That rids our dogs of languish?
What, Pindarus!
What, rouse thee, man!
What, says the married woman you may go?
What, shall I be appointed hours as though, belike, I knew not what to take and what to leave, ha?
What, shall I find you here?
What, shall I groan and tell thee?
What, shall I stab him as he sleeps?
What, shall one of us That struck the foremost man of all this world But for supporting robbers, shall we now Contaminate our fingers with base bribes, And sell the mighty space of our large honors For so much trash as may be graspèd thus?
What, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
What, shall we toward the Tower?
What, sigh for the toothache?
What, sir, not yet at rest?
What, so brief?
What, still in tears, Evermore showering?
What, the chain?
What, think you we are Turks or infidels?
What, thou meanest an officer?
What, thou speak’st drowsily?
What, thou?
What, To kiss in private?
What, to perverseness?
What, up and down, carved like an apple tart?
What, was I married to her in my dream?
What, we have many goodly days to see!
What, were you snarling all before I came, Ready to catch each other by the throat, And turn you all your hatred now on me?
What, what, good cheer!
What, what?
What, will my daughter prove a good musician?
What, will our mother come?
What, will you have them weep our horses' blood?
What, will you murder me?—Thou jailer, thou, I am thy prisoner.
What, will you not suffer me?
What, will you walk with me about the town And then go to my inn and dine with me?
What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being forbid?
What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love?
What, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears?
What, with Lysander?
What, with my tongue in your tail?
What, with the case of eyes?
What, with worms and flies?
What, worse and worse?— With leave, Bassanio, I am half yourself, And I must freely have the half of anything That this same paper brings you.
What, would you make me mad?
What, wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice?
What, wouldst thou have me go and beg my food, Or with a base and boist'rous sword enforce A thievish living on the common road?
What, you look merrily.
What, you mean my face?
What!
What?
What?
What’s a drunken man like, fool?
What’s Antony?
What’s done is done.
What’s else to say?—   These quicksands, Lepidus, Keep off them, for you sink.
What’s he that now is going out of door?
What’s he that speaks for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
What’s he That was not born of woman?
What’s he that wishes so?
What’s he?
What’s he?
What’s her name?
What’s here?
What’s his fault?
What’s his offense?
What’s she?
What’s that good for?
What’s that to thee?
What’s that, I pray?
What’s that, my lord?
What’s that?
What’s that?
What’s the boy Malcolm?
What’s the disease he means?
What’s the matter here?
What’s the matter That you unlace your reputation thus And spend your rich opinion for the name Of a night-brawler?
What’s the matter with thee now?
What’s the matter, dear?
What’s the matter, lieutenant?
What’s the matter, think you?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the news with thee?
What’s the news?
What’s the noise?
What’s the wager?
What’s this for?
What’s this to my Lysander?
What’s this?
What’s this?
What’s thy name?
What’s thy passion?
What’s thy pleasure?
What’s to be done?
What’s to do?
What’s to say?
What’s your grace’s will?
What’s your gracious pleasure?
What’s your highness’ pleasure?
What’s your name, friend?
What’s your name?
What’s your pleasure, sir?
What’s your will?
What’s your will?
What’s your will?
Whate'er thou art, for thy good caution, thanks.
Whate’er becomes of me, This is a soldier’s kiss.
When ’s god’s asleep, he’ll rob his bottle.
when ’twas a little prating thing.—Oh, there is a nobleman in town, one Paris, that would fain lay knife aboard, but she, good soul, had as lief see a toad, a very toad, as see him.
When a wise man gives thee better counsel, give me mine again.
When all’s done, You look but on a stool.
When and where and how We met, we wooed and made exchange of vow, I’ll tell thee as we pass, but this I pray: That thou consent to marry us today.
When are you married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets seen.
When being not at your lodging to be found The Senate hath sent about three several guests To search you out.
When Biondello comes, he waits on thee, But I will charm him first to keep his tongue.
When Caesar lived, he durst not thus have moved me.
When Caesar says, “do this,” it is performed.
When came this to you?
When comes such another?
When could they say till now, that talked of Rome, That her wide walks encompassed but one man?
When devils will the blackest sins put on They do suggest at first with heavenly shows As I do now.
When did I see thee so put down?
When did she send thee?
When didst thou sleep when such a deed was done?
When good manners shall lie all in one or two men’s hands, and they unwashed too, ’tis a foul thing.
When have I injured thee?
When he came to himself again, he said, if he had done or said anything amiss, he desired their worships to think it was his infirmity.
When he is best he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst he is little better than a beast.
When he is gone I would on great occasion speak with you.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When holy and devout religious men Are at their beads, ’tis much to draw them thence, So sweet is zealous contemplation.
When I am alone, why then I am Tranio; But in all places else, your master Lucentio.
When I am known aright you shall not grieve Lending me this acquaintance.
When I came back— For this was brief— I found them close together At blow and thrust, even as again they were When you yourself did part them.
When I come where he calls, then he is gone.
When I desire their leave that I might pity him, they took from me the use of mine own house, charged me on pain of their perpetual displeasure neither to speak of him, entreat for him, nor any way sustain him.
When I did make thee free, swor’st thou not then To do this when I bade thee?
When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit.
When I have plucked thy rose I cannot give it vital growth again, It must needs wither.
When I know the gentleman, I’ll tell him what you say.
When I like your favor, for God defend the lute should be like the case!
When I presented Ceres, I thought to have told thee of it, but I feared Lest I might anger thee.
When I spoke that, I was ill-tempered too.
When I think, I must speak.
When I told you My state was nothing, I should then have told you That I was worse than nothing, for indeed I have engaged myself to a dear friend, Engaged my friend to his mere enemy To feed my means.
When I was with him I have heard him swear To Tubal and to Chus, his countrymen, That he would rather have Antonio’s flesh Than twenty times the value of the sum That he did owe him.
When I wore it at your daughter’s marriage?
When in that moment so it came to pass, Titania waked and straightway loved an ass.
When is the royal day?
When it appears to you where this begins, Turn your displeasure that way, for our faults Can never be so equal that your love Can equally move with them.
When it concerns the fool or coward.
When it is lighted, come and call me here.
When it is paid according to the tenor.
When it is paid, bring your true friend along.
When Jacob grazed his uncle Laban’s sheep— This Jacob from our holy Abram was, As his wise mother wrought in his behalf, The third possessor, ay, he was the third— And what of him?
When last I was at Exeter, The mayor in courtesy showed me the castle And called it Rougemont, at which name I started, Because a bard of Ireland told me once I should not live long after I saw Richmond.
When my tongue blabs, then let mine eyes not see.
When Nature hath made a fair creature, may she not by Fortune fall into the fire?
When our actions do not, Our fears do make us traitors.
When Prospero is destroyed.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome—  The actors are come hither, my lord.
When saw you my father last?
When shall he come?
When shall we come to th' top of that same hill?
When shall we three meet again?
When spake I such a word?
When that the poor have cried, Caesar hath wept.
When that’s gone, He shall drink naught but brine, for I’ll not show him Where the quick freshes are.
When the butt is out, we will drink water.
When the mind’s free, The body’s delicate.
When the moon shone we did not see the candle.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
When these prodigies Do so conjointly meet, let not men say, “These are their reasons.
When they are gone, then must I count my gains.
When they are in great danger, I recover them.
When they do choose, They have the wisdom by their wit to lose.
When they shall see The face of Caesar, they are vanishèd.
When they will not give a doit to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian.
When think you that the sword goes up again?
When this advice is free I give and honest, Probal to thinking and indeed the course To win the Moor again?
When this burns, 'Twill weep for having wearied you.
When thou dost ask me blessing, I’ll kneel down And ask of thee forgiveness.
When thou once Wast beaten from Modena, where thou slew’st Hirtius and Pansa, consuls, at thy heel Did famine follow, whom thou fought’st against, Though daintily brought up, with patience more Than savages could suffer.
When thou wakest, if she be by, Beg of her for remedy.
When time shall serve, let but the herald cry, And I’ll appear again.
When valor preys on reason, It eats the sword it fights with.
When was it she last walked?
When we are born, we cry that we are come To this great stage of fools.
When we have matched our rackets to these balls, We will in France, by God’s grace, play a set Shall strike his father’s crown into the hazard.
When we our betters see bearing our woes, We scarcely think our miseries our foes.
When we shall meet at compt This look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven And fiends will snatch at it.
When went there by an age, since the great flood, But it was famed with more than with one man?
When were you wont to be so full of songs, sirrah?
When were you wont to use my sister thus?
When will he be here?
When you are gentle, you shall have one too, And not till then.
When you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake.—And so everyone according to his cue.
When you shall please to play the thieves for wives, I’ll watch as long for you then.
When you sued staying, Then was the time for words.
When you take occasions to see leeks hereafter, I pray you, mock at 'em, that is all.
When, without stratagem, But in plain shock and even play of battle, Was ever known so great and little loss On one part and on th' other?
When?
Whence are you, sir?
Whence came you, sir?
Whence come you?
Whence is that knocking?
Where am I?
Where America, the Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the vile beginners of this fray?
Where are these hearts?
Where are they?
Where are thy two sons?
Where art thou now?
Where art thou, Death?
Where art thou, keeper?
Where art thou, Pindarus?
Where art thou, proud Demetrius?
Where be the sacred vials thou shouldst fill With sorrowful water?
Where be these bloody thieves?
Where be these knaves?
Where be thy brothers?
Where be thy tenants and thy followers?
Where did I leave?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where died she?
Where do I dwell?
Where do you dwell?
Where dost thou hide thy head?
Where dwell you, pretty youth?
Where goes Cesario?
Where got’st thou that goose look?
Where had he wine?
Where hast thou been, my heart?
Where hast thou been, sister?
Where hast thou sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have I been?
Where have you hid yourself?
Where have you this?
Where he arrives he moves All hearts against us.
Where I have come, great clerks have purposèd To greet me with premeditated welcomes, Where I have seen them shiver and look pale, Make periods in the midst of sentences, Throttle their practiced accent in their fears, And in conclusion dumbly have broke off, Not paying me a welcome.
Where I have learned me to repent the sin Of disobedient opposition To you and your behests, and am enjoined By holy Lawrence to fall prostrate here To beg your pardon.
Where is Antony?
Where is Duncan’s body?
Where is gentle Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he gone?
Where is he now?
Where is he now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where is Lysander and fair Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Where is my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is my lady?
Where is my lord of Gloucester?
Where is my lord the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my lord?
Where is my love?
Where is my love?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?—Go, villain, fetch a surgeon.
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our usual manager of mirth?
Where is she now?—What, will these hands ne'er be clean?—No more o' that, my lord, no more o' that.
Where is she?
Where is that damnèd villain, Tranio, That faced and braved me in this matter so?
Where is that viper?
Where is the beauteous majesty of Denmark?
Where is the evidence that doth accuse me?
Where is the fellow?
Where is the foolish knave I sent before?
Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee?
Where is the horse that doth untread again His tedious measures with the unbated fire That he did pace them first?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of our English dead?
Where is the rascal cook?
Where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me?
Where is the villain, Edmund?
Where is this rash and most unfortunate man?
Where is this sight?
Where is thy husband now?
Where is thy instrument?
Where is thy leather apron and thy rule?
Where is thy luster now?
Where is thy master, Dromio?
Where is thy power, then, to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is your servant Caius?
Where is your sister, and Hortensio’s wife?
Where it seems best unto your royal self.
Where learned you this, Fool?
Where left we last?
Where lies he?
Where lies your text?
Where lodges he?
Where may we set our horses?
Where remains he?
Where runn’st thou so fast?
Where shall we dine?—O me!
Where shall we go?
Where shall we meet i' th' morning?
Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where should Othello go?— Now, how dost thou look now?
Where should she be?
Where should they be set else?
Where souls do couch on flowers, we’ll hand in hand, And with our sprightly port make the ghosts gaze.
Where the devil should he learn our language?
Where the devil should this Romeo be?
Where the place?
Where they feared the death, they have borne life away; and where they would be safe, they perish.
Where they most breed and haunt, I have observed, The air is delicate.
Where virtue is, these are more virtuous.
Where was she born?
Where we are, There’s daggers in men’s smiles.
Where we lay, Our chimneys were blown down and, as they say, Lamentings heard i' th' air, strange screams of death, And prophesying with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused events New hatched to the woeful time.
Where will the old duke live?
Where wilt thou lead me?
Where yond pine does stand I shall discover all.
Where, my lord?
Where, where, Messala, doth his body lie?
Where, where?
Where?
Where’s Antonio, then?
Where’s Antony?
Where’s Dolabella, To second Proculeius?
Where’s Monsieur Cobweb?
Where’s Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where’s my cousin Toby?
Where’s my fool, ho?
Where’s my knave, my fool?—Go you, and call my fool hither.
Where’s my son Edmund?
Where’s Peaseblossom?
Where’s Potpan, that he helps not to take away?
Where’s Publius?
Where’s Romeo?
Where’s satisfaction?
Where’s Seleucus?
Where’s that mongrel?
Where’s the cook?
Where’s the king?
Where’s the Master?
Where’s the Queen?
Where’s thy conscience now?
Where’s thy drum?
Where’s your father?
Whereat grieved— That so his sickness, age, and impotence Was falsely borne in hand—sends out arrests On Fortinbras, which he, in brief, obeys, Receives rebuke from Norway, and in fine Makes vow before his uncle never more To give th' assay of arms against your majesty.
Whereby hangs a tale, sir?
Wherefore are these things hid?
Wherefore art thou Romeo?
Wherefore did they not That hour destroy us?
Wherefore did you so?
Wherefore do you come?
Wherefore have these gifts a curtain before 'em?
Wherefore is that?
Wherefore is this?
Wherefore rejoice?
wherefore sink you down?
Wherefore speaks he this To her he hates?
Wherefore storm you so?
Wherefore this ghastly looking?
Wherefore throng you hither?
Wherefore to Dover, sir?
Wherefore to Dover?
Wherefore was that cry?
Wherefore weep I then?
Wherefore weep you?
Wherefore, bold peasant, Darest thou support a published traitor?
Wherefore, sweetheart?
Wherefore!
Wherefore?
Wherefore?
Wherefore’s this noise?
Wherein hath Caesar thus deserved your loves?
Wherein the toged consuls can propose As masterly as he.
Wherein we saw thee quietly interred, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws To cast thee up again.
Wherein went he?
Wherein, my friends, have I offended you?
Whereon I do beseech thee, grant me this, To leave me but a little to myself.
Whereon old Norway, overcome with joy,
Whether he was combined With those of Norway, or did line the rebel With hidden help and vantage, or that with both He labored in his country’s wrack, I know not; But treasons capital, confessed and proved, Have overthrown him.
Whether this be Or be not, I’ll not swear.
Which be the malefactors?
Which do not be entreated to, but weigh What it is worth embraced.
Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
Which else were shame, that then necessity Will call discreet proceeding.
Which he will put on us as pigeons feed their young.
Which I take to be either a fool or a cipher.
Which in his dearest need will fly from him.
Which is he that killed the deer?
Which is one?
Which is Sebastian?
Which is that adversary?
Which is the lady I must seize upon?
Which is the villain?
Which of them shall I take?
Which of these is he?
Which of these sorrows is he subject to?
Which of you trembles not that looks on me?
Which of you two did dine with me today?
Which of you—if you were a prince’s son Being pent from liberty, as I am now— If two such murderers as yourselves came to you, Would not entreat for life?
Which she shall purchase with still-lasting war.
Which soon he granted, Being an obstruct ’tween his lust and him.
Which they will make an obedient father.
Which way hast thou been?
Which way ran he that killed Mercutio?
Which, when I saw rehearsed, I must confess, Made mine eyes water—but more merry tears The passion of loud laughter never shed.
While grace is saying, hood mine eyes Thus with my hat, and sigh and say, “Amen”— Use all the observance of civility Like one well studied in a sad ostent To please his grandam, never trust me more.
While he was yet in Rome His power went out in such distractions as Beguiled all spies.
While one with moderate haste might tell a hundred.
While that the armèd hand doth fight abroad, Th' advisèd head defends itself at home.
While then, God be with you!
While we reason here, A royal battle might be won and lost.
While we were interchanging thrusts and blows, Came more and more and fought on part and part, Till the Prince came, who parted either part.
Whiles I threat, he lives.
Whiles we stood here securing your repose, Even now, we heard a hollow burst of bellowing Like bulls, or rather lions.
Whilst he stood up and spoke, He was my master, and I wore my life To spend upon his haters.
Whilst you were here o'erwhelmèd with your grief— A passion most resulting such a man— Cassio came hither.
Whip him, fellows, Till like a boy, you see him cringe his face And whine aloud for mercy.
Whip him.
Whip me such honest knaves.
Whip me, ye devils, From the possession of this heavenly sight!
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula Walk in the orchard, and our whole discourse Is all of her.
White-livered runagate, what doth he there?
Whither am I going?
Whither are they vanished?
Whither are you going?
Whither away?
Whither away?
Whither goest thou?
Whither indeed, before thy here-approach, Old Siward, with ten thousand warlike men, Already at a point, was setting forth.
Whither is he going?
Whither should I fly?
Whither should they come?
Whither wander you?
Whither will you that I go To answer this your charge?
Whither, my lord?—Cesario, husband, stay.
Whither?
Who alone suffers, suffers most i' th' mind, Leaving free things and happy shows behind.
Who am I, sir?
Who ambles time withal?
Who are the late commissioners?
Who are they?
Who are you?
Who bare my letter, then, to Romeo?
Who bids thee call?
Who brought it?
Who brought it?
Who builds his hopes in air of your good looks Lives like a drunken sailor on a mast, Ready with every nod to tumble down Into the fatal bowels of the deep.
Who calls so loud?
Who calls?
Who calls?
Who calls?
Who can arraign me for ’t?
Who can be wise, amazed, temp'rate, and furious, Loyal and neutral, in a moment?
Who can blot that name With any just reproach?
Who can come in and say that I mean her, When such a one as she such is her neighbor?
Who can control his fate?
Who can impress the forest, bid the tree Unfix his earthbound root?
Who cannot want the thought how monstrous It was for Malcolm and for Donalbain To kill their gracious father?
Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath.” Must give—for what?
Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath.” You shall look fairer ere I give or hazard.
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.” “As much as he deserves!”—pause there, Morocco, And weigh thy value with an even hand.
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.” And well said too—for who shall go about To cozen fortune and be honorable Without the stamp of merit?
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.” I will assume desert.—Give me a key for this, And instantly unlock my fortunes here.
Who chooseth me shall have as much as he deserves”!
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes so fast in silence of the night?
Who comes with her?
Who comes with him?
Who could be out, being before his beloved mistress?
Who could refrain, That had a heart to love, and in that heart Courage to make ’s love known?
Who dead?
Who did strike out the light?
Who does beguile you?
Who does do you wrong?
Who does he accuse?
Who does i’ th’ wars more than his captain can Becomes his captain’s captain; and ambition, The soldier’s virtue, rather makes choice of loss Than gain which darkens him.
Who does me this?
Who doth he gallop withal?
Who else should be?
Who ever knew the heavens menace so?
Who goes there, ha?
Who governs here?
Who has done this, Sir Andrew?
Who hath he left behind him general?
Who hath made this havoc with them?
Who hath measured the ground?
Who hath relieved you?
Who hath sent thee now?
Who heard me to deny it or forswear it?
Who intercepts my expedition?
Who is ’t that calls?
Who is ’t that can inform me?
Who is ’t that cried?
Who is ’t that hinders you?
Who is ’t you mean?
Who is conductor of his people?
Who is here so base that would be a bondman?
Who is here so rude that would not be a Roman?
Who is here so vile that will not love his country?
Who is it in the press that calls on me?
Who is it that can tell me who I am?
Who is it that complains unto the king That I, forsooth, am stern and love them not?
Who is it?
Who is most inward with the noble duke?
Who is next?
Who is so gross That cannot see this palpable device?
Who is that calls so coldly?
Who keeps her company?
Who knocks so hard?
Who knows he is?
Who knows if Donalbain be with his brother?
Who knows not he is dead!
Who knows not that the gentle duke is dead?
Who knows not that?
Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting?
Who knows the Lord Protector’s mind herein?
Who lies i' th' second chamber?
Who maintains 'em?
Who meets us here?
Who must hang them?
Who now the price of his dear blood doth owe?
Who of my people hold him in delay?
Who offered him the crown?
Who riseth from a feast With that keen appetite that he sits down?
Who saw Cesario, ho?
Who sent you hither?
Who serv’st thou under?
Who shall bar me from them?
Who shall begin?
Who shall stay you?
Who stays it still withal?
Who steals my purse steals trash.
Who stocked my servant?
Who sued to me for him?
Who talks of my nation?
Who talks within there?
Who then shall blame His pestered senses to recoil and start, When all that is within him does condemn Itself for being there?
Who was ’t came by?
Who was it?
Who was last with them?
Who will go with me?
Who would be jealous, then, of such a one?
Who would fardels bear, To grunt and sweat under a weary life, But that the dread of something after death, The undiscovered country from whose bourn No traveler returns, puzzles the will And makes us rather bear those ills we have Than fly to others that we know not of?
Who would not have his wife so?
Who wouldst thou serve?
Who wrongs him?
Who you are and what you would are out of my welkin, I might say “element,” but the word is overworn.
Who, he?
Who, Hero?
Who, I, my lord?
Who, I?
Who, queasy with his insolence already, Will their good thoughts call from him.
Who, Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Who?
Who?
Who’s born that day When I forget to send to Antony Shall die a beggar.
Who’s gone this morning?
Who’s here?
Who’s his lieutenant, hear you?
Who’s that which rings the bell?—Diablo, ho!
Who’s that?
Who’s there, besides foul weather?
Who’s there, in th' other devil’s name?
Who’s there?
Who’s there?
Who’s there?
Who’s within?
Whoe'er he be that in this foul proceeding Hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself And you of her, the bloody book of law You shall yourself read in the bitter letter, After your own sense, yea, though our proper son Stood in your action.
Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds And gain a husband by his liberty.— Speak, old Egeon, if thou be’st the man That hadst a wife once called Emilia, That bore thee at a burden two fair sons.
Whom should I knock?
Whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend.
Whose hand soever launched their tender hearts, Thy head, all indirectly, gave direction.
Whose house?
Whose noise is this that ones on murder?
Whose tongue?
Why “with some little train,” my Lord of Buckingham?
Why appear you with this ridiculous boldness before my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, Unapt to toil and trouble in the world, But that our soft conditions and our hearts Should well agree with our external parts?
Why are you drawn?
Why are you grown so rude?
Why are you silent?
Why are you virtuous?
Why art thou angry?
Why art thou here, Come from the farthest step of India?
Why ask you this?
Why ask you?
Why call you me “love”?
Why came I hither but to that intent?
Why came not the slave back to me when I called him.
Why comest thou?
Why did he so?
Why did you bring these daggers from the place?
Why did you laugh then, when I said “man delights not me”?
Why did you so cry out, sirs, in your sleep?
Why did you so?
Why didst thou send me forth, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why do they run away?
Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rawer breath?
Why do you cross me in this exigent?
Why do you dress me In borrowed robes?
Why do you infect yourself with them?
Why do you make such faces?
Why do you send so thick?
Why do you speak so faintly?
Why do you speak so startingly and rash?
Why do you speak to me?
Why do you speak, too, “Why blame you me to love you?”?
Why do you stay so long, my lords of France?
Why does the world report that Kate doth limp?
Why dost thou ask?
Why dost thou call him “knave”?
Why dost thou lash that whore?
Why dost thou lead these men about the streets?
Why dost thou not go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto?
Why dost thou spit at me?
Why dost thou stay?
Why dost thou use me thus?
Why dost thou wring thy hands?
Why Doth it not then our eyelids sink?
Why doth the Jew pause?
Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes?
Why grow the branches when the root is gone?
Why had I not with charitable hand Took up a beggar’s issue at my gates, Who, smirchèd thus, and mired with infamy, I might have said, “No part of it is mine; This shame derives itself from unknown loins”?
Why had I one?
Why hath thy queen Summoned me hither to this short-grassed green?
Why have you left the chamber?
Why have you stol’n upon us thus?
Why he more than another?
Why I should fear I know not, Since guiltiness I know not.
Why in that rawness left you wife and child, Those precious motives, those strong knots of love, Without leave-taking?
Why is my lord enraged against his love?
Why is this “impawned,” as you call it?
Why is this reasoned?
Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrement?
Why is your cheek so pale?
Why let it strike?
Why look you pale?
Why look you strange on me?
Why looks your grace so heavily today?
Why may not imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander till he find it stopping a bunghole?
Why might not you, my lord, receive attendance From those that she calls servants, or from mine?
Why no, boy.
Why no, no more than reason.
Why not, my lord?
Why of thy thought, Iago?
Why prat’st thou to thyself and answer’st not?
Why rail’st thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?
Why Romeo, art thou mad?
Why seek’st thou me?
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should he call her “whore”?
Why should he follow?
Why should he not?
Why should he stay, whom love doth press to go?
Why should I not?
Why should not we Be there in person?
Why should she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be sounded more than yours?
Why should the poor be flattered?
Why should their liberty than ours be more?
Why should Titania cross her Oberon?
Why should you fall into so deep an O?
Why should you think that I should woo in scorn?
Why sinks that cauldron?
Why so earnestly seek you to put up that letter?
Why so, being gone,      Why so, being gone, I am a man again.
Why so?—Ay, that way goes the game.
Why sweat they under burdens?
Why that’s with watching, ’twill away again.
Why the devil came you between us?
Why the King of France is so suddenly gone back know you the reason?
Why the wrong is but a wrong i' th' world, and having the world for your labor, ’tis a wrong in your own world, and you might quickly make it right.
Why then I think Cassio’s an honest man.
Why then, ’tis good to be a post.
Why then, alas, Do I put up that womanly defense, To say I have done no harm?
Why then, can one desire too much of a good thing?— Come, sister, you shall be the priest and marry us.—Give me your hand, Orlando.—What do you say, sister?
Why then, God forgive me.
Why then, God’s soldier be he!
Why then, good night indeed.
Why then, he is alive.
Why then, lead on.
Why then, let fall Your horrible pleasure.
Why then, my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula Are much deceived, for they did swear you did.
Why then, resolve me whether you will or no.
Why then, the beef, and let the mustard rest.
Why then, the devil give him good of it!
Why then, the mustard without the beef.
Why then, thou hast it.
Why then, thus it is: You must prepare your bosom for his knife.
Why then, to thee, thou silver treasure house.
Why then, we are awake.
Why then, you are in love.
Why then, your ambition makes it one.
Why then, your other senses grow imperfect By your eyes' anguish.
Why then, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio Have been deceived.
Why thou, loss upon loss!
Why will My lord do so?
Why will you mew her up, Signior Baptista, for this fiend of hell And make her bear the penance of her tongue?
Why wither not the leaves that want their sap?
Why would you be so fond to overcome The bonny prizer of the humorous duke?
Why—after I have cut the egg i' th' middle and eat up the meat—the two crowns of the egg.
Why,
Why,       Am I not i' th' right, old Jephthah?
Why, ’tis a cockle or a walnut shell, A knack, a toy, a trick, a baby’s cap.
Why, ’tis good to be sad and say nothing.
Why, ’tis not possible.
Why, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrown upon them.” I was one, sir, in this interlude, one Sir Topas, sir, but that’s all one.
Why, a horse.
Why, all our ranks are broke.
Why, all these should be in the lanthorn, for all these are in the moon.—But silence!
Why, and I trust I may go too, may I not?
Why, Antony.
Why, anything.
Why, art thou mad, old fellow?
Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric.
Why, as I told thee, ’tis a custom with him, I' th' afternoon to sleep.
Why, at her father’s.
Why, ay.
Why, because he was mad.
Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord.
Why, bride!
Why, but there’s many a man hath more hair than wit.
Why, but you are now well enough.
Why, by making him uncapable of Othello’s place: knocking out his brains.
Why, do not your courtier’s hands sweat?
Why, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her?
Why, Dromio?
Why, every day, tomorrow.
Why, fare thee well, King.
Why, fare thee well.
Why, farewell, Portia.
Why, Fool?
Why, for that too.
Why, for that too.
Why, friends, you go to do you know not what.
Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing.
Why, get you gone!
Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money.
Why, Gloucester, Gloucester, I’d speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Why, go to bed, and sleep.
Why, go to then.
Why, God will send more, if the man will be thankful.
Why, good sir?
Why, he drinks you with facility your Dane dead drunk; he sweats not to overthrow your Almain.
Why, he had none.
Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.
Why, he is the Prince’s jester, a very dull fool, only his gift is in devising impossible slanders.
Why, he shall never wake until the great Judgment Day.
Why, he that cuts off twenty years of life Cuts off so many years of fearing death.
Why, he was met even now As mad as the vexed sea, singing aloud, Crowned with rank fumiter and furrow-weeds, With burdocks, hemlock, nettles, cuckoo-flowers, Darnel, and all the idle weeds that grow In our sustaining corn.—A century send forth.
Why, he’s a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Why, headstrong liberty is lashed with woe.
Why, here begins his morning story right; These two Antipholuses, these two so like, And these two Dromios, one in semblance— Besides her urging of her wreck at sea— These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together.
Why, here he comes, swelling like a turkey-cock.
Why, here is the note of the fashion to testify.
Why, here’s no crab, and therefore look not sour.
Why, horns, which such as you are fain to be beholding to your wives for.
Why, how now, Adam?
Why, how now, Charmian?
Why, how now, Count, wherefore are you sad?
Why, how now, cousin!
Why, how now, daughter Katherine?
Why, how now, Dromio.
Why, how now, Hecate!
Why, how now, Juliet?
Why, how now, Kate!
Why, how now, monsieur?
Why, how now, Stephano?
Why, how now?
Why, how should she be murdered?
Why, I am glad on ’t.
Why, I am sorry for thee, gentle Silvius.
Why, I am sure, if he forfeit thou wilt not take his flesh.
Why, I can buy me twenty at any market.
Why, I have eat none yet.
Why, I pray you, is not “pig” great?
Why, I pray you?
Why, I said nothing.
Why, I think so.
Why, I will see thee at Philippi, then.
Why, i' faith, methinks she’s too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise.
Why, if thou never wast at court, thou never saw’st good manners; if thou never saw’st good manners, then thy manners must be wicked, and wickedness is sin, and sin is damnation.
Why, if two gods should play some heavenly match And on the wager lay two earthly women, And Portia one, there must be something else Pawned with the other, for the poor rude world Hath not her fellow.
Why, in good time.
Why, is it not news to hear of Petruchio’s coming?
Why, is not this better now than groaning for love?
Why, it hath bay windows transparent as barricadoes, and the clerestories toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony.
Why, it stood by her.
Why, know’st thou any harm’s intended towards him?
Why, lady!
Why, let her except, before excepted.
Why, look you how you storm!
Why, love, I say.
Why, madam, have I offered love for this, To be so flouted in this royal presence?
Why, madam, if I were your father’s dog, You should not use me so.
Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus, and we petty men Walk under his huge legs and peep about To find ourselves dishonorable graves.
Why, man, he’s a very devil.
Why, man, I saw Bassanio under sail.
Why, man, they did make love to this employment.
Why, man, what is the matter?
Why, man?
Why, man?
Why, may one ask?
Why, mistress, sure my master is horn mad.
Why, my boy?
Why, my young cousin?
Why, no, sir.
Why, no.
Why, now I see there’s mettle in thee, and even from this instant to build on thee a better opinion than ever before.
Why, now, as fast as she can marry us.
Why, now, blow wind, swell billow, and swim bark!
Why, one that swears and lies.
Why, or for what, the nobles were committed Is all unknown to me, my gracious lord.
Why, our battalia trebles that account.
Why, right, you are in the right.
Why, Rosalind!
Why, see you not?
Why, shall we turn to men?
Why, she comes to borrow nothing of them.
Why, she defies me Like Turk to Christian.
Why, she hath a face of her own.
Why, she is within.
Why, she was dead ere thou wast born.
Why, she would hang on him As if increase of appetite had grown By what it fed on, and yet, within a month— Let me not think on ’t.
Why, sir, a carpenter.
Why, sir, cobble you.
Why, sir, give the gods a thankful sacrifice.
Why, sir, he comes not.
Why, sir, her name’s a word, and to dally with that word might make my sister wanton.
Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that the bark  The fellow is distract, and so am I, And here we wander in illusions.
Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.
Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak, And speak I will.
Why, sir, what’s your conceit in that?
Why, sir, you know no house nor no such maid, Nor no such men as you have reckoned up, As Stephen Sly and old John Naps of Greece, And Peter Turph and Henry Pimpernell, And twenty more such names and men as these, Which never were, nor no man ever saw.
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day.
Why, so didst thou.
Why, so he doth, when he delivers you From this earth’s thralldom to the joys of heaven.
Why, so I did, but looked for no reply.
Why, so I did.
Why, so I do.
Why, so.
Why, so.
Why, stay and hear me speak.
Why, such is love’s transgression.
Why, sweet Othello—   I have not deserved this.
Why, tell me, is not this my Cambio?
Why, that he did—I know not what he did.
Why, that is nothing.
Why, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline, Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
Why, that the Moor first gave to Desdemona, That which so often you did bid me steal.
Why, that was he.
Why, that were covetousness.
Why, that’s all one.
Why, that’s my dainty Ariel.
Why, that’s spoken like an honest drover; so they sell bullocks.
Why, that’s the way To fool their preparation and to conquer Their most absurd intents.
Why, the end is he hath lost a ship.
Why, the enemy is loud.
Why, the honest men.
Why, the hot-blooded France that dowerless took Our youngest born—I could as well be brought To knee his throne, and, squirelike, pension beg To keep base life afoot.
Why, the night gone by.
Why, then ’tis time to arm and give direction.
Why, then All Souls' Day is my body’s doomsday.
Why, then he’ll say we stabbed him sleeping.
Why, then let’s home again.
Why, then Othello and Desdemona return again to Venice.
Why, then thou canst not break her to the lute?
Why, then you must.
Why, then, ’tis none to you, for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Why, then, build me thy fortunes upon the basis of valor.
Why, then, I care not for thee.
Why, then, let them alone till they are sober.
Why, then, some be of laughing, as, ah, ha, he!
Why, then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together and thank God you are rid of a knave.
Why, then, tomorrow I cannot serve your turn for Rosalind?
Why, then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morn.
Why, then, we kill all our women.
Why, there then!
Why, there was a crown offered him; and, being offered him, he put it by with the back of his hand, thus; and then the people fell a-shouting.
Why, there, there, there, there!
Why, there’s more gold.
Why, there’s no remedy.
Why, therefore fire, for I have caught extreme cold.
Why, this fellow has banished two on ’s daughters, and did the third a blessing against his will.
Why, this is a more exquisite song than the other.
Why, this is an arrant counterfeit rascal.
Why, this is evident to any formal capacity.
Why, this is excellent.
Why, this is not a boon, 'Tis as I should entreat you wear your gloves, Or feed on nourishing dishes, or keep you warm, Or sue to you to do a peculiar profit To your own person.
Why, this is not Lear.
Why, this it is when men are ruled by women.
Why, this that I speak of.
Why, this was molded on a porringer!
Why, this would make a man a man of salt, To use his eyes for garden water-pots, Ay, and laying autumn’s dust.
Why, this' a heavy chance ’twixt him and you, Your ancient, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.
Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit.
Why, thou hast put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him he must run mad.
Why, thou peevish sheep, What ship of Epidamnum stays for me?
Why, thou say’st true.
Why, thou sayst well.
Why, thou silly gentleman!
Why, thy godhead laid apart, Warr’st thou with a woman’s heart?
Why, thy horn is a foot, and so long am I, at the least.
Why, to keep one’s eyes of either side ’s nose, that what a man cannot smell out, he may spy into.
Why, to put ’s head in—not to give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case.
Why, true, he means to make a puppet of thee.
Why, uncle, ’tis a shame.
Why, very well then.
Why, we are still handling our ewes, and their fells, you know, are greasy.
Why, we have galls, and though we have some grace, Yet have we some revenge.
Why, we shall make him mad indeed.
Why, well.
Why, what a king is this!
Why, what a monstrous fellow art thou, thus to rail on one that is neither known of thee nor knows thee!
Why, what an ass am I!
Why, what an intricate impeach is this!
Why, what are you?
Why, what canst thou tell, my boy?
Why, what did I?
Why, what effects of passion shows she?
Why, what else?
Why, what i' devil’s name, tailor, call’st thou this?
Why, what is that to you?
Why, what is Tybalt?
Why, what make you here?
Why, what should be the fear?
Why, what should you fear?
Why, what would you?
Why, what wouldst thou do there before I go?
Why, what you will.
Why, what’s a moveable?
Why, what’s the matter?
Why, what’s the matter?
Why, wherefore ask you this?
Why, whither shall we go?
Why, whither, Adam, wouldst thou have me go?
Why, who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch?
Why, whose is it?
Why, why is this?
Why, would not you?
Why, would that have mended my hair?
Why, you gave no gold to me!
Why, you must not speak that yet.
Why, you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman, for I cannot see how sleeping should offend.
Why, you speak truth.
Why, you were with him, were you not?
Why, your lieutenant, Cassio.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Widow Dido” said you?
Wife, children, servants, all that could be found.
Wife!
Will ’t please you taste of what is here?
Will ’t please your highness walk?
Will ’t please your Honor taste of these conserves?
Will ’t please your Mightiness to wash your hands?
Will Caesar speak?
Will either of you bear me a challenge to him?
Will he bring his power?
Will he tell us what this show meant?
Will it be ever thus?
Will it eat me?
Will it give place to flexure and low bending?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Will it not be received, When we have marked with blood those sleepy two Of his own chamber and used their very daggers, That they have done ’t?
Will it not be?
Will money buy 'em?
Will not he?
Will not King Richard let me speak with him?
Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion?
Will not the mayor then and his brethren come?
Will she go now to bed?
Will they not say afterwards, if they should grow themselves to common players (as it is most like if their means are no better), their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession?
Will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing?
Will you be married, motley?
Will you be patient?
Will you come presently?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Will you deny me now?
Will you dine with me tomorrow?
Will you dispatch us here under this tree, or shall we go with you to your chapel?
Will you enforce me to a world of cares?
Will you give her o'er?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or else shall I?— What’s this?
Will you go hear this news, Signior?
Will you go hunt, my lord?
Will you go see the order of the course?
Will you go to them?
Will you go with me?
Will you go, coz?
Will you go, sister?—Shepherd, ply her hard.
Will you go?
Will you go?
Will you grant with me That Ferdinand is drowned?
Will you have her?
Will you have me, lady?
Will you have some more sauce to your leek?
Will you hear ’t again?
Will you hear me, Roderigo?
Will you hear the letter?
Will you help?—An ass-head, and a coxcomb, and a knave, a thin-faced knave, a gull!
Will you hoist sail, sir?
Will you know them then?
Will you lead, lords?
Will you let it fall?
Will you mock at an ancient tradition begun upon an honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of predeceased valor, and dare not avouch in your deeds any of your words?
Will you not tell me who told you so?
Will you play upon this pipe?
Will you pleasure me?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears?
Will you shog off?
Will you speak well of him that killed your cousin?
Will you stay awhile?
Will you sup there?
Will you sup with me tonight, Casca?
Will you tell me that?
Will you think so?
Will you to Scone?
Will you two help to hasten them?
Will you walk in to see their gossiping?
Will you walk towards him?
Will you walk, sir?—O Desdemona— My lord?
Will you withdraw?
Will you yield and this avoid Or, guilty in defense, be thus destroyed?
Will you, I pray, demand that demi-devil Why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body?
Will your grace command me any service to the world’s end?
William, sir.
Wilt break my heart?
Wilt come?
Wilt thou at Ninny’s tomb meet me straightway?
Wilt thou be gone?
Wilt thou be lord of the whole world?
Wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit I made to thee?
Wilt thou change fathers?
Wilt thou destroy him then?
Wilt thou go to bed, Malvolio?
Wilt thou have me?
Wilt thou have music?
Wilt thou know Th' effect of what I wrote?
Wilt thou lay hands on me, villain?
Wilt thou lift up Olympus?
Wilt thou make a trust a transgression?
Wilt thou not answer, man?
Wilt thou not, Jule?” It stinted and said “ay.” And stint thou too, I pray thee, Nurse, say I.
Wilt thou provoke me?
Wilt thou rest damned?
Wilt thou set thy foot o' my neck?
Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant?
Wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue?
Wilt thou, O God, fly from such gentle lambs And throw them in the entrails of the wolf?
Wilt thou, Silvius?
Wilt thou, Strato?
Win me and wear me!
Wine loved I deeply, dice dearly, and in woman outparamoured the Turk.
Winter garments must be lined, So must slender Rosalind.
Wipe thine eyes.
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile.
Wisdom!
Wisely and slow.
Wit shall not go unrewarded while I am king of this country.
With all my heart I’ll gossip at this feast.
With all my heart, and it doth much content me To hear him so inclined.
With all my heart, and much it joys me too To see you are become so penitent.— Tressel and Berkeley, go along with me.
With all my heart, good youth.
With all my heart, so thou canst get a wife.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.—Some three or four of you Go give him courteous conduct to this place.— Meantime the court shall hear Bellario’s letter.
With an eye of green in ’t.
With anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, not with love.
With another, for tying his new shoes with old ribbon?
With any strong or vehement importunity.
With bills on their necks: “Be it known unto all men by these presents.”  The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler, which Charles in a moment threw him and broke three of his ribs, that there is little hope of life in him.
With Cassio, mistress.
With cunning hast thou filched my daughter’s heart, Turned her obedience (which is due to me) To stubborn harshness.—And, my gracious duke, Be it so she will not here before your grace Consent to marry with Demetrius, I beg the ancient privilege of Athens.
With Demetrius.
With drinking healths to my niece.
With duty and desire we follow you.
With good acceptance of his Majesty— Save that there was not time enough to hear, As I perceived his Grace would fain have done, The severals and unhidden passages Of his true titles to some certain dukedoms, And generally to the crown and seat of France, Derived from Edward, his great-grandfather.
With her, on her, what you will.
With him I sent the queen, My reason all the same, and they are ready Tomorrow or at further space t' appear Where you shall hold your session.
With him is Gratiano gone along.
With him?
With his eyes full of anger.
With his mouth full of news.
With his own bolt;     the strong-based promontory Have I made shake, and by the spurs plucked up The pine and cedar; graves at my command Have waked their sleepers, oped, and let 'em forth By my so potent art.
With lawyers in the vacation, for they sleep between term and term, and then they perceive not how time moves.
With meditating that she must die once, I have the patience to endure it now.
With much, much more dismay I view the fight than thou that makest the fray.
With naught but truth.
With news the time’s with labor, and throws forth Each minute some.
With no less religion than if thou wert indeed my Rosalind.
With no sauce that can be devised to it.
With one fool’s head I came to woo, But I go away with two.— Sweet, adieu.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
With robbers' hands my hospitable favors You should not ruffle thus.
With Rosaline, my ghostly Father?
With sweetest touches pierce your mistress' ear, And draw her home with music.
With the earl, sir, here within.
With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove an ass.
With the same 'havior that your passion bears Goes on my master’s grief.
With this strange virtue, He hath a heavenly gift of prophecy, And sundry blessings hang about his throne, That speak him full of grace.
With this, my lord, myself have naught to do.
With what addition?
With what I get, I mean, and so do they.
With what persuasion did he tempt thy love?
With what, i' th' name of God?
With who?
With whom?
Withdraw thee, wretched Margaret.
Withdraw, my lord.
Within a month, Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears Had left the flushing in her gallèd eyes, She married.
Within my sword’s length set him; if he ’scape, Heaven forgive him too.
Within my tent his bones tonight shall lie Most like a soldier, ordered honorably.
Within our files there are, Of those that served Mark Antony but late, Enough to fetch him in.
Within the infant rind of this small flower Poison hath residence and medicine power.
Within these ten days if that thou beest found So near our public court as twenty miles, Thou diest for it.
Within these three days let me hear thee say That Cassio’s not alive.
Within these two months—that’s a month before This bond expires—I do expect return Of thrice three times the value of this bond.
Within this half hour will he be asleep.
Within this hour I was his bondman sir, But he, I thank him, gnawed in two my cords.
Within this hour it will be dinnertime.
Within this roof The enemy of all your graces lives.
Within this three hours will fair Juliet wake.
Within this three mile may you see it coming; I say, a moving grove.
Without contradiction I have heard that.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Without, my lord; guarded, to know your pleasure.
Witless else her son.
Witness you That he is borne about invisible.
Witness, you ever-burning lights above, You elements that clip us round about, Witness that here Iago doth give up The execution of his wit, hands, heart, To wronged Othello’s service.
Wo, ha, ho!
Woe that too late repents!—   Is it your will?
Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood!
Woe to the land that’s governed by a child.
Woe, alas!
Woe, woe are we, sir, you may not live to wear All your true followers out.
Woe, woe for England!
Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Women’s gentle brain Could not drop forth such giant-rude invention, Such Ethiop words, blacker in their effect Than in their countenance.
Wonder not Nor be grieved.
Wonder not till further warrant.
Wondrous heavy.
Woo’t fast?
Woo’t fight?
Woo’t tear thyself?
Woo’t thou fight well?
Woo’t weep?
Wooed me to steal it, but she so loves the token (For he conjured her she should ever keep it) That she reserves it evermore about her To kiss and talk to.
Words before blows.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Words, words, words.
Work, work your thoughts, and therein see a siege.
World, world, O world!
Worse and worse!
Worse and worse.
Worthily spoken, Maecenas.
Worthy gentleman!
Worthy Macbeth, we stay upon your leisure.
Worthy Montano, you were wont be civil.
Worthy Othello, I am hurt to danger.
Worthy prince, I know ’t.
Wot you what, my lord?
Would ’t had been done!
Would ’twere done.
Would all the world but he had quite forsworn!
Would all were well—but that will never be.
Would he deny his letter, said he?
Would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia?
Would he not be a comfort to our travel?
Would I could answer This comfort with the like.
Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven Or ever I had seen that day, Horatio.
Would I had two coxcombs and two daughters.
Would I might But ever see that man!
Would I might never O’ertake pursued success, but I do feel, By the rebound of yours, a grief that smites My very heart at root.
Would I were able to load him with his desert!
Would I were assured Of my condition.
Would I were in an alehouse in London!
Would I were satisfied!
Would I were sleep and peace, so sweet to rest.
Would I were so too.
Would it be better, madam, than I am?
Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a piece of valiant dust?
Would it not make one weep?
Would it were day!
Would it were mortal poison for thy sake.
Would Katherine had never seen him, though!
Would none but I might venge my cousin’s death!
Would not they speak?
Would she had never given you leave to come!
Would she were hearsed at my foot and the ducats in her coffin!
Would that alone o' love he would detain, So he would keep fair quarter with his bed.
Would that fault were mine!
Would that he were gone!
Would the night were come!
Would they had stayed.
Would they were basilisks to strike thee dead.
Would thou and those thy scars had once prevailed To make me fight at land!
Would thou’dst be ruled by me!
Would you buy her, that you enquire after her?
would you create me new?
Would you desire lime and hair to speak better?
Would you had never seen him!
Would you not have me honest?
Would you not swear, All you that see her, that she were a maid By these exterior shows?
Would you praise Caesar, say “Caesar.” Go no further.
Would you were not sick!
Would you would bear your fortune like a man!
Would you, the supervisor, grossly gape on, Behold her topped?
Would?
Wouldst thou aught with me?
Wouldst thou betray me?
Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?
Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?
Wouldst thou give 'em all?
Wouldst thou have that Which thou esteem’st the ornament of life, And live a coward in thine own esteem, Letting “I dare not” wait upon “I would, ” Like the poor cat i' th' adage?
Wouldst thou not be glad to have the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by some notable shame?
Wouldst thou withdraw it?
Wrench his sword from him.
Wrinkles forbid!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”—Masters, do you serve God?
Write down Prince John a villain.
Write from us to him.
Write loyal cantons of contemned love And sing them loud even in the dead of night.
Write me a prologue, and let the prologue seem to say we will do no harm with our swords, and that Pyramus is not killed indeed.
Write them together, yours is as fair a name.
Write to him— I will subscribe—gentle adieus and greetings.
Write to me very shortly, And you shall understand from me her mind.
Wrong hath but wrong, and blame the due of blame.
Wrong I mine enemies?
Wrong not her birth.
Y' have ungently, Brutus, Stole from my bed.
Y'are a baggage, the Slys are no rogues.
Yare, lower, lower!
Yare, yare, good Iras, quick.
Ye gods, it doth amaze me A man of such a feeble temper should So get the start of the majestic world And bear the palm alone.
Ye say honestly.
Yea, an ’twere a thousand pound more than ’tis, for I hear as good exclamation on your Worship as of any man in the city, and though I be but a poor man, I am glad to hear it.
Yea, and I will weep a while longer.
Yea, and paid me richly for the practice of it.
Yea, and text underneath: “Here dwells Benedick the married man”?
Yea, and the best person too.
Yea, art thou there?
Yea, but so I am apt to do myself wrong.
Yea, but you must not make the full show of this till you may do it without controlment.
Yea, by Mass, that it is.
Yea, dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth?
Yea, even I alone.
Yea, from the table of my memory I’ll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past That youth and observation copied there, And thy commandment all alone shall live Within the book and volume of my brain, Unmixed with baser matter.
Yea, is the worst well?
Yea, just so much as you may take upon a knife’s point and choke a daw withal.
Yea, leave that labor to great Hercules, And let it be more than Alcides' twelve.
Yea, marry, dost thou hear, Balthasar?
Yea, marry, let them come before me.
Yea, marry, that’s the eftest way.—Let the watch come forth.
Yea, my good lord.
Yea, my lord, but I can cross it.
Yea, my lord.
Yea, noise?
Yea, or to paint himself?
Yea, Richard, when I know, for I protest As yet I do not.
Yea, Signior, and depart when you bid me.
Yea, sir, we hope.
Yea, that she did.
Yea, the same.
Yea, very force entangles Itself with strength.
Yea, wherefore should she not?
Yea, yea, my lord.
Yea,” quoth he, “Dost thou fall upon thy face?
Yea,” quoth my husband, “Fall’st upon thy face?
Yearly will I do this rite.
Yes indeed.
Yes, ’tis Emilia.— 'Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio’s death, The noise was high.
Yes, a dozen, and as many to th' vantage as would store the world they played for.
Yes, and shall do till the pangs of death shake him.
Yes, as sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion.
Yes, being kept together and put to use.
Yes, bring me word, boy, if thy lord look well, For he went sickly forth.
Yes, by heaven!
Yes, by Saint Anne, and ginger shall be hot i' the mouth too.
Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offense too.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement: That God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, certainly, and out of doubt and out of question, too, and ambiguities.
Yes, faith, and all his lords, the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain.
Yes, faith, will I, Fridays and Saturdays and all.
Yes, faith.
Yes, gracious madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I have gained my experience.
Yes, I intend so.
Yes, I know thee to be Signior Lucentio.
Yes, in truth it is, sir.
Yes, it is apparel.
Yes, just.
Yes, madam, he was of that consort.
Yes, madam.
Yes, marry, sir.
Yes, my conscience, He did us great good.
Yes, nightingales answer daws!
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Yes, one, and in this manner.
Yes, other men have ill luck too.
Yes, Shylock, I will seal unto this bond.
Yes, sir, but anger hath a privilege.
Yes, sir, I have indeed.
Yes, sir.
Yes, something you can deny for your own safety: you have been a great thief by sea.
Yes, sooth, and so do you.
Yes, that the king is dead.
Yes, that thou didst.
Yes, that you did, sir, and forswore it too.
Yes, the fashion is the fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, truly, for look you, the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you have seen Cassio and she together.
Yes.
Yet ’tis the plague to great ones, Prerogatived are they less than the base.
Yet again?
Yet am I noble as the adversary I come to cope withal.
Yet at the first I saw the treasons planted.
Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself.
Yet Benedick was such another, and now is he become a man.
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious, And Brutus is an honorable man.
Yet but three?
Yet Caesar shall go forth, for these predictions Are to the world in general as to Caesar.
Yet could I bear that too, well, very well.
Yet Count Claudio may hear, for what I would speak of concerns him.
Yet do I not use my horse for my mistress, or any such proverb so little kin to the purpose.
Yet Edmund was beloved.
Yet fortune cannot recompense me better Than to die well, and not my master’s debtor.
Yet have I left a daughter.
Yet he hath ever but slenderly known himself.
Yet he looks successfully.
Yet hear me speak.
Yet hear me, countrymen.
Yet here she is allowed her virgin crants, Her maiden strewments, and the bringing home Of bell and burial.
Yet here, Laertes?
Yet here’s a spot.
Yet his means are in supposition.
Yet I beseech you, If you think fit, or that it may be done, Give me advantage of some brief discourse With Desdemona alone.
Yet I cannot choose but laugh To think it should leave crying and say “ay.” And yet, I warrant, it had upon its brow A bump as big as a young cockerel’s stone, A perilous knock, and it cried bitterly.
Yet I hate not Orlando.
Yet I have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds.
Yet I have not seen So likely an ambassador of love.
Yet I insisted; yet you answered not, But with an angry wafture of your hand Gave sign for me to leave you.
Yet I love thee too.
Yet I persuade myself to speak the truth Shall nothing wrong him.
Yet I profess curing it by counsel.
Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.
Yet I suppose him virtuous, know him noble, Of great estate, of fresh and stainless youth.
Yet I will adventure.
Yet I’ll not shed her blood, Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow And smooth as monumental alabaster.
Yet if thou say Antony lives, is well, Or friends with Caesar, or not captive to him, I’ll set thee in a shower of gold and hail Rich pearls upon thee.
Yet if you there Did practice on my state, your being in Egypt Might be my question.
Yet in faith, if you did, it would not much approve me.
Yet is this no charm for the toothache.—Old Signior, walk aside with me.
Yet it was said It should not stand in thy posterity, But that myself should be the root and father Of many kings.
Yet keep the French the field.
Yet leave our cousin Katherine here with us.
Yet let me weep for such a feeling loss.
Yet marked I where the bolt of Cupid fell.
Yet must not we put the strong law on him.
Yet my heart Throbs to know one thing.
Yet once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him, He shall not die; so much we tender him.
Yet poor old heart, he holp the heavens to rain.
Yet put it out, for I would not be seen.
Yet say I, he is in love.
Yet she must die, else she’ll betray more men.
Yet that is but a crushed necessity, Since we have locks to safeguard necessaries And pretty traps to catch the petty thieves.
Yet the gold bides still That others touch, and often touching will Wear gold; yet no man that hath a name By falsehood and corruption doth it shame.
Yet there he was, and there I found this credit, That he did range the town to seek me out.
Yet they are not joined.
Yet this I will not do, do how I can.
Yet this is your harmless fairy, monster.
Yet thou didst kill my children.
Yet thou liest in the bleak air.
Yet touch this sparingly, as ’twere far off, Because, my lord, you know my mother lives.
Yet what can it when one can not repent?
Yet words do well When he that speaks them pleases those that hear.
Yet would I knew That stroke would prove the worst!
Yet would not so have been, Durst I have done my will.
Yet you are withered.
Yet you began rudely.
Yet you have all the vantage of her wrong.
Yet you will be hanged for being so long absent.
Yet you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear, As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere.
Yet, coming from him, that great med’cine hath With his tinct gilded thee.
Yet, forgive me, God, That I do brag thus.
Yet, if you be out, sir, I can mend you.
Yet, in reason, no man should possess him with any appearance of fear, lest he, by showing it, should dishearten his army.
Yet, when I saw it last, it was besmeared As black as Vulcan in the smoke of war.
Yet, when we can entreat an hour to serve, We would spend it in some words upon that business, If you would grant the time.
Yield, cur.
Yon light is not daylight, I know it, I.
Yon ribaudred nag of Egypt— Whom leprosy o’ertake!—i’ th’ midst o’ th’ fight, When vantage like a pair of twins appeared Both as the same, or rather ours the elder, The breeze upon her, like a cow in June, Hoists sails and flies.
Yond island carrions, desperate of their bones, Ill-favoredly become the morning field.
Yond same black cloud, yond huge one, looks like a foul bombard that would shed his liquor.
Yonder comes my master, your brother.
Yonder sure they are coming.
Yonder they lie, the poor old man their father making such pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part with weeping.
Yonder, sir, he walks.
You a man?
You advise me well.
You all did see that on the Lupercal I thrice presented him a kingly crown, Which he did thrice refuse.
You all do know this mantle.
You always end with a jade’s trick.
You amaze me.
You appeared to me but as a common man.
You are a councilor.
You are a counterfeit cowardly knave.
You are a fishmonger.
You are a fool.
You are a fool.—You, niece, provide yourself.
You are a lover.
You are a merry man, sir.
You are a royal one, and we obey you.
You are a saucy boy.
You are a senator!
You are a spirit, I know.
You are almost come to part almost a fray.
You are an ass, you are an ass!
You are as well provided of both as any prince in the world.
You are both sure, and will assist me?
You are deceived.
You are dull, Casca, and those sparks of life That should be in a Roman you do want, Or else you use not.
You are early stirring.
You are full of pretty answers.
You are gentlemen of brave mettle.
You are he, you are he.
You are i' the right, sir, ’tis for my mistress.
You are idle, shallow things.
You are in the right.
You are looked for and called for, asked for and sought for, in the great chamber.
You are merry, my lord.
You are my elder.
You are my true and honorable wife, As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart.
You are naught, you are naught.
You are not ignorant of what excellence Laertes is—
You are not Pinch’s patient, are you, sir?
You are not wood, you are not stones, but men.
You are not, Cassius.
You are now out of your text.
You are now within a foot Of th' extreme verge.
You are passing welcome, And so I pray you all to think yourselves.
You are pictures out of door, bells in your parlors, wild-cats in your kitchens, saints in your injuries, devils being offended, players in your housewifery, and housewives in your beds.
You are rather point-device in your accouterments, as loving yourself than seeming the lover of any other.
You are resolute, then?
You are the lord of duty.
You are their heir, you sit upon their throne, The blood and courage that renownèd them Runs in your veins; and my thrice-puissant liege Is in the very May-morn of his youth, Ripe for exploits and mighty enterprises.
You are there followed by a faithful shepherd.
You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch; therefore bear you the lantern.
You are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.
You are too hot.
You are too indulgent.
You are too much mistaken in this king.
You are unkind, Demetrius.
You are very sensible, and yet you miss my sense: I mean, Hortensio is afeard of you.
You are very welcome, sir.
You are very well met.
You are welcome for his sake.
You are welcome to Elsinore.
You are welcome, masters, welcome, all!—I am glad to see thee well.—Welcome, good friends.—O old friend?
You are welcome, sir, to Cyprus.
You are welcome, sir.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are well fleshed.
You are, and do not know ’t.
You beastly knave, know you no reverence?
You best know the place.
You bid me make it orderly and well, According to the fashion and the time.
You break jests as braggarts do their blades, which, God be thanked, hurt not.—My lord, for your many courtesies I thank you.
You bring me out.
You call me misbeliever, cutthroat dog, And spet upon my Jewish gaberdine— And all for use of that which is mine own.
You can do better yet, but this is meetly.
You can fool no more money out of me at this throw.
You cannot better be employed, Bassanio, Than to live still and write mine epitaph.
You cannot feed capons so.
You cannot revel into dukedoms there.
You cannot, if my heart were in your hand, Nor shall not, whilst ’tis in my custody.
You cannot, sir, take from me any thing that I will more willingly part withal—except my life, except my life, except my life.
You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout Till you have drenched our steeples, drowned the cocks!
You charge me most unjustly.
You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers That bear this heavy mutual load of moan, Now cheer each other in each other’s love.
You come most carefully upon your hour.
You come not Like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me and you say, “Shylock, we would have moneys.” You say so!— You, that did void your rheum upon my beard And foot me as you spurn a stranger cur Over your threshold!
You come with letters against the king and take Vanity the puppet’s part against the royalty of her father.
You could never do him so ill-well unless you were the very man.
You could, for a need, study a speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set down and insert in ’t, could you not?
You cram these words into mine ears against The stomach of my sense.
You dare easier be friends with me than fight with mine enemy.
You did know How much you were my conqueror, and that My sword, made weak by my affection, would Obey it on all cause.
You did.
You do advance your cunning more and more.
You do assist the storm.
You do but dally.
You do extend These thoughts of horror further than you shall Find cause in Caesar.
You do love my lord.
You do me wrong to take me out o' th' grave.
You do mistake me, sir.
You do mistake your business.
You do not mind the play.
You do remember all the circumstance?
You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant.
You durst not so have tempted him.
You embrace your charge too willingly.
You English princes all, I do salute you.
You envy my advancement, and my friends'.
You ever gentle gods, take my breath from me.
You forget yourself To hedge me in.
You gentle Romans—     Peace, ho!
You go to seek the Lord Hamlet.
You had musty victual, and he hath holp to eat it.
You have a daughter called Elizabeth, Virtuous and fair, royal and gracious.
You have among you killed a sweet and innocent lady.
You have among you many a purchased slave, Which—like your asses and your dogs and mules— You use in abject and in slavish parts Because you bought them.
You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.
You have astonished him.
You have been factious one against the other.— Wife, love Lord Hastings.
You have been hotly called for.
You have been nobly borne.
You have broken The article of your oath, which you shall never Have tongue to charge me with.
You have dancing shoes With nimble soles.
You have displaced the mirth, broke the good meeting, With most admired disorder.
You have done that you should be sorry for.
You have done well by water.
You have done well, That men must lay their murders on your neck.
You have forgot the will I told you of.
You have good judgment in horsemanship.
You have heard him swear downright he was.
You have heard much.
You have her father’s love, Demetrius.
You have it full, Benedick.
You have killed a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you.
You have known what you should not.
You have little cause to say so.
You have lost no reputation at all unless you repute yourself such a loser.
You have loved him well.
You have made me offer Of Sicily, Sardinia.
You have me, have you not?
You have my consent.
You have no stomach, Signior.
You have not been abed, then?
You have not called me so, nor have you cause.
You have not seen such a thing as ’tis.
You have obtained it.
You have of late stood out against your brother, and he hath ta'en you newly into his grace, where it is impossible you should take true root but by the fair weather that you make yourself.
You have prevailed.
You have put him down, lady, you have put him down.
You have said now.
You have said, but whether wisely or no, let the forest judge.
You have said, sir.
You have seen cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You have seen nothing then?
You have served me well, And kings have been your fellows.
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate.
You have some cause; they have not.
You have spoken truer than you purposed.
You have stayed me in a happy hour.
You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should.
You have told me she hath received them and returned me expectations and comforts of sudden respect and acquaintance, but I find none.
You have too courtly a wit for me.
You have too much respect upon the world.
You have trained me like a peasant, obscuring and hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities.
You have, my lord.
You hear him all night.
You hear how he importunes me.
You hear the suit.
You heard her say herself it was not I.
You jig and amble, and you lisp, you nickname God’s creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance.
You keep by land The legions and the horse whole, do you not?
You kill me to deny it.
You kiss by th' book.
You knew my father well, and in him me, Left solely heir to all his lands and goods, Which I have bettered rather than decreased.
You knew—none so well, none so well as you—of my daughter’s flight.
You know he does.
You know I gave it you even now.
You know I gave it you half an hour since.
You know I say nothing to him, for he understands not me, nor I him.
You know me by my habit.
You know me well, and herein spend but time To wind about my love with circumstance.
you know me well.
You know me well.
You know my mind.
You know no Centaur?
You know not how to choose a man.
You know not what you do.
You know not Whether it was his wisdom or his fear.
You know not why we came to visit you— Thus out of season, threading dark-eyed night.
You know sometimes he walks four hours together Here in the lobby.
You know that I held Epicurus strong And his opinion.
You know that you are Brutus that speak this, Or, by the gods, this speech were else your last.
You know the character to be your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
You know, he brought me out o' favor with my lady about a bear-baiting here.
You lack a man’s heart.
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.
You lie out on ’t, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
You lie up to the hearing of the gods.
You lie.
You look angerly.
You look as you had something more to say.
You look not well, Signor Antonio.
You look pale, and gaze, And put on fear, and cast yourself in wonder To see the strange impatience of the heavens.
You look wearily.
You love me not.
You make me study of that.
You mar our labor.
You may as well do anything most hard, As seek to soften that—than which what’s harder?— His Jewish heart.
You may as well go about to turn the sun to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock’s feather.
You may as well say, that’s a valiant flea that dare eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You may be pleased to catch at mine intent By what did here befall me.
You may be rightly just, Whatever I shall think.
You may do then in time.
You may do your will, But he’s a tried and valiant soldier.
You may gather more.
You may go to the devil’s dam!
You may have very fit occasion for ’t.
You may light on a husband that hath no beard.
You may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.
You may tell every finger I have with my ribs.
You may think I love you not.
You may think perchance that I think you are in love.
You may, sir.
You mean, to bear me, not to bear with me.— Uncle, my brother mocks both you and me.
You men of Cyprus, let her have your knees.
You might do much.
You might have come before.
You might have saved me my pains to have taken it away yourself.
You minion, you, are these your customers?
You mistake, sir, you mistake, sir.
You mistake, sir.
You mock me, madam.
You mock me, sir.
You must away tonight.
You must awhile be patient.
You must be father to your brother’s daughter, And give her to young Claudio.
You must bear with me.
You must call forth the watch that are their accusers.
You must contrary me.
You must have patience, madam.
You must leave this.
You must needs yield your reason, Sir Andrew.
You must not deny me.
You must not look so sour.
You must not stay here longer.
You must not think I am so simple but I know the devil himself will not eat a woman.
You must not think then that I am drunk.
You must not, sir, mistake my niece.
You must note beside, That we have tried the utmost of our friends, Our legions are brim-full, our cause is ripe.
You must play Pyramus.—And Flute, you Thisbe.
You must say “paragon.” A “paramour” is, God bless us, a thing of naught.
You must sing  This nothing’s more than matter.
You must think this, look you, that the worm will do his kind.
You must to Parthia.
You must translate.
You need not fear, lady, the having any of these lords.
You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames Into her scornful eyes!
You or any man living may be drunk at a time, man.
You pay him then.
You peasant swain!
You peers, continue this united league.
You praise yourself By laying defects of judgment to me, but You patched up your excuses.
You received no gold?
You rise to play and go to bed to work.
You rub the sore When you should bring the plaster.
You said the enemy would not come down But keep the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh upon you?
You saw they speak us fair, give us gold.
You say he dined at home; the goldsmith here Denies that saying.
You say not right, old man.
You say very true, scald knave, when God’s will is.
You say well.
You say you are a better soldier.
You say you do not know the lady’s mind.
You scarcely have the hearts to tell me so, And therefore cannot have the hearts to do it.
You see an ass head of your own, do you?
You see her eyes are open.
You see how easily she may be surprised.
You see how full of changes his age is.
You see how simple and how fond I am.
You see me here, you gods, a poor old man, As full of grief as age, wretched in both.
You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I stand Such as I am.
You sent me for a rope’s end as soon.
You sent me to the bay, sir, for a bark.
You shall advise me in all for Cleopatra.
You shall be a woodmonger and buy nothing of me but cudgels.
You shall be king.
You shall be more beloving than beloved.
You shall be soon dispatched with fair conditions.
You shall close prisoner rest Till that the nature of your fault be known To the Venetian state.—Come, bring him away.
You shall confess that you are both deceived.
You shall do marvelous wisely, good Reynaldo, Before you visit him, to make inquire Of his behavior.
You shall do small respect, show too bold malice Against the grace and person of my master, Stocking his messenger.
You shall find me apt enough to that, sir, an you will give me occasion.
You shall have anything.
You shall have gold To pay the petty debt twenty times over.
You shall have leave.
You shall have letters from me to my son In your behalf, to meet you on the way.
You shall Have letters from me to some friends that will Sweep your way for you.
You shall have none ill, sir, for I’ll try if they can lick their fingers.
You shall have ransom.
You shall have some part of your will.
You shall have the mustard Or else you get no beef of Grumio.
You shall have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do.
You shall have wine enough, my lord, anon.
You shall hear me.
You shall hear more by midnight.
You shall hear more.
You shall know more hereafter.
You shall mark Many a duteous and knee-crooking knave That (doting on his own obsequious bondage) Wears out his time much like his master’s ass For naught but provender, and when he’s old, cashiered.
You shall never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue.
You shall not choose but drink before you go.
You shall not find, Though you be therein curious, the least cause For what you seem to fear.
You shall not gauge me By what we do tonight.
You shall not go, my lord.
You shall not go.
You shall not in your funeral speech blame us, But speak all good you can devise of Caesar, And say you do ’t by our permission.
You shall not seal to such a bond for me!
You shall not stir out of your house today.
You shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will.
You shall read us the will, Caesar’s will.
You shall see anon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You shall try but one fall.
You shall, Mark Antony.
You shall, my lord.
You should ask me what time o' day.
You should be ruled and led By some discretion that discerns your state Better than you yourself.
You should for that have reprehended him.
You should hear reason.
You should then have accosted her, and with some excellent jests, fire-new from the mint, you should have banged the youth into dumbness.
You slave, you cur!
You speak all your part at once, cues and all.—Pyramus, enter.
You speak not as you think.
You speak this to fetch me in, my lord.
You speak to Casca, and to such a man That is no fleering telltale.
You speak too bitterly.
You spoke not with her since?
You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither.
You stand amazed, But be of comfort.
You stand.
You stayed well by ’t in Egypt.
You strike my people, and your disordered rabble Make servants of their betters.
You sulfurous and thought-executing fires, Vaunt-couriers of oak-cleaving thunderbolts, Singe my white head!
You sunburnt sicklemen of August weary, Come hither from the furrow and be merry.
You swore to me when I did give it you That you would wear it till your hour of death, And that it should lie with you in your grave.
You take my house when you do take the prop That doth sustain my house.
You take my life When you do take the means whereby I live.
You take pleasure then in the message?
You take your pennyworths now.
You talk!
You tallow face!
You taught me first to beg, and now methinks You teach me how a beggar should be answered.
You taught me language, and my profit on ’t Is I know how to curse.
You tell us the manner of the wrestling.
You the like loss?
You think I’ll weep?
You think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes.
You think of him too much.
You thought because he could not speak English in the native garb, he could not therefore handle an English cudgel.
You told a lie, an odious, damnèd lie.
You told me so.
You told me you salute not at the court but you kiss your hands.
You touched my vein at first.
You tremble and look pale.
You understand me?
You use this dalliance to excuse Your breach of promise to the Porpentine.
You were best go in.
You were best knock louder.
You were best to tell Antonio what you hear— Yet do not suddenly, for it may grieve him.
You were kneeled to and importuned otherwise By all of us, and the fair soul herself Weighed between loathness and obedience, at Which end o' th' beam should bow.
You were sent for, and there is a kind of confession in your looks which your modesties have not craft enough to color.
You were the word of war.
You were to blame, I must be plain with you, To part so slightly with your wife’s first gift, A thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger And so riveted with faith unto your flesh.
You whoreson malt-horse drudge!
You will answer, “The slaves are ours.” So do I answer you.
You will be schoolmaster And undertake the teaching of the maid: That’s your device.
You will be whipped.
You will compel me, then, to read the will?
You will have Gremio to keep you fair.
You will lose this wager, my lord.
You will never run mad, niece.
You will not then?
You will take little delight in it, I can tell you, there is such odds in the man.
You would all this time have proved there is no time for all things.
You would be satisfied?
You would lift the moon out of her sphere if she would continue in it five weeks without changing.
You would say so, master, if your garments were thin.
You would seem to know my stops.
You wrong me every way.
You wrong me more, sir, in denying it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
You wrong me, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write in such a case.
You, as your business and desire shall point you— For every man has business and desire, Such as it is—and for my own poor part, Look you, I’ll go pray.
You, constable, are to present the Prince’s own person.
You, cousin.
You, mistress, all this coil is long of you.
You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus.
You, Pyramus' father.—Myself, Thisbe’s father.—Snug the joiner, you, the lion’s part.—And I hope here is a play fitted.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
You, uncivil lady, To whose ingrate and unauspicious altars My soul the faithfull’st off'rings have breathed out That e'er devotion tendered—what shall I do?
You, you, ay, you!
You, you, sirrah, where’s my daughter?
You!
You.
You’d be king o' th' isle, sirrah?
You’ll “never trust his word after.” Come, ’tis a foolish saying.
You’ll ask me why I rather choose to have A weight of carrion flesh than to receive Three thousand ducats.
You’ll be sick tomorrow For this night’s watching.
You’ll bear me a bang for that, I fear.
You’ll cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down.
You’ll find it otherwise, I assure you.
You’ll have coursers for cousins and gennets for germans.
You’ll have your nephews neigh to you.
You’ll heat my blood.
You’ll let us in, I hope?
You’ll not endure him!
You’ll pay me the eight shillings I won of you at betting?
You’ll win two days upon me.
You’re fall’n into a princely hand.
You’re much deceived.
You’re sad, Signior Balthasar.
You’re welcome hither.
You’re welcome, sir, and he for your good sake.
You’ve said, sir.
You’ve strange serpents there?
Young boys and girls Are level now with men.
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, Whither away, or where is thy abode?
Young Edward lives; think now what I would speak.
Young Fortinbras, with conquest come from Poland, To th' ambassadors of England gives This warlike volley.
Young fry of treachery!
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?
Young men’s love then lies Not truly in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Young Romeo is it?
Young son, it argues a distempered head So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.
Younger than she are happy mothers made.
Younger than you Here in Verona, ladies of esteem Are made already mothers.
Youngling, thou canst not love so dear as I.   Graybeard, thy love doth freeze.
Your  It is not a fashion for the maids in France to kiss before they are married, would she say?
Your accent is something finer than you could purchase in so removed a dwelling.
Your answer to that?
Your answer, sir, is enigmatical.
Your bedchamber.
Your betters have endured me say my mind, And if you cannot, best you stop your ears.
Your betters, sir.
Your brother Gloucester hates you.
Your brother is but young and tender, and, for your love I would be loath to foil him, as I must for my own honor if he come in.
Your brother the Bastard is fled from Messina.
Your brother—no, no brother—yet the son— Yet not the son, I will not call him son— Of him I was about to call his father Hath heard your praises, and this night he means To burn the lodging where you use to lie, And you within it.
Your cake there is warm within; you stand here in the cold.
Your case is better.
Your castle is surprised, your wife and babes Savagely slaughtered.
Your cause of sorrow Must not be measured by his worth, for then It hath no end.
Your charm so strongly works 'em That if you now beheld them, your affections Would become tender.
Your children shall be kings.
Your children were vexation to your youth, But mine shall be a comfort to your age.
Your commission’s ready.
Your constancy Hath left you unattended.
Your cousin, my lady, takes great exceptions to your ill hours.
Your crown’s awry.
Your Dane, your German, and your swag-bellied Hollander—Drink, ho!—are nothing to your English.
Your daughter here the princes left for dead.
Your daughter spent in Genoa, as I heard, in one night fourscore ducats.
Your dinner, and the generous islanders By you invited, do attend your presence.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters have fordone themselves, And desperately are dead.
Your Emperor Continues still a Jove.
Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet air More tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear.
Your eyes do menace me.
Your eyes drop millstones, when fools' eyes drop tears.
Your face, my thane, is as a book where men May read strange matters.
Your father got excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them.
Your father was ever virtuous, and holy men at their death have good inspirations.
Your features, Lord warrant us!
Your fortunes are alike.
Your friends are up and buckle on their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they do need the priest; Your Honor hath no shriving work in hand.
Your gentleness shall force More than your force move us to gentleness.
Your goods that lay at host, sir, in the Centaur.
Your Grace attended to their sugared words But looked not on the poison of their hearts.
Your Grace does me as great honors as can be desired in the hearts of his subjects.
Your grace hath laid the odds o' th' weaker side.
Your Grace is too costly to wear every day.
Your Grace may do your pleasure.
Your Grace, we think, should soonest know his mind.
Your graces are right welcome.
Your grandfather of famous memory, an’t please your Majesty, and your great-uncle Edward the Plack Prince of Wales, as I have read in the chronicles, fought a most prave pattle here in France.
Your hand, Leonato.
Your hands, come then.
Your heart is burst, you have lost half your soul.
Your heart’s desires be with you.
Your Highness bade me ask for it today.
Your Highness told me I should post before.
Your honor calls you hence.
Your honor is most welcome.
Your Honor wins bad humors.
Your Honor’s players, hearing your amendment, Are come to play a pleasant comedy, For so your doctors hold it very meet, Seeing too much sadness hath congealed your blood, And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.
Your houses!
Your husband being troubled with a shrew Measures my husband’s sorrow by his woe.
Your lady mother is coming to your chamber.
Your lady, sir, your lady.
Your ladyship were best to have some guard about you if he come, for sure the man is tainted in ’s wits.
Your letters did withhold our breaking forth Till we perceived both how you were wrong led And we in negligent danger.
Your lips will feel them the sooner.
Your looks are pale and wild, and do import Some misadventure.
Your lord does know my mind.
Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark.
Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him.
Your loss is as yourself, great, and you bear it As answering to the weight.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, 'Where is your mother?
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, and, I warrant, a virtuous— Where is your mother?
Your loves, as mine to you.
Your Majesty came not like yourself.
Your Majesty says very true.
Your Majesty shall mock at me.
Your Majesty, hear now, saving your Majesty’s manhood, what an arrant, rascally, beggarly, lousy knave it is.
Your man and you are marvelous merry, sir.
Your mind may change.
Your mistress bears well.
Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner?
Your mother.
Your name, I pray you, friend?
Your name, sir, truly.
Your names?
Your old smock brings forth a new petticoat, and indeed the tears live in an onion that should water this sorrow.
Your overkindness doth wring tears from me.
Your part in her you could not keep from death, But heaven keeps his part in eternal life.
Your plainness and your shortness please me well.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Your power and your command is taken off And Cassio rules in Cyprus.
Your praise is come too swiftly home before you.
Your reason?
Your reason.
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your reproof is something too round.
Your royal father’s murdered.
Your royal preparation Makes us hear something.
Your rye-straw hats put on, And these fresh nymphs encounter every one In country footing.
Your serpent of Egypt is bred now of your mud by the operation of your sun.
Your servant Kent.
Your servant shall do so.
Your servants ever Have theirs, themselves, and what is theirs in compt, To make their audit at your highness' pleasure, Still to return your own.
Your servants tend.
Your shoes is not so good.
Your sister is the better soldier.
Your son and daughter found this trespass worth The shame which here it suffers.
Your son shall have my daughter with consent.
Your son, my lord, has paid a soldier’s debt.
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes, In which so many smiling Romans bathed, Signifies that from you great Rome shall suck Reviving blood, and that great men shall press For tinctures, stains, relics, and cognizance.
Your sword upon a woman?
Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
Your vessels and your spells provide, Your charms and everything beside.
Your virtue is my privilege.
Your voice shall be as strong as any man’s In the disposing of new dignities.
Your way is shorter.
Your wife and brother Made wars upon me, and their contestation Was theme for you.
Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes And still conclusion, shall acquire no honor Demuring upon me.
Your wife would give you little thanks for that If she were by to hear you make the offer.
Your will?
Your wives, your daughters, Your matrons, and your maids could not fill up The cistern of my lust, and my desire All continent impediments would o'erbear That did oppose my will.
Your Worship is deceived.
Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverent youth, and I praise God for you.
Your worship was wont to tell me that I could do nothing without bidding.
Your worship’s friend and Launcelot, sir.
Your worth is very dear in my regard.
Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex.
Yours by this hand.
Yours in the ranks of death.
Yours, if you talk of tales.
Yours, yours.
Youth to itself rebels, though none else near.
Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat to scratch a man to death!
Zounds, he dies!
Zounds, hold your peace.
Zounds, I’ll entreat no more.
Zounds, sir, you’re robbed!
Zounds, who is there?