He was captain of a baubling vessel, for a shallow draught and bulk unprizable, with which he made the most noblest of our fleet, That envy and the tongue of loss Cried
A beast, no more.
A beggar, brother?
I think that is a better example.
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours.
A bitter fool.
A blank, my lord.
A blessèd labor, my sovereign lord.
A braggart, a rogue, a villain who fights by the book of arithmetic.
A brave vessel who had, without doubt, some noble creature in her boat sat down to pieces.
A bride, say you?
A calendar, a calendar!
A carrion death, within which empty eye is a scroll.
He took a certain aim at a fair vestal throned by the west and loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow, as it would pierce a hundred thousand hearts.
I am a challenge.
We are a war-torn nation, and as the president of my kingdom will be there for a man.
You are a commodity, I warrant you.
A conduit, girl?
A contagious breath.
A contract of true love to celebrate, and some donation to the blessed lovers.
A Cornish name.
A man could never be able to do so.
A coward, a most devout coward, religious in it.
A credulous father, and a brother noble—who is so far from doing harms that he is not suspecting.
A crow without feathers?
A cup, closed in my true love’s hand?
A damned death!
A daughter?
A dear happiness to women.
A crime without a name.
A devil, a born devil, whose nature is not able to survive, on whom my pains, humanely taken, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, quite lost
A devil!
I am witnessing a terrible induction, and will be able to send a message to France, hoping the consequences will be bitter, black, and tragic.
A dog of that house will move me to stand.
A dollar.
A dream itself is only a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
A dry jest, sir.
A good name.
A fair woman!
A false conclusion.
A fiend like you might bear my soul to hell.
A fig!
A fine woman!
A fire, Curtis.
A flatterer would not, though they appear as big as high Olympus.
A foe to tyrants, and a friend to my country.
I have a foolish heart, that I leave here behind.
It is a foolish thought, to say a sorry sight.
A fox when one has caught her and a fox should be slaughtered, if my cap would buy a halter.
A friend of Antony’s.
A friend should bear his friend’s infirmities, but Brutus makes mine greater than they are.
A friend?
A friend.
A friendly eye could never see such faults.
I will have a swashing and a martial outside of my thigh, a boar-spear in my hand, and in my heart Lie there what hidden woman’s fear will be.
You can do it.
A gentle scroll.
A gentleman, Nurse, who loves to hear himself talk more in a minute than he will speak in a month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind stoops away from shows of dross.
A good and virtuous nature may be a king in an imperial charge.
A good direction, warlike sovereign.
A good epithet.
A good knave.
A good answer.
A good man’s fortune may grow out of heels.
It is a good thing, surely.
It is not enough to speak, but to speak true.
A good note, that keeps you from the blow of the law.
A good old commander and a very kind gentleman.
A good persuasion.
A good sharp fellow.
A good pillow for that white head was better than a churlish turf of France.
A good swift simile, but something currish.
If you have a good wench, give it to me.
It is a good place to live, with many confines, dungeons and dungeons, Denmark being one of the worst.
A grandam is little less in love than a mother is.
A grave?
It is a great suspicion.
I will give my cousin a greater gift than that.
What is a greater gift?
A greater power than we can contradict Hath has ruined our intentions.
You are a grievous woman.
I die a sinless death.
A halter gratis, nothing else, for God’s sake.
A heavy sight!
I would not sleep.
A hit, a very palpable hit.
It will be a holy day.
A horned man is a monster and a beast.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse.
A drunken monster.
A hundred marks, my Kate puts her down.
A hundred.
A husband?
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
A stool.
It was a good night to all!
A king, a king!
A king, perhaps, my lord, how chance the prophet would have told me that I should kill him?
A lady, sir, who was said to have much similar to me, was yet to be found beautiful.
Juliet is a slaughtered youth lantern, and her beauty makes this vault a feasting presence full of light.
A laugh.
A lean cheek, which you have not
It is a likely piece of work that you should find in your chamber and not know who left it there.
A lioness has whelped in the streets, and graves have yawned and yielded up their dead.
A little water clears us of this act.
A little, by your favor.
A lord to a lord, a man to a man, stuffed with all honorable virtues.
A love song, a love song.
A lover is more condoling.
A sour, sour, and sweet.
A maiden never bold, of spirit so still and quiet that her motion shook her head.
A man is master of his liberty
A man can see how this world goes without eyes.
A man no more mighty than you or me in personal action, yet a man who is a little ill-tempered and afraid of these strange eruptions.
If a man had a wife with such a wit, he might say “Wit, whither wilt?”
A man, as you are.
A man, sir.
A man, a young lady!
A number of our bodies will no doubt find native graves, on which I trust, will witness live in brass of this day’s work.
I am a wonderful witty fellow, I assure you, but I will go with him.
A match!
A match!
I am a knight.
A merry whoreson, ha!
A messenger from Caesar.
A messenger from the galleys.
A mighty man of Pisa.
They are a powerful force.
A miracle!
A monster, a very monster in clothing, and not like a Christian footboy or a gentleman’s lackey.
A more unhappy lady, if this division chance was a chance, ne’er stood between them, praising both parties.
My remembrance of his life sparked a stale rage.
A great miracle!
Margaret, it will not hurt a woman.
I have seen him do it many times since I am here in England.
A poor credulous monster.
A poor man who is known and feels sorrows is pregnant to good pity.
A ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard.
A monster that is most scurvy.
A very unhappy one.
A wicked Sir Oliver, Audrey, a very vile Martext.
A night is only a small breath and little pause to answer questions of this consequence.
A noble duke, in nature as in name.
A noble prisoner!
A noble ship of Venice Hath saw a massive wreck and sufferance on a large part of their fleet.
A pack of blessings light upon your back, Happiness is your best friend.
You are a smuggler.
A terrible boy!
A peevish schoolboy, worthless of such honor, joined with a masker and a reveler.
A pestilent gall to me!
He is a piece of him.
A piece of ice.
A piece of work that will make sick men whole.
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague o' both your houses!
A plague on the tyrant I serve.
This is a plague!
You are all plagued!
You are all murderers, traitors.
I have a play there, my lord, about ten words long, which is as brief as I have known a play.
A pleasing, princely Buckingham, Is this your vow to my sick heart?
A poor unfortunate beggar.
A poor virgin, sir, an ill-favored thing, sir, but mine own.
A pound of man’s flesh taken from a man is not so worthless, profitable, as meat of muttons, beefs, or goats.
A pox o' your bottle!
A pox of drowning youself!
It is a privilege to never see me more.
A good man.
A good saying!
A dispute, but nothing to do with that.
A dispute, ho, already?
A rarer spirit never did steer humanity, but you gods will give us some faults to make us men.
The right mark, fair coz, is the first hit.
A good markman!
He has a ring of mine worth forty ducats, and for the same reason he promised me a chain.
A ripe age.
A Roman.
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap, and munched and munched.
A second Daniel!
A segregation of the Turkish fleet.
A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage.
A sibyl, that had numbered in the world two hundred compasses, sewed the work in her prophetic fury.
A sick man in sadness makes his will, a word ill urged to one who is so ill.
It is a sight most pitiful in the meanest wretch, speaking of in a king.
A simple countryman who brought her figs.
I wonder if you hear the words of Naples.
I behold a sister whom no brother ever loved so much.
A sleeve?
A solemn air and the best comforter to an unsettled fancy cure to your brains, now useless, boiled within your skull.
A soothsayer offers you a warning against the ides of March.
A blow from your southwest and you all are o'er!
He is a sovereign shame.
I am a spirit, but I am in that dimension grossly clad.
A spirit, a spirit.
A spirit?
A stone-cutter or painter could not have made him so ill as he was two years old.
A stoup of wine!
A strange fish!
A substitute shines brightly as a king until a king is there, and then his state is there, as well as an inland brook in the main of waters.
A surgeon!
A sweet woman!
A sweeter and a sweeter gentleman, surrounded by the beauty of nature, young, valiant, wise, and, no doubt, right royal, the spacious world cannot again afford.
A tailor made you.
A tailor makes a man?
What is going on for me?
A third cannot be matched unless the devil himself turns Jew.
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand thousand!
It is a thousand times worse to want your light.
A thousand, sir, have on their riveted trim and at the port expect you.
A tomb must cover your sweet eyes.
I confess that I do not.
A trade, sir, that I hope I can use with a safe conscience, and is indeed a mender of bad soles.
A traveler.
A truant disposition, good my lord.
A trusty villain, sir, that often, when I am dull with care and melancholy, lightens my humor with his merry jests.
A few turns will be enough to keep my mind beating.
A velvet dish!
A vengeance on your crafty, sluggish hide!
A very dishonest paltry boy, and more a coward than a hare.
It is a very fair way, but no friend.
A very fine one.
A very forward March-chick!
A very gentle beast, of a good conscience.
He is a handsome man.
A very honest fellow, and as poor as the king.
A very mean meaning.
It is a very pleasing night to honest men.
A very weak monster.
A victory is twice itself when the winner brings home full numbers.
A wandering knight?
I am a whole.
A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
A worthy pioneer!
He was a wreck past hope.
A wretched soul, bruised with adversity We want to be quiet when we hear it cry, but if we were burdened with a heavy weight of pain, we should ourselves complain.
Abate the edge of the traitors, gracious Lord, that would reduce these bloody days again and make poor England weep in streams of blood!
Be afraid, do not enter it.
I am a slain slave, which is not a good thing, and is capable of all ill.
I am a bad villain.
Abide within.
Aboard, aboard, for shame!
A villain!
What about a ring of gold, a ring that she gave me, whose posy was for all the world like a cutler’s poetry Upon a knife, “Love me and leave me not
You can write “happy” when you are done.
About it!
About the ninth hour, lady.
You look at Helena of Athens, who is all a little sick and a pale of cheer, with sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear.
About your years, my lord.
About!
My state is well.
Sir Andrew, accost.
A happy, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Affirm her here the love of my son Paris and ask her to mark you on Wednesday next week.
Add to these eight thousand four hundred knights, esquires, and gallant gentlemen, five hundred were dubbed knights yesterday.
He is a man who is a man of kindness.
Adieu, adieu, adieu.
Adieu, adieu!
Adieu, be vigilant, I beg you.
Adieu, good Monsieur Melancholy.
Adieu, good neighbor.
Adieu, good Queen.
Adieu, let’s sit our old robes easier than our new ones.
Adieu, noble Agrippa.
Adieu, until you return at night.
Adieu!
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adieu.
Adultery?
Advantage is a better soldier than rashness.
Ask the duke where you are going, to prepare for the most difficult preparation.
Do not ask your fellows to do so.
Advise yourself.
Affection is not rated from the heart.
Affection!
After a little time, I will beat him too.
After dinner, your hazard will be made.
After her, after her.
After my death, the half of my land, and twenty thousand crowns in possession.
After so long grief, such a nativity!
After the battle let George Stanley die.
Again!
It is not a good idea to do so.
Is my brother Lucius against him?
Why do you want my soul to wander in an unknown field?
I am sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
I am sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
Age cannot wither her, nor can she stale her infinite variety.
Age, you are shamed!
Ah ha!
Oh, keeper, I have done those things, and now I can prove my love for Edward and see how he requises me.
Ah, I am.
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh Buckingham, now I am trying to find out if you are gold.
I think he is better than I say.
I will cut my lace asunder, so my pent heart can have some room to beat, or I will swoon with this dead-killing news!
If I do, let heaven bring hail to my heart, and poison it in the source, and the first stone drops in my neck.
Oh Desdemona, away, away.
Oh, don’t tear yourself away from me!
Oh, for my husband, for my dear Edward!
Oh, for our father, for our dear Clarence!
Good Demetrius, will you give him me?
Oh, my lord, this prince is not an Edward.
He is young, and his minority is put to the trust of Richard Gloucester, a man who does not love me or you.
How much would the man deserve from me that would right her?
If you are a little more than mine, you will be able to blaspherically blaspherical, then you will be able to savour this neighbor air with your breath and let the
Let’s go, let’s go!
Oh Luciana, did he tempt you?
Oh my back, my back!
Oh, my good lord, what have I seen tonight?
Oh, my poor princes!
Oh, my tender babes, my unblown flowers, my sweets, if your gentle souls fly in the air and are not fixed in a perpetual sting, you can hover over me with your airy wings
He is so shaken by a burning tertian that it is most regrettable to behold.
Oh Rosencrantz!
If you think this was a good thing, sir, a body would think it was a good thing.
Oh, soldier!
He said it would be poor banished man.
That is a bad fault.
You should have done this and not spoken on it.
You are a magician.
Oh Tranio, what a cruel father he is!
Ah, well, today!
Oh, where is my man?—Give me some aqua vitae.— These griefs, these woes, these sorrows make me old.
Oh, women, women!
Aha!
I know you are not, young gentleman.
You have to be prepared for the day!
You have to be prepared for the day!
The day is right.
He is a good man.
Oh, hell, hell, hell.
I do not like this unnatural dealing.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, mercy!
Oh, sorry!
I love myself.
Oh, my lord, that is not your fault.
What are you saying by that?
Our moon is now eclipsed, and it is only the fall of Antony.
Poor gentleman.
He is mad.
I am sandblind.
You can't see your way.
What a heinous sin I am to be ashamed of being my father’s child?
What noise is this?
What a problem did I have?
Why?
I am sorry for both, Edward and Clarence.
What will I do to win my lord again?
Now, pray you, work not so hard.
It was the day.
It is the day of the day!
It is the day of the day!
It is the day of the day!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, and we are so sorry.
Oh, gentlemen, help, ho!
Good Cassio!
Good gentleman!
I will not burden you, because I know you to be young and light, too light for a swain as you catch, and yet as heavy as my weight should be.
He faints!
He is betrayed and I am retorning.
He is too young.
How will this bloody act be answered?
I am the mother of these griefs.
I hate myself for hateful acts committed by myself.
I sent you money to redeem you by Dromio, who came in grabs.
I took great pains to study it, and it is poetic.
Iago, my lord has so much to do with her, throws such a thing on her, despite and heavy terms, that true hearts cannot bear it.
Alas, Malvolio, this is not my writing, although I confess I am much like the character.
My liege, my wife is dead tonight.
Oh my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.
Poor caitiff!
Poor country!
Poor ghost!
Poor Harry of England!
Poor fowl, he will now creep into sedges.
Poor rogue, I think she loves me.
Poor Romeo!
I have found mine by hard adventure.
She has been too long chased from France, and her husbandry lies on heaps, causing it to collapse.
Be patient.
I have bills for money by exchange from Florence, and I have to deliver them here.
Oh, they are so, to die even when they grow to perfection.
The storm is coming again.
It is not the liver, but the palate, that suffers from cloying, and revolt.
She is drowned.
You have misinterpreted everything.
Too soon we arrived.
What is that cry?
What is the danger for us, Maids as we are, to travel so far?
What is this gentleman thinking?
What is my ignorant sin?
What is the matter?
Who knows?
Why gnaw you so much your nether lip?
Why would you heap this care on me?
You know it.
Oh, I am sorry!
You deserve praise, true applause, and love, but now he is a duke who is a fool.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his cholers and his moods and his displeasures and his indignations, and being
Alexas!
You are alive in triumph—and Mercutio is killed!
All you have blessed secrets, all you have unpublished virtues of the earth, spring with my tears.
All except mariners sat in the foaming brine and quit the vessel, then afired with me.
All except Metellus Cimber, he is gone to seek you at your house.
Come to this?
All comfort is given to your noble father-in-law.
All dead.
All disconsolate, with Pindarus his bondman on this hill.
All eyes!
All for our advantage.
We are not here for your pleasure.
All hail, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
All hell will stir for this.
All is a game.
All is confirmed, my lord.
All is lost!
It is not good.
Everything is fear and nothing is love, as little is wisdom, where the flight So runs against all reason.
All lost!
All is well enough.
If God does it, he will say, "It is more than we deserve or I expect."
All men call you a frightened man.
I hope all men live so.
All men’s faces are true, what they are.
All my pretty ones?
All my reports are based on the modest truth, and I do not have more, nor clipped it.
Is that all I can do?
All of us have reason to be astonished by the dimming of our shining star, but none of us can help our harms by wailing them.
All offices are open, and there is a full freedom to feast from this five-hour period until the bell has told eleven.
All other devils that suggest by treason do not go to hell and smuggle up damnation with patches, colors, and forms being etched from glist'ring semblances of p
I will bar all ports.
All is ready.
All schooldays friendship, childhood innocence?
All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes, that I, being governed by the watery moon, may send tears to drown the world.
All strange and terrible events are welcome, but we are a little disappointed.
All of us take hands.
All those who follow their noses are led by their eyes but blind men. There is no nose among twenty but he can smell it stinking.
All that glisters do is not gold, you have heard that told you.
I have to say that the lanthorn is the moon
I will tell you that the duke has eaten.
All that is spoken is slammed.
All that served Brutus, I will entertain them.
All the better.
All the conspirators, except he did, did that in envy of great Caesar.
He shook his arm so high that what I would have spoken was beastly dumbed by him.
All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand.
All the pictures that are fairly lined are black to Rosalind.
All his wits have given way to his impatience.
All the world wants her.
All the world is a stage, and all the men and women are just players.
All you have to do is to be thin.
All these old witnesses—I cannot err— tell me that you are my son Antipholus.
Everything is ready if we are so.
All things should be done in common without sweat or effort.
Everything will be good.
All things are with more spirit than enjoyed.
I will tell you about Hero’s death.
What is done Upon the end of the day?
All this is done, repair to Pompey’s porch, where you will find us.
All this is comforting.
All this is so, but what is that going on, my lord?
All this is my sister, or should she be.
All this?
All three of us are married in a moment.
All three of them are desperate.
You have given away all your other titles that you were born with.
What is your tediousness on me?
All the trouble, sorrow, wonder and amazement in here.
All that the Moor is defective in.
I will be praying for you all the time before the gods.
All that we pine for now.
All will be good.
I can make it fit.
What a world is this!
All, all.
All?
All is good, but nothing is bad.
All are cheerless, dark, and deadly.
All is still hushed as midnight.
All is one.
All is well, sweet, come back to bed.
All is good.
It is almost afraid to know itself.
It is almost morning, which is what.
I was alone, it was the subject of my theme.
Along with them, they brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced villain, a simple anatomy, a mountebank, a threadbare juggler, and a fortune-teller, 
King Lewis the Tenth, who was sole heir to the usurper Capet, could not keep quiet in his conscience, bringing the crown of France, until he satisfied that fair Queen Isabel, his grandmother, was lineal
I hate her, but I will not harm her.
I am not happy with you, but I am not happy with this contract tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Am I nearing you now?
Am I Dromio?
Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I like a fellow?
Am I myself?
Am I not a little better than she?
Am I not staying for Cinna?
Am I not staying for?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name, Iago?
Am I the motive for these tears, my lord?
Am I your bird?
Am I your man?
Is Christopher Sly, old Sly’s son of Burton Heath, a peddler, a cardmaker, a bearherd, and now a tinker?
Am I your Rosalind?
Amass the welkin with your broken taves.
Ambassadors from Harry King of England crave acceptance to your Majesty.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
Amen to that, sweet powers!
Amen, amen to that prayer, say I.
Amen, amen.
If you love her, she is very worthy.
Amen, say we.
Amen, with all my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen.
It must be with valor, because I hate policy.
If I had a bad idea, I would be mad at it.
An abominable monster!
An adder did it, because with a doubler tongue than you, you serpent, never stung the adder.
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
An apple, cleft in two, is not more twin than these two creatures.
An eagle, madam, Hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eye as Paris has.
An Englishman?
A evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek, a goodly apple rotten at the heart.
He should have been hanged.
If he speaks anything against me, I will take him down, he was lustrier than he is, and twenty such Jacks.
He is an honest man who hates the slime that sticks on filthy acts.
He is honest and clear.
An honest tale is the best way to be told.
If I do not, come, let’s see the event.
If I had been a man of any occupation, if I hadn’t taken him at a word, I would go to hell among the rogues.
If I can hide my face, let me play Thisbe too!
If I live to see you marry once, I have my wish.
If I were so apt to fight as you would, anyone should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a half.
If he is not fought withal, my lord, let us not live in France.
If he hears you, you will be angry.
If I am, sir, is it a crime?
If I could, what should I get?
If the wind blows from shore, I will not harbor tonight in this town.
If they live, I hope I won’t have to worry.
If you could not, you could not make him live.
If you plead for them as well, I can say “nay” to you, and we will certainly bring it to a happy issue.
If your wife is not a madwoman, and know how much I deserve the ring, she will not hold out for forever for giving it to me.
An interlude!
It is a welcoming eye, but I think it is right modest.
It was not flat-long.
Now tell me, how does your cousin do that?
A oath of humour will be poured, and fury will be poured.
An oath, an oath, I have an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is not so kind, my boy.
If you want to please your Majesty, let his neck answer for it, if there is any martial law in the world.
If you are a good man, Brakenbury, you may be able to take part in anything we say.
If the duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I will be hanged.
If there is any matter of weight chances, call me.
If they are not, let them hang themselves in their own straps.
If they will take it, so.
If you had been set to stock your stocks for that question, you would have deserved it.
If you let it go, Sir Andrew, you would never have to draw a sword again.
If you make minstrels of us, look for nothing but discords.
Anunauthorized kiss!
If we do not, it is a shame of our lives.
If you are mine, I will give you to my friend.
If you lie, sirrah, we will have you whipped.
If you love me, let’s do it.
If you do so, mistress, I would never have to draw sword again.
If you are not answered with reason, I will die.
If you have a ladyship that will be as good as it should be, you must let Prithee, read your right wits.
You are not welcome, players who offer service to your Lordship.
If you are not please, it is the gage of one that I should fight with, if he is alive.
What is he doing here?
It is a shame that the noble Moor could be a danger to his second life with a solitary ingraft infirmity.
A chain, that you once wore, about his neck.
I am a good soldier, lady.
He is a goose for his discretion.
A true lover of the holy Church.
He was so saddened by that?
Hecuba!
Isn’t it all my armor laying in my tent?
All my children?
It is for the maid.
All the faith, the virtue of my heart, the object and the pleasure of my eye, is Helena.
I was a revenge.
I am a sick singer.
I hear another storm brewing, and hear it sing i' th' wind.
Are you my husband?
I am going to kill you, witch, I am going to kill you.
You have changed?
You live in the same way, Stephano?
As I said, retire with me to my lodging, from where I will bring you to hear my lord speak.
As I wooed for you to get her, I will join you to shame her.
As our vineyards, fallows, meads, and hedges grow to wildness, our houses and ourselves and our children have lost or do not learn for long enough to learn the science that should become our country, but
As his body grows uglier, his mind cankers.
Ask no other dowry with her, but a so-called dowry.
She gave Edmund strange oeillades and gave him the most speaking look.
I love you.
Be a happy mother by the act.
Are you all the travesties that do so?
You will find a difference, as we have found in wonder, between the promises of his greener days and these he masters now.
Be easy to win over our requests.
Be careful, gentle Brutus.
He asked him to pardon.
Benedick is not the unhopefulest husband I know.
Come here.
I am in a hurry.
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
I was tipped off by Signior Baptista, who was a lodger at the Pegasus.
My noble Moor is true of mind and made of no such baseness as jealous creatures.
The youth will be able to get a response.
By how much she is trying to do him good, she will give him credit to the Moor.
Caesar will go forth.
Did I let you sleep?
Can you get from him by no drift of conference why he puts this confusion on his mind, slamming his days of quiet with a stifle and dangerous lunacy?
Cassio was killed!
And Cassius too.
Come with naked swords.
Come you with “knocking at the gate”?
Come and bring Messala with you, immediately to us.
He says, “Tarry, my cousin Suffolk.
And cross-gartered?
Death, not Romeo, take my maidenhead!
Did I depart from there in rage?
Didn’t she herself retorn me there?
Didn’t they put on my brows this wreath of victory and bid me to give it to you?
Did they ask you to tell her about it, madam?
Did you leave him in this contemplation?
Did you see the handkerchief?
And die in music.
And that is why?
Viola died that day when she died from her birth.
And discourse fustian with one’s shadow?
Do it with all your heart.
Do it, by these pickers and stealers.
Do you now strew flowers in Pompey’s way that comes in triumph over Pompey’s blood?
Does affection breed it?
You are right, sir, but she will be able to excuse why the doors are made against you.
When mercy seasons justice, earthly power will show like God’s.
I will make her render her page to me.
I love you the more.
And now, this house, these servants, and this same myself are yours, my lord.
He will ever love him dearly, and he will always be a good friend.
Every object that could make me fear Misfortune to my ventures out of doubt would make me sad.
She is fair, if that is true.
They are good.
I am false.
I am alone and I am very happy with your love for you.
He fixed his eyes on you.
For Cassio, let me be his undertaker.
For his cowardship, ask Fabian.
I wonder if he is so simple to trust the mockery of unquiet slumbers.
I will keep my house, Fit, in my house to instruct her youth.
For my part, I do not want to laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.
For my love, I pray you don’t know what I am doing.
I will be able to make sure they are so good, they will go far with little.
My name of George begins with his thought that I am him.
For my sister and her princely sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood, which, as you know, must be spilt in unjust way.
I promise you that I will be as good as my word.
For the Jew’s bond that he has of me, let it not enter your mind of love.
For the better assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but I am the weaver.
For the rest of the fleet, which I dispersed, they have all met again and are on the Mediterranean float, Bound sadly home for Naples, assuming that they saw the king’s ship wracked
For the sake of them you are sorrowful for, do me the favor to dilate at full what has happened to them and you.
Let this acceptance take place in your fair minds.
Three months.
And friends with Caesar.
From here I will make all these doubts even more clear.
When you are over-earning with your Brutus, he will think your mother chides you and leave you so.
We are a huge fan of her womb children, many for many virtues excellent, none but for some and yet all different.
From your hated presence, I do so.
God forbids you, dear and faithful lord, to wear, wrest, or bow your reading, or to charge your understanding soul with opening titles miscreate, whose right is not in native colors with the truth.
It will never be seen again of eyes so royal!
Good monsieur, do not let the honey bag break.
Hast du challenged you?
He has given his praises to his speech, my lord, with almost all the holy vows of heaven.
Have we not been able to do anything, do we have a desire for sport, and do we have a desire for a skepticism, as men?
Have mercy too!
After we brought our treasure where we will, we take him down and turn him off, like a sleeve, to shake his ears and graze in commons.
He promised us to follow up to the temple.
He is a paramour for a sweet voice.
He who has commanded is our king.
He will not follow Bourbon now, let him go, and with his cap in hand, like a base pander, hold the chamber door, while by a slave, no gentler than my dog, his fairest daughter is
He is gone.
Her sister is poisoned by her.
I am here, and wood in this wood, because I cannot meet my Hermia.
Here he stands.
I am a man who is condemned and excused.
I am so glad you did.
Here is my mistress.
Here is your state: either be gone before the watch is set, or by the break of day disguised from hence.
Here will be my rest.
Here is a wonderful place to perform.
Here’s another, who has a slammed look proclaiming what she is making on her heart.
Here is another, Writ in my cousin’s hand, stol'n from her pocket, containing her affection to Benedick.
He is a kinsman.
His kiss is as sanctified as the touch of bread.
He must be jealous of Cassio’s smiles, gestures, and light behavior.
How do you do it out?
How do you get here?
How does your content make you happy?
How does she do it?
How do you feel like you, Master Touchstone?
How long is that, think you?
How was that ta'en up?
I know you may be converted, but I think you look with your eyes as you do with other women.
I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I!
I am sick when I do not look at you.
If my hair does not tickle me, I must scratch.
I am witnessing her doing it.
I am Rosalind.
I was so weary with disasters, tugging with fortune, that I would set my life on any chance, to stop it or be riddled on a whim.
I am another.
I love Hastings with my heart.
I beg you to come back tomorrow.
I beg you to visit my too much changèd son.
I believe your Majesty does not take any scorn to wear the leek on Saint Tavy’s day.
I hope you have good days and long to see.
I know that they stay for me on Pompey’s porch.
I do not doubt that they say, “It is a sweet comedy.”
I think she is thirty.
I think that this brain of mine is not the trail of policy so sure it is as good as it used to be.
I love her with a smile.
I am for Ganymede.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I have been trying to avoid him all day.
I have built two chantries where the sad and solemn priests sing still for Richard’s soul.
I have heard Apollodorus carry it, and what, I pray you?
I have met a gentleman who promised me to help me to another musician, a fine musician, to instruct our mistress.
I have reason for it.
I will go in my best interest.
I know not what is spent in the search.
If law, authority, and power refuse to do so, it will go hard with poor Antonio.
I have mine.
I must be from there!
I must then take all the pirates out of Rome to send me wheat measures.
I pray God will give them a fair departure.
Now, tell me, for which of my bad parts did you fall in love with me first?
I remember the kissing of her batler, and the cow’s smears that she had milked.
I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her, from whom I took two cods and gave her them again, saying, “Wear these for my sake.” We who are true lovers run into strange cap
I serve the fairy queen to dew her orbs on the green.
I will love you.
I trow this is his house.
I was going to your hotel, Cassio.
I will cleanse your mortal grossness so that you will go like a savage spirit.
I will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke.
I am with him.
I would find in my heart that I had not a hard heart, because I love none.
I am satisfied with you, and I have paid for it.
I would kill a thousand people if I did not do it.
I, my lord.
I am my royal sovereign.
I.
I.
I will be wise hereafter and seek grace.
I will go to bed at noon.
I will sleep.
I will stay, to have you forget, forge any other home but this.
If I can, I will find those who will.
If it does not work, you may conceal her, as best she can, in some reclusive and religious life.
If it stands, as you do, in honor of your honor, be assured that my purse, my person, my extremist means, will be a great asset to your occasion.
If he does not deserve it on earth, he will never come to heaven.
If you are a mountaineer, let them throw millions of acres on us, till our ground, chanting his pate against the burning zone, make Ossa like a wart!
If you do not want to give your poor servant one favor at your gracious hand, you will forever confirm his happiness.
If our navy continues to grow, I have an absolute hope that our landmen will stand up.
If you leave me, you do me wrong.
If you wrongly do, will we not be revenge?
If your love can labor in a sad invention, hang her an epitaph on her tomb and sing it to her bones.
I will be doing it in assemblies.
In good time, here comes the sweating lord.
In good time, the lieutenant comes here.
In good time, here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke.
You may say, “not well.
In the midst of the slums of youth, the worst of the worst is a series of swollen blasts.
I will bring you to your ship and so to Naples, where I hope to see the nuptial of these dear-beloved solemnized.
In the morning, we will both fly towards Belmont.
I am sure Lorenzo is not.
I became my guide, led him, begged for him, and saved him from despair.
It is the marrow and the marrow of our attribute.
My lord, the wretched animal sat in such a groan that his coat slid fast to bursting and the tears shook his innocent nose.
Isn’t it not damning to let this canker of our nature come into further evil?
Is he a man who will meet Tybalt?
Is it not a sweet goose?
Is it physically to walk unbracéd and suck up the humors of the morning?
Is that the case?
Isn’t the grease of a mutton as healthy as the sweat of a man?
It is marvellous that he has a better hour, for lovers to run ever before the clock.
It is very regrettable, Brutus, that you have no mirrors that will turn your hidden worthiness into your eye so you can see your shadow.
He would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild.
Joy comes in such a needy time.
Now you know it: the senate has concluded to give Caesar a crown today.
Then he laid the love juice on some true love’s sight.
You will soon, at supper, see Lorenzo, who is your new master’s guest.
He may claim a pound of flesh to be cut off near the merchant’s heart.
Leave you out?
Leave us, Publius, so that the people who rushe on us will do some mischief.
Let her speak of me before her father.
Let him hold his fingers so, and Pyramus and Thisbe will whisper through that cranny.
Let him ply his music.
Let his knights have colder looks among you.
Let my liver heat with wine than my heart cool with mortifying groans.
Let no man follow this act, but we the doers.
Let our hearts, as subtle masters, stir up their servants to a rage and after seem to chide 'em.
Let the wise man fly.
Let those who play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, because there will be some of them who will laugh to make some barren spectators laugh too, though in the meantime some necessary question of the play should be
Let us do it with no fear, no, with no fear, and nothing more than if we heard that England was busied with a Whitsun morris-dance.
Let us swear by our resolution.
And liegemen to the Dane.
Look for it to be done with kindness.
When I am king, you are king, and all the moveables where my brother was possessed.
You get a prayer book in your hand and stand between two churchmen, good my lord, for on that ground I will make a holy descant.
Look, where Publius is coming to fetch me.
The absence of lovers is more tedious than the dial eightscore times.
You made your other love Demetrius, who even but now did not spur me with his foot, call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, precious, celestial?
I love it.
And make him break his faith with fair gles, with Ariadne and Antiopa?
Can young men not die as well as old?
You are a master of your art.
How?
You will be happy, through all the world.
Oh, Lord!
I have a hundred and forty.
I will.
I am a little stale.
I will be mine, to eke out hers.
Mine, two hundred.
Most chirurgeonly.
And dear actors, do not eat onions or garlic, because we are to utter sweet breath.
Most poor matters are rich.
Is she dying for this?
Do they all have to be hanged that swear and lie?
And my heart too.
I will help you.
My trust, like a good parent, shook him up as much as I was, and he was not bound by it.
And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.
Both men and masters would not take aught.
He never could keep his part, but in the force of his will.
Never, since the middle summer’s spring, met us on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, by a pavèd fountain, or by a brook, or in the beach’s 
You are not a jot of “Tranio” in your mouth.
Nothing is at a like goodness still.
Now about the cauldron sing like elves and fairies in a ring, enchanting all that you put in.
Now you will be able to tell your story.
Now I think about it, she first told me you were mad, then came in smiling, and in such forms that were presupposed here.
Now that I have the boy, I will remove this horrible imperfection of her eyes.
I will do it.
Now I think I have a mind to it.
Now they are re-stripping their backward course, bearing with frank appearance their intentions toward Cyprus.
Now to our French causes.
Who knows you, Lorenzo, whether I am yours?
Now you know my meaning.
Now, good friends, as you are friends, scholars and soldiers, give me one poor request.
Now, I pray you, sir, for you, you are the reason for raising this sea storm.
O you mortal engines, who are whose rude throats are counterfeited by the immortal Jove’s dead, please, thank you!
The heat of the ginger.
And of women.
I will find a good cause to work on that vice in him.
On the answer, he pays you as sure as your feet hit the ground they step on.
One Deformed is one of them.
Only in that safety she died her brothers.
You do me more wrong now than if you had wasted all I have.
I will get to these cudgeled scars, and swear I got them in the Gallia wars.
It is a shame to have the general wrong of Rome, as fire drives out fire, so pity to have done this on Caesar.
Plow the wings from painted butterflies to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes.
He sat in his chamber, slit his windows, locks out the daylight, and makes himself an artificial night.
I took the circumcisèd dog by the throat and smoted him.
And yet, you say that exile is not death.
I am a second father.
Isn’t I ever told you something different?
Will I have hell?
Will our bloody blood, spirited with wine, be swollen?
You will, or some of us will, be smart for it.
I will, sir.
She is so in love, she is less likely to meet her new beloved anywhere.
She can weep, sir.
She goes down at twelve.
She is exceedingly sceptical.
She is mine, and all my right of her is my estate to Demetrius.
I love her.
She is obedient, very obedient.—Proceed you in your tears.— Concerning this, sir.
Since the dispute will not bear color for what he is, you should be able to do so by saying that what he is is, augmented, would run to these and these extremities.
Since you know you cannot see yourself as well as by reflection, I will, your glass, be able to find out what you are talking about.
And smelt it?
Good, madam.
So adieu, sir.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I would be sane.
I am, being a man of faith, obligated to call young Claudio to a reckoning for it.
I did.
I am lieutenant.
I do.
Mine.
So falls it out with Rivers, Vaughan, Grey
I am glad it did, as I sat down with them and I think it is a sport.
I have 'nared an Athenian’s eyes', and I have been so blameless.
You will be happy.
So far, Signior Lucentio.
You may stay, because I have more to share with Bianca.
Good morning to you every one.
I would have done so, but for fashion sake, I thank you for your society.
Mine was.
I have been to me.
He fell.
He goes to heaven.
I am.
I will catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter end, and she must be blind too.
I think I am all about it.
It is, truly, and very notably, discharged.
It is.
It is.
He is my gracious madam.
And so of men.
He is so perchanced.
Return to you, and nothing else?
I say that.
She did.
She is cousin.
I swear.
The lion disappeared.
So they are.
They were slain.
We will, if he wins her.
I will.
I will.
So, adieu.
God is with him!
Good Capulet, which is the name I tender as dearly as my own, will be satisfied.
He is a snagged man.
So, pray you, call Beatrice.
Oh my lord, adieu.
With no money at all and a little more wit, return again to Venice.
I hold it right, without any circumstance, that we shake hands and take part.
Some have greatness thrust upon them.
He dreams of a new life.
I bob and bob her withered dewlap over her head.
And sowing the kernels of it in the sea, bring forth more islands.
And speak again, my lord.
And speak parrot?
And squabble?
You are always in love and service.
Stay, Nurse.
I am more than happy to make the loss worse than you may call to comfort you, because I have lost my daughter.
Take good note of what Caesar does, what suitors press to him.
Tell me now, sweet friend, what happy gale you are here from Verona?
Tell the Dauphin that his jest will be a little shallow when thousands of people weep more than they laughed at it.
He lost his father.
And that is the case of Cawdor.
That distilled by magic sleights will raise such artificial sprites as will draw him to his confusion.
I am he, let me show it a little even in this case: I was constant Cimber, and I should be banished.
That is Claudio.
What is most important to consider is the beauty of his daughter.
He hurls on you for false forswearing and for murder.
That was enough to hang us all.
He should have done everything he should, because he is given to sports, to wildness and to much company.
He does it under the name of love, as who should say if I sleep or eat, 'Twere deadly sickness or else present death.
That would be a good thing for you!
That is not a healthy food, they say.
That is true too.
The best thing about me is diligence.
The business you have done here cannot be without you, especially the business of Cleopatra, which is entirely dependent on your home.
And the creature runs from the cur?
I think the hour is coming to give him a hearing.
And the queen, and that is now.
The rarest thing that e'er came there.
The tears of it are wet.
They rot and speak against us.
Pyramus came to the rescue.
Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
He drew a dial from his poke and, looking at it with a lackluster eye, says wisely, “It is ten o'clock.
He offered it the third time.
The boy, his clerk, took some pains in writing, he begged mine.
He is a man with a good capon lined belly, with eyes severe and beard of formal cut, full of wise saws and modern instances.
The moon will be able to bow like a silver bow in heaven.
As soon as we have ta'en the sacrament, we will unite the white rose and the red.
I hope you are satisfied.
And then, sir, does he that, he does.
And then?
From Athens we turn away our eyes to seek new friends and strangers.
There is a horrible form that could deprive you of reason and draw you into madness.
There is a fifth of the prince of Morocco, who says the prince will be here tonight.
She will be married and shrived in Friar Lawrence's cell.
There the snake throws her enameled skin, weed enough wide to wrap a fairy in.
There were a hundred ghastly women, transformed with their fear, who swore they saw men in fire walk up and down the streets.
It is a sensible tale.
Give it a welcome as a stranger.
We must be able to measure twenty miles today.
Is he idle?
Love is said to be a child, because he is so oft beguiled by choice.
It is a blind, a blind Cupid.
Tell me, Katherine, how fair you will be.
So, we will come.
Good news, Grumio.
I pray you, news.
So, like herself, wise, fair and true, she will be placèd in my constant soul.
Since I cannot prove a lover to entertain these fairly well-spoken days, I am a determinant to prove a villain and hate the idle pleasures of these days.
It was that the man was mad.
She is asking for warnings and warnings and warnings and warnings for imminent evils, and on her knee Hath begged me to stay at home today.
You are a character.
They are gone.
They are grand-jurymen since Noah was a sailor.
They have conspired together.
They are the ones who are most disgusted with my folly.
This cuff was just to knock at your ear and beseech list'ning.
This may help to thicken other proofs that do not show up.
This is our life, exempt from public haunting, and it is a place where tongues are found in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones and good in everything.
This report has a king so exasperated that he is ready for some war.
This is the same progeny of evils that comes from our debate, from our dissension.
You have a good reason to tell it.
Metellus Cimber.
That is the case.
I will go straight to visit him.
Who leaves their valiant bones in France, dripping like men though buried in your dunghills, will be famed
You must make a dullard of the world, if they didn’t think the profits of my death were very pregnant and potential spirits would make you want it.
You are not in heaven.
You, all-shaking thunder, smit the thick rotundity o' th' world, crack nature’s molds, all germens spill at once that make a man irritable
I am happy to have this marriage for my peace.
She is fierce, though she is little.
He will not bear them as the ass bears gold, to groan and sweat under the business, either led or driven, as we point the way.
I will deal with this secretly and justly as your soul should with your body.
They thought Margaret was Hero?
He will be able to do so for a while.
It may be.
She means, videlicet, my love.
Your fall has left a blot to mark the man who is a man who is a man of a great length and is best owed with some suspicion.
Your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his only heir and princess.
I will tell you just how I did not thrive in this fair lady’s love and she in mine.
She was the fairest creature in the world, and yet she is inferior to none.
He is at his time.
I am not in my perfect mind.
To run away from the Jew, I should be ruled by the fiend, who, saving your reverence, is the devil himself.
To see how he treats the foolish woman your wife!
If you sink in it, you will be tempted to fall in love.
To that end, we wish your Lordship here T's free from the slanders of the world.
To that end, sir, I will welcome you.
The Athenian law cannot pursue us.
Too soon they are made.
Trinculo is reeling ripe.
She is true, as she has proved herself.
Trust me, love, in my eye.
Turns the sun to shade.
Twenty of these lies I will tell men that I have been told I have discontinued school over a twelve month period.
And unrespective boys.
Wasn’t you tempted, poor father, to hovel you with swine and rogues forlorn in short and musty straw?
We thought it was our duty to let you know of it.
We mean well in going to this mask, but there is no wit to go.
We understand him well, how he comes to us with our wilder days, not measuring what we made of them.
We will hear it.
We will pay you a little more.
We will, like friends, go straight to each other.
We will send you there.
We will wear out in a walled prison pack and sects of great ones that ebb and flow by the moon.
Now, weep, seeing she is up above the clouds, as high as heaven itself?
It is more common than words.
Welcome, welcome!
If I were the king on a king, what would I do?
What are you saying that you will do so?
What is your idol ceremony?
What confederacy have you had with the traitors who have been late in the kingdom?
What do I give you back, who may be able to counterpoise this rich and precious gift?
What have kings that privates have not too, Save ceremony, Save general ceremony?
What is that hope, I pray you?
What is this noise?
What is that all of this?
What about him, Tranio?
What about him?
What other oath than honesty to honesty engaged, that this will be, or we will fall for it?
What was he saying?
What was Surrey saying then?
What do you mean to my love?
What is my hidden lady to our canceled love?
What should I do in Illyria?
He is a wise man, who is apt to have his ear abused.
What do you think?
What will you do now?
What will you do?
What happened under that shape, I beg you to take it for your fault and not mine, because if you were as I took you, I would have made no offense.
What is he saying when I play the villain?
What is her history?
What is the news, good cousin Lodovico?
What is going on from my despised time is naught but bitterness.
If you are going to be hapless tonight, give it a good understanding, but no tongue.
When is that going?
When he saw my best alarumed spirits, Bold in the dispute’s right, roused to the encounter, or ghasted by the noise I made, Full suddenly he fled.
When I do, I swear that Romeo will be the one who you know I hate, and not Paris.
When I have my meed, I will go away, because I will go out, and then I will not stay.
When I have stol'n on these sons-in-law, I will kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
When I raise my hand, do you the same, to fall it on Gonzalo.
When I die, take him and cut him out in tiny stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the sun.
When I told you he was of my counsel, you said, “Indeed?” and you sat together and pursed your brow together as if you had shut up your brain.
When will you tell me that?
When will you see him again?
When she is froward, peevish, sullen, sour, and not obedient to his honest will, what is she but a rebel and a sour, threatening traitor
When she put it on, she made me vow that I will not sell it, give it or lose it.
When she speaks, is it an alarum to love?
When she weeps, she weeps every little flower, pledging some chastity.
When she went away, she said, “Let this fellow be looked at.” “Fellow!” Not “Malvolio,” nor after my degree, but “fellow.” Why, everything adheres together, that no 
When that time comes, I will not be able to do so.
When the blue lightning seemed to open the breast of heaven, I presented myself even in the aim and flash of it.
When the mind is quickened, the organs, even though they were dead before, break up their drowsy grave and move slowly, with a slough and a fresh legerity.
When was he going to wash his face?
When you do them, Cassius, be content.
When you honor your faith, I will be glad you are married.
Where the worser is predominant, the canker death soon eats up that plant.
Where is Cordelia?
Are you gentle, strong, and valiant?
Do you think Lysander will refuse your love, so rich in his soul, and tender me, forsooth, affection, but by setting on, by your consent?
While you, dear Kate, take a fellow of plain and uncoined constancy, he must do your job right, because he has not the gift to woo in other places.
Who is England’s king but great York’s heir?
Why not wait for the rapid foot of time?
Why should Caesar be a tyrant?
Why, my Lady Wisdom?
Why, sir, do they?
Will she still look at me, who sat on the golden prime of this sweet prince and made her widow to a woeful bed?
Will you give me permission?
Will you rent our ancient love asunder to join men in discrediting your poor friend?
Will you be married under a bush like a beggar?
Were you going to have me?
Have you ever been cross-gartered?
With my hand, I seal my heart’s love.
I will be squeezing her eyes with the juice of this juice and make her full of hateful fantasies.
Yesterday night, the bird of night sat on the marketplace, shrieking and sneezing.
You suddenly arose and sighed, with your arms across the table, and when I asked you what the matter was, you stared upon me with ungentle looks.
And yet you complain of obstruction?
I see that they are as sick as they are that they are that they are too sick to surf with too much as they are that they are not hungry with nothing.
I do not want to mind you, because you are framed by the truth of valor.
I wish I had something to do.
I would not be you, nuncle.
It is dangerous to make him even more o'clock than he has lost.
It is not so.
I will not want to see my sky.
He lets it hop a little from his hand like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, and with a silken thread he swoops back again, so loving-jealous
And yet no matter what.
She will kneel and pray, I have seen her do it.
You will help me out of conflict.
She is still in the world.
I swear I am not that I play.
To say the truth, reason and love keep little company together.
And yon tall anchoring bark,
And yonder, Caesar.
You know, security is mortals' chief enemy.
You are coming in very happy time to bear my greetings to the senators and tell them that I will not come today.
You are well met, Signior Hortensio.
You are by land.
You are by land.
You have to cut this flesh from his breast.
You will be satisfied.
You will speak in the same pulpit as I am going, after my speech is finished.
You, gentle Hero?
You too, sir.
You, fair sister.
You, sir.
You, good yeoman, who had limbs made in England, show us here the mud of your pasture.
You, sir, have arrested me.
You, sir.
You, sir.
You, sir.
You.
Your experience makes you sad.
Your horse would make him an ad.
Your reports have set the murder on.
You have Helena to be the one who will love me till my death.
As he fell, Romeo sat down and flies.
If we have no luck now to'scape' the serpent’s tongue, we will make amends ere long.
As the jest looked away from me, 'Tis ten to one it mutilated you two outright.
As you are, I have dispersed them in troops on the island.
You said (and wisely was it said) that 'Tis meeting that some more audience than a mother should o'erhear The speech, of vantage.
If it is done, Wall will go away.
Being men, bearing the will of Caesar, it will inflame you and make you mad.
For a ceremony, a wretch, letting you sleep and sleep, had the vantage of a king.
And, Demetrius, the more you beat me, the more I will fawn on you.
If he is dying, death is to him advantage
For his passage, the soldiers' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him.
You were too delicate to act her earthy and abhorred commands, and she confined you, with the help of her more powerful ministers, into a cloven pine, in which rift Imprisoned you painful
Friends, disperse yourself.
Let’s kill him boldly, but not wrathfully.
I was a gentle master.
Take this transformated scalp from the head of this Athenian swain, that, when he wakes up when the other does, he will return to Athens again and think no more of the accidents of
Good night.
Good lieutenant, I think you think I love you.
Good night, sweet friend.
Oh, hark!
I thank you all for your kindness and kindness.
If my breast had not been made of faith, and my heart of steel, she would have transformed me into a curtal dog and made me turn i' s wheel.
I will be able to scream and scream, and keep her awake.
When France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
God saw him when he was hid in the garden.
It was a fool, and he said “ay.”
I am going to be able to sup together tonight.
If you are a sister, as the winds give benefit and convey it is assistant, do not sleep, but let me hear from you.
To get to know what you are like to be, cast your humble slough and appear fresh.
You know, if he improves them, he may well be able to make it worse for us all.
Andrew Aguecheek.
Angels and ministers of grace defend us.
Angels are still bright, though the brightest fell.
We will drink a measure round the table.
Anon, anon!
When she is revealed, his silence will be drooping.
Anon!
Anon!
Another shout!
Another Hero!
Another hit.
I have another way to make her come and know her keeper’s call.
Answer as I call you.
Answer every man directly.
Answer me directly.
Answer me in one word.
Answer me like men.
Answer my life my judgment, your youngest daughter does not love you the least, and neither are those empty-hearted who do not sound like hollowness.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock stand up.
Antonio is a good man.
Antonio was never a thief or a pirate, though, as I confess, on base and ground enough, Orsino’s enemy.
Antonio will be bound, well.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I am married to a wife that is as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, I arrest you at the suit of Count Orsino.
Antonio, dear Antonio!
Antonio.
Antony told me of you, bade me trust you, but I do not care much about being deceived.
Antony would be Lord of his reason.
Antony will use his affection wherever he is.
Antony, leave your lascivious wassails.
Any bar, any cross, any obstacle will be med'cinable to me.
Any man who can write can answer a letter.
Any strange beast there makes a man.
Anything that is mended is only patched up.
Anything.
Apollo plays, and twenty cagèd nightingales sing: Or do you sleep?
Apothecary!
Appear and behold!
You are like a sigh!
Approach and speak.
Approach the chamber and destroy your sight with a new Gorgon.
Approach you like the rugged Russian bear, the armed rhinoceros, or your tiger, and take any shape but that, and my firm nerves will never tremble.
Come on, Ariel.
Approach, Sir Andrew.
Approach.
Are all your conquests, glories, triumphs, spoils, all stricken to this little measure?
Are his wits safe?
Are my deserts no better?
Aren’t these woods more free from danger than the envious court?
Are you not?
Are our eyes our own?
Are there balance here to weigh the flesh?
Are there no stones in heaven, but what serves for the thunder?
Are these things spoken, or do I dream?
Are these, I pray you, wind instruments?
Are they “informed” of this?
Are they all ready?
Are they good?
Are they like to take dust, like Mistress Mall’s picture?
Are they married, think you?
Aren’t they now on the western shore, allowing the rebels to take their ships off?
Are they back?
Are they so followed?
Are those my tents where I see the fire?
Are we all together?
Are we all ready?
Are there two Romans who live as well?
Are you a comedian?
Are you a god?
Are you a man?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the woman you talk about, yea or no?
Are you familiar with the difference that holds this question in the court?
Are you answered?
Are you content to stay?
Are you screaming at her to see the wrestling?
Are you drawn up among a world of men to kill the innocent?
Are you fair?
Are you full of them?
Are you good men and true?
Are you he?
Are you his brother?
Are you my wife and will not call me “husband”?
Are you native of this place?
Are you a strumpet?
Are you not good?
Are you not Kent?
Are you not good?
Are you going to do this now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you our daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so gospeled to pray for this good man and for his issue, who has bowed you to the grave and beggared you forever?
Are you so eile now?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure that we are awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Are you there, wife?
Are you wise?
Are you yet determined to marry my brother’s daughter?
Are you still living?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, your charge is exactly what you are doing.
Arise, and say how you came here.
Arise, arise, Awaken the snorting citizens with the bell, or the devil will make a grandsire of you.
Arise, dissembler.
I mean, I say!
You will not kneel.
Arise.
Arm you, I pray you, to this speedy voyage.
Arm, arm, my lord.
Armed, brother?
Armed, my lord.
Armed, say you?
Arms, arms, sword, fire, corruption in the place.
Arms, take your last embrace.
The rump-fed runnion shrieks.
Arrest him, officer.
Isn’t you the fool of Lady Olivia?
What is this house?
Art rich?
Is that a churchman?
Is that a man?
You want to be the same in your own act and in your own valor as you want to be?
You are a fool?
You are less happy, being feared, than they are afraid.
You are contented, Jew?
You have gone so, love, lord?
What are you doing with these shams?
He is his friend?
You are indeed?
You learned it.
You are mad?
Is that my son?
Isn’t you Romeo and a Montague?
Is that a Cornish crew?
You are so bare and full of wretchedness, and you fear to die?
You are so empathetic?
Isn’t you a god, a angel, or a devil that makes my blood cold and my hair to stare?
Is that the slave who has killed mine innocent child with your breath?
Isn’t you there, Diomed?
You are so bold, man, by your distress or a rude despiser of good manners, that you seem so empty in civility?
Isn’t you wise?
As tis said, the son of Gloucester.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
As a walled town is more worthier than a village, the forehead of a married man is more honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor.
As birds do, Mother.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him.
You can be as easy as you can.
As ever, you come of women, come in quickly to Sir John.
As far as I can, my lord, will fill up the time 'Twixt this and supper.
I would have had her spirit in another.
As freely, son, as God gave her me.
As a bear a man would run for life, fly I from her that would be my wife.
As you rise up from your graves, and walk like sprites, to countenance this horror!
As good a gentleman as the emperor.
It is a good cause.
I was so late.
As he smiles, Othello will go mad.
As he was fortunate, I rejoiced at it.
As he was brave, I honor him.
As hell, Sir Topas.
As a gentleman, I will live to be thankful to you for it.
As I am a honest man, he looks pale.
As I am a honest man, I thought you had received some bodily wounds.
As I am Egypt’s queen, you are the homager of Caesar.
As I sat down?
As I sleep under this tree, I dreamed of my master and another fought, and that my master slew him.
As I stood on the hill, I looked towards Birnam, and began to think about the woods.
As I can see, it burns in the Capels' monument.
As I live, my honored lord, is true.
As long as I have life and honor, he will sit until noon.
As I intend to prosper and repent, I will thrive in my dangerous affairs of hostile arms.
I learned that the night before there was no purpose in them.
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I stood here below, I thought his eyes were two full moons.
As I suck blood, I will show mercy.
I am.
As if that name, shot from the deadly level of a gun, killed her, as if that name’s cursed hand Murdered her kinsman.
As if time was in debt.
As ignorant as dirt!
As it determines, I am going to die.
As it ebbs, the seedman sprinkles his grain and sprinkles his grain, and soon comes to harvest.
So long as heaven and nature lengthens it.
As long as hell and Richard likes it.
Love is as important as love is before it loves.
As manhood will grow.
As my eyes opened, I saw their weapons drawn.
As mine on her, so hers is set on mine, and all together, except what you must combine by holy marriage.
He is so thankful for his words.
Thank you Lord Chamberlain.
As a man faithful and honorable.
I am so plain as I see you now.
As men as ever have walked on my handiwork, I have gone on to do so.
I can dispose of her immediately, if she is mine, if she is a gentleman or a woman who will die.
I am not sure what I am doing.
As sure, my liege, as I see your Grace.
As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle as Antony!
As sweet as I am in my breast.
As the cony you see dwells where she is kindled.
As the ox bows, sir, the horse his curbs and the falcon her bells, so man desires his desires
As the time, the place and the condition of this country is set, I wish this would not happen.
As they pass by, slam Casca by the sleeve, and he will tell you what has been done today.
As thick as tale can post with post, every one bears your praises in his kingdom’s great defense, and poured them down before him.
As you do to yourself.
As you got Milan, I will come by Naples.
As a man, give me the cup.
As well as I can, madam.
As wicked as e'er my mother brushed with raven’s feather from unwholesome fen, drop on you both!
As willing as I was, I came from school.
You will be a good man.
As with the meat, some unreserved fault I will find about the making of the bed, and here I will fling the pillow, there the bolster, this way the coverlet, another way the sheets.
As woman’s love.
You are old and reverend, but you should be wise.
As you would be convicted of crimes, let your indulgence set me free.
As you do on him, Demetrius dote on you!
As you will be sure, praise us.
As young as I am, I have seen these three swashers.
Ascend her chamber, and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you will find me a grave man.
Ask her forgiveness?
Ask me what I know.
I doubt it.
Asses are made to bear, and you are the same.
Assist, good friends.
Assume a virtue if you do not have it.
Assuredly, the thing is to be sold.
I am not.
I am not.
At Crosby Place, you will find us both.
I will call every house I call.
First, the hearty welcome.
The infant was first born, Mewling and puking in the nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock I will receive the money for the same.
At home, my lord.
You are in the land of my father’s house, but since the cuckoo does not build for himself, you will not be able to live in the land you are.
At land, you know how much we do o’ercount you.
I left them a little too late, and I sat down in the pool beyond your cell, dancing up to your chins, and the lake sunk their feet.
He raised a sigh so pitieously and profoundly that it seemed to shatter his entire body and end his being.
I am sure it will be in Denmark.
At least two glasses.
Good lady.
If I do not know what I want to give, I will not give anything I want to give.
I am in my house.
At night we will feast together.
At nine i' m morning here we will meet again.
Good night.
In our synagogue, Tubal.
At Pembroke, or Ha'rfordwest in Wales.
At Sardis once, and this last night here in Philippi fields.
At sea, I think.
At seventeen years, many of their fortunes seek, but at fourscore, it is too late a week.
I will leave my daughter to him.
At the duke’s oak we meet.
At this hour, Lie at my mercy all my enemies.
At this same ancient feast of Capulet’s Supps the fair Rosaline whom you love so much with all the admired beauties of Verona.
If you ask, monster, I will do anything to make you feel good.
At your choice, sir.
At your leisure.
At your noble pleasure.
At your request!
Attend the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester.
I understand your meaning partly.
Authority.
Avaunt, you witch!
You are a savage man.
Avaunt!
Avoid what is going on.
Avoid him and leave him.
Come to remember these dead and renew their feats with your powerful arm.
Awaken, awaken!
I am awake, I say.
Awaken, sir.
Awaken!
I will be able to walk away from the flowers.
You are there!
You are there.
You are right!
You are right here.
Away with the joint-stools, remove the court-cupboard, look to the plate.
We are going to Athens.
Let me die.
You can make the most of the time with the fairest show.
You will be gone.
He is coming here.
Get away.
Go away!
Go!
I beg you, both away.
Make sure to grab yourself.
Away, old man.
You are a little man.
You are right, then!
You are right.
Away, Tybalt.
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are right!
You are detested!
You are my husband.
I have two friends who are afflicting each other.
What news do you have?
You are right!
You are right!
You have to die.
It is strong, and it is indifferent to a dun-colored stock.
He told me about her first.
Ay, a tailor, sir.
You have been a thousand times.
Oh, amen!
A bold one, that will look at that which might kill the devil.
I think it is a kind one.
He is a subtle person.
Ay, and briefly.
Ay, and brought off the field.
You die for that.
He will tame her.
I will give him a freebie.
I said nothing but what I protested of doing.
You and the proudest of you all will find him when he comes home.
I am thirty, and I am thirty, all of which are abandoned from your bed.
You are right.
Ay, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, where Caesar fought with Pompey.
You have twenty.
Ay, and Wall too.
You are wise.
Are you there?
Ay, at Philippi.
Ay, ay, the cords.
Ay, ay, three thousand ducats.
Ay, ay.
Ay, ay.
Ay, ay.
Good Touchstone.
I am better than him than I am before.
Come with me, Biddy.
You are ready.
Ay, boy.
You are not going to be a good one.
He will not be pacified now.
You know, but I know what you know.
You are right, but not enough.
I was a little disappointed.
You are right, but not rough enough.
He will never be a man until he is a man.
The feet were lame and couldn’t bear themselves without the verse, and therefore stood lamely in the verse.
You know, but the mustard is too hot a little.
You know, but their sense is shut down.
You know, but these English are shrewdly out of beef.
When?
You know, but, lady, that policy may either last so long, or feed on such a nice and watery diet, or breed itself so out of circumstances, that, being absent and my place supplied, my general will forget my
You are my lord.
I never wanted to see you more.
I hope that the case will be amended.
Caesar, but not gone.
Ay, Casca.
We have stayed with Celia for your sake.
Ay, Desdemona.
Do you fear it?
You know, do.
Ay, dread Queen.
You are king.
You are all right.
Ay, for the state, not for Antonio.
Forsooth.
If it was light enough, you would be a gentle cousin.
Go your way, go your way.
Good fool.
Good lord.
Ay, he spoke Greek.
He was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
He.
Ay, his breast.
Ay, husband.
I do.
I praise God, and I have earned some love from him.
I thank God, my father, and you.
If a woman lives to be a man, you will be a man.
If I am alive and your mind holds and your dinner worth the eating.
If I know the letters and the language, I will be able to do that.
If Messala prefers me to you, I will be happy to help you.
If the devil you will do good, you will do good.
If the fool could find it where it lies, you would be able to find it.
If you do, you will get a profit and a right.
If you are not, you will be able to remember your self.
You go for men, as hounds and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs, sands, water-rugs, and demi-wolves are all clept by the name of
You do me a little bit of a sham.
Yes, yes!
I can’t believe him.
I can barely tarry so long.
Oh, leeks are good.
Ay, Lepidus.
Let her rot and perish and be damned tonight, because she will not live.
Let the county take you in your bed.
Ay, lord.
I am mad, but tonight I will return.
I am so far away from these hands.
It is common.
Ay, madam, twenty messengers.
I was born and born in a country that is not three hours away.
Oh, madam.
Oh, madam.
I am, sir, and now it is plotted.
You marry, sir.
You are a saint, and you are a saint.
You are not married.
You are not married.
You must marry.
You are now a woman.
Now it is ready to work.
Ay, marry, was ok, and he put it by thrice, every time he was gentler than other, and at every putting-by mine, honest neighbors shouted.
You are married, what is he?
Why was he sent to England?
You are master.
He taught us to weep.
I have lost my fortune in my misfortune.
Ay, mistress, and Petruchio are the masters, who teach you tricks eleven and twenty long to tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
More.
I would not have it.
Oh, my commander.
Oh my good lord.
Oh my good lord.
Oh, my liege, please let us know.
Oh, my lord, you are not welcome.
Oh, my lord, I do the same thing.
Oh, my lord.
Oh, my lord.
Oh, my lord.
Ay, noble lord.
I am in Arden, the more fool I am.
Oh, on mine honor.
I hope to find you on his party for the benefit of his party.
Ay, on the front.
You can show him any show that you will show him.
You may go so far.
Ay, or very falsely pocket up his report.
Ay, past all surgery.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Ay, sir, for three months.
I have a pretty wit.
I thank God.
I have been in Pisa for many years, and I am a renown for grave citizens.
You are right, sir, it is too true, God will help you.
You are the sergeant of the band. He is the one who brings any man to answer it and breaks his band.
You are ready, sir.
We are some of her trappings.
There are a crew of wretched souls that keep his cure.
You are right, sir.
You are right, sir.
I think so.
I thought it was a good idea.
Please, your Majesty.
We will.
He has left me with some of his grief to suffer with him.
Ay, springs to catch woodcocks.
Ay, sweet Rosalind.
He did.
He was.
That was Petruchio’s name.
That is the way.
You are the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
You know, there is.
There is the villany.
You are the best person to wear.
You are a poor ghost, while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe.
Ay, to a niggardly host and more sparing guest.
You are right, to me.
As long as mountains are for winds, that does not shake, even though they blow perpetually.
You are too gentle.
If you are truly, the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a badd, than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness.
Two hours together.
Good, my lord.
What else?
What about that?
When the special thing is well obtained, that is, her love, for that is all in all.
Ay, widow Dido.
Ay, with a twink.
Ay, with Cassio.
You wish I would make her turn.
You have been a mouse-hunt in your time, but I will watch you from that moment on.
You would beg, I would be in distress.
Let no one enter, so I will not break your hat.
You are right.
You are right.
You are right.
You are good, fair gentleman.
You are right, sir.
I will slap these treasons on your head, with the hell-hated lie o'erwhelming your heart.
You will not return to the house, unless you do so with me, which you will be able to answer him with as much safety as possible.
Back, slave, or I will break your sleeve down.
Bad is the world, and all will come to a halt when such ill dealings are seen in thought.
Good news, my lord.
Bade him anon return and here speak with me, the thing he promised.
Balm his foul head in warm distilled waters and burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet.
Banquo and Donalbain!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
If you find heaven, you must find it tonight.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman, to whom my father is not all unknown.
Bar Harry England, that sweeps through our land with pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Barnardo has my place.
Barnardo?
Barren my wit?
Base is the slave who pays.
You will die.
Bassanio told him he would make some speed of his return.
Basting.
Bate, I beg you, widow Dido.
Be a god.
Be ok.
Be a child o’ th time.
Be helpful and help in the distress of the good man.
If you do, it will have scope.
Be as ourselves in Denmark.
Be sure we use our hands and not our tongues.
Be sure you can.
Be attentive.
Be better at your leisure.
Be better suited.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
Be bold and take your stand.
Be brief, so that your kindness will last longer telling than your kindness date.
Be brisk 0awhile, and the longer liver takes all.
Be by, good madam, when we awaken him.
Be certain, nothing truer.
Be choked with such another emphasis!
Be clamorous and leap all civil bounds, rather than make a return to the world.
Be collected.
Be comforted, dear madam.
Be comforted, good madam.
Be bold and brief.
Be eloquent in my behalf to her.
Be frightened for redressing all these griefs, and I will set my foot on my behalf as far as I can get.
Be a bit frightened, fortune, for then, I hope, you will not keep him long, but send him back.
Be gentle to her.
Be gone!
Be happy.
Whatever you decide, either for her stay or for her stay.
Be it, Lysander.
Be it.
Be Kent unmannerly when Lear is mad.
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman.
Be large in mirth.
Be lion-mettled, proud, and take no care of who chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are.
Be merciful, great duke, to men of mold.
Be merciful, say “tote” because exile has more terror in his look, much more than death.
Be near me, that I may remember you.
Be not afeard.
Be careful not to fear greatness.
Be afraid, though you see me being armed.
Be afraid.
Be not disturbed by my infirmity.
Be not lost so poorly in your thoughts.
Be not offended.
Be not so eiled to confuse my meaning.
Be not.
Be careful not to delay by a delay.
Be sure not to be too late.
Be not too tame, but let your own discretion be your tutor.
Be not you ashamed to show, he will not shame you to tell you what it means.
Be of good cheer, youth.
Be of good cheer.
Be patient till the last.
Be patient, for the prize I will bring you to Shall hoodwink this mischance.
Be patient, because the world is large and wide.
Be patient, you will remain with us.
Be patient, gentlemen.
Be patient.
Be sure to tell us how you take the offers we have sent you.
Be quiet and depart.
Be quiet, people.
Be ruled by me
Be governed by me.
Be ruled.
Be silent.
Be simple-answered, because we know the truth.
Be subject to no sight, but to mine and to mine, invisible to every eyeball.
Be that you know you and then you are as great as you fear.
Be the Jacks fair inside, the Jills fair without, the carpets laid and everything in order?
Are these the wretches that we played at dice?
Be this the whetstone of your sword.
Be you a spirit of health or goblin damned, bring with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell, be wicked or charitable, you come in such a questionable form that I will speak to you.
Be sure, Cassio, I will do all my best to help you.
Be familiar, but by no means vulgar.
Behold, you are my witness that against my will, as Pompey was, I am compelled to fight all our liberties.
Be your mouth or black or white, do-de, de-de.
Be trusty, and I will stop your pains.
Be valiant, and speed well.
Be warned by me, and they fall into foul bogs.
Be careful.
Be wise, and get you home.
Be witness to me, O thou blessed moon, when men revolted upon record bear hateful memory, poor Enobarbus did before you face repentance.
Be you constant in the accusation, and my sanity will not shame me.
Be you his eunuch, and you will be my mute.
Be your tears wet?
Be you sad or merry, the violence of either you becomes, and no man else.
Bear free thoughts and patience.
Bear this body and attend our will.
Bear him away.
Bear him my head.
Bear it coldly but until midnight and let the issue show itself.
Bear it straight, and bring your master home immediately.
Bear me forthwith to his creditor, and, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it.
Bear me, good friends, where Cleopatra bides.
Bear you well in it and leave us alone.
Bear them from there.
Bear welcome in your eye, your hand, your tongue.
Bear with him, Brutus.
Bear with my weakness.
Bear your face in mind?
Beat him enough.
Beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat—
Beatrice— I will go in faith.
Beauty provokes thieves sooner than gold.
Because I would not see your cruèl nails pluck out his poor old eyes, nor do you see your fierce sister in his flesh stick boarish fangs.
Because my name is George.
Because I know you sometimes for my fool and chat with you, your sanity will jest upon my love and make a common habit of my serious hours.
Because you keep the stroke of your begging and my meditation.
Because their business is still out of the door.
Because they are not eight?
Because we come to you to serve and you think we are ruffians, you will have your daughter covered with a barbary horse.
Because, look you, you do not love it, nor your affections and your appetites and your digestions do not agree with it, I would like you to eat it.
Before and after.
I am very wise.
Before me, she is a good wench.
Before my body I throw my warlike shield.
I would not believe this without the avouch of my own eyes.
Before the days of change, it was still so.
Before the eyes of both our armies here, which should not perceive anything but love from us, let us not wrangle.
Before the time is out?
Before I was there, I saw Athens as a paradise for me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” you can breathe twice and cry “So, so!” Each one, tripping on his toe, is a sigh.
Before you hazard, because when I choose wrong I lose your company.
Begy another of your daughters.
I am so poor, I thank you, and I thank you, dear friends, for your kindness.
Start with these woodbirds but to pair now?
Start to grow upon me?
Start!
Start.
Start.
Beguiled, divorcé, wronged, spited, killed!
Behind the abbey wall I will be with you within this hour and bring you cords made like a stair, which must be my convoy in the secret night.
Behind the scenes, I will tell you how to hear the process.
You will see.
You see how she blushes here.
You see it stained with his most noble blood.
You can see the sand on their carriages, with fatal mouths swung on the girded Harfleur.
You see the threaden sails, born with a invisible and creeping wind, draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea, breasting the lofty surge.
You are this man.
You see where is the usurper’s cursèd head.
You have a weapon.
You are, sir.
There are the skets, noble Prince.
You are right, it is my privilege to honor my profession.
You are right!
Being done unknown, I would have found it well done after that, but I must condemn it now.
Being entertained for a perfumer, as I smoking a musty room, brings me the Prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference.
Being holiday, the beggar’s shop is shut.
Being so frustrate, tell him, he mocks the pauses he makes.
Being unprepared, we became the servant to defect, which would have been freed.
Believe me for mine honor, and have respect for mine honor that you may believe.
Believe me, I am not.
Believe me, I cannot.
Believe me, I had rather lost my purse full of crusadoes.
Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook.
Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.
Believe me, no.
If I had such a venture, I would have a better chance of expressing my affections abroad.
Believe me, sir, it has a brave form.
Believe me, sir, they are all together.
Believe none of us.
Believe it.
If you please, I can do strange things.
Believe what?
Be like a rumor.
I could beteeming for rain, which I could betray.
As he wore his wife's hood, he shut the doors against his way.
As a noble gentleman, he will be able to return here.
Be like some things, I know what.
It seems like they had some notice of how I moved them.
I think this is a man of that slur.
As if this show is a sign of the play.
You have a great number of people.
Bellario greets you with grace.
Belong you to the Lady Olivia, friends?
Belovèd Regan, Thy sister’s naught.
Bemonster is not your feature.
Benedicite.
Did you note the daughter of Signior Leonato?
Benvolio, who started this bloody fray?
Be sure to be with you, father.
Besoil him for not!
He has a heart for me.
I am so shrewd, but I love her very much.
If I did it, I would have done it for the whole world.
I think you are happy in this second match, because it excels your first match.
I met a lion, who glared upon me and went over me, without bothering me.
Antonio accredited the Duke of Texas, who were not with Bassanio in his ship.
He brings his destiny with him.
His cote, his flocks, and his feed bounds are now on sale, and now, because of his absence, there is nothing that you will feed on.
I have a business in the town.
I like you.
In mercy, the constable wants you to be a good man, so that your souls can make a peaceful and sweet decision to retire from these fields where, wretches, their poor bodies must lie and fester
If he had the money to discharge the Jew, he would not take it.
We are still hearingkning, and we might be interrupted.
Our hands are hard.
She uses me with a more exalted respect than anyone else who follows her.
The king’s name is a tower of strength which they will have upon the adverse party.
The knave is handsome, young, and has all those requisites in him that are ruined by evil and green minds.
Then, as their writers say, King Pepin, who deposèd Childeric, inherited the crown of France.
There is no king, be his cause never so spotless, if it comes to the arbitrament of swords, who can try it with all unspotted soldiers.
All of them are fresh.
They are our outward consciences and preachers to us all, admonising that we should dress us fairly for our purpose.
They have burned and carried away all that was in the king’s tent, so the king has caused every soldier to cut his prisoner’s throat.
You become dishonest.
If he was out of Venice, I would have the heart of him if he was forfeited.
Best of comfort, and ever welcome to us.
Best safety lies in fear.
You have a great chance to save the host.
If you are lucky, and believe that Caesar is no merchant, you will be able to win a prize of things that merchants sold.
Betrayed I am.
Better be with the dead, who we have sent to peace, than on the torture of the mind to lie in a slumberless ecstasy.
You may have a better cheer, but not with a better heart.
I would have been better off distracting myself, should my thoughts be shattered from my griefs and my fears become worsened by wrong imaginations.
Better if they all came by his father, or by the father, there was none, because emulation who will be closest to us will touch us all too close if God does not.
Better Macbeth than an old one to reign.
Better once than never, for never too late.
If you had not been born, then you would have been happier.
Bettering your loss makes the bad causer worse.
Who is there?
Be careful Macduff.
Beware of entering a dispute, but being in, bear a caution against you.
Be careful of the ides of March.
Be careful of the mighty Fife.
Beyond imagination, it is the wrong thing that she has thrown on me this day.
Bianca’s love made me exchange my state with Tranio, while he did bear my countenance in the town, and I have arrivèd at the last unto the wishèd haven of my
If you want to hear every noise, you should be still.
Let your sisters come home.
Bid Gloucester think of this, and he will weep.
Bid her to come here.
Bid her a good heart.
Bid him to bring his pen and inkhorn to the jail.
He will give him the greatest strength and power that he can make and meet me suddenly at Salisbury.
Bid him to report the feature of Octavia: her years, her inclination.
Bid him to set his powers before, and we will follow.
He should also consider his ransom, which must be proportional to the losses we have suffered, the subjects we have lost, the shame we have digested, which, in weight to re-answer, would bow under his
I will be back.
I will tear the bond.
We will be punished for the welcome that comes to us, and we will be punished.
The players will be begging for a quick response.
Bid them to make me smile and sell my bones.
Bid them all to fly, because when I am revenged on my charm, I have done everything.
Bid them all to fly.
Bid them near.
Bid them away.
Bid your friends welcome, show a merry cheer.
The wind blows the earth into the sea or swells the water 'bove the main, that things might change or cease.
Big Mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host and faintly through a rusty beaver peeps.
Bind his arms fast.
Bind him, I say.
I have a wound.
Biondello, what is that?
Black night o'ershaded your day, and death thy life.
Bleed, bleeding, poor country!
Blessed the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
You will be saved from whirlwinds, star-blasting, and taking!
You will be blessed, and you will be blessed.
Give thanks to your five wits.
Bless us!
You are a blessing, fair dame!
Blessed pudding!
Blind is his love and is the best thing to do with the dark.
Bliss will be upon you!
Be a good friend for such a wish!
If you hide the crown even in your hearts, there will be a hefty punishment.
Bloody, bawdy villain!
Boatswain!
If Bondage is hoarse, and may not speak aloud, I would tear the cave where Echo lies, and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine, with repetition of “My Romeo!” It
Bonos dies, Sir Toby.
Borachio.
Borrow Cupid’s wings and soar with them above a common bound.
He loves both of us.
Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.
He denies me one and another.
Both our remedies within your help and holy physic lies.
Both sides are even.
Both are the same, Master Constable.
He is here too long, to blame.
Both with an Ah, mocker, that is the dog’s name.
Both your majesties, by the sovereign power you have of us, may put your dreadful pleasures more in command than to eat.
Both, my girl.
Both, my lord.
Both?
Bottom line!
Intemperance is a tyranny.
Boy, this will not excuse the injuries that you have done me.
Boy!
Is it a skein of thread in my house?
Break an hour’s promise in love?
Breathe Merriman, the poor cur is embossed, and couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach.
Let me be brief.
I recovered him, bound up his wound, and after some small space, I was strong at heart.
I am here.
I am very happy, sir.
Briefness and fortune, work!
Bring a corollary, rather than want a spirit.
Bring only men-children, because your unavoidable sham should compose nothing but men-children.
Bring her to try her main course.
Bring him away.
Bring him to us.
Bring him silently.
Bring him through the bands.
Bring him with triumph home to his house!
Bring him, dead or living, within this twelve month or turn you out of our territory.
Bring it to me in the orchard.
Bring it to that, the gold I give you will melt and spit down your ill-uttering throat.
Bring me a father who loved his child, who is overwhelmed with joy like mine, and ask him to speak of patience.
Bring me to the brim of it, and I will repair the suffering you do not bear with something rich about me.
Bring me to the table just to see the numbers dead on both our parts.
Bring me no more reports.
Bring me to Antony.
Bring me to Octavius.
Bring me to tell you how tall she is.
Bring the villain back.
Bring them to us.
Bring the master to the citadel.
Bring us the letter.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, is that the morning which breaks yonder?
Brother of Gloucester, you mistakenly do it.
Brother— Content yourself.
Brother, good night.
Brother, ho!
Brother, I will do my best to you.
Brother, I will go and bring it to you.
Brother, my lord the duke, stand up and do as we do.
This town was built by that famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most renommated uncle.
Have you brought Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and her forehead are as low as she would wish.
You can go.
What should be in that “Caesar”?
Brutus hat my heart rived.
If Brutus was not in health, he would have the means to come by it.
Brutus killed me.
He will lead, and we will grace his heels with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus speaks.
Brutus, a word with you.
Brutus, bait not me.
Brutus, my friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Now, in the names of all the gods at once, what meat does this Caesar feed that he is grown so great?
I do not know what to do.
Burn, but his books.
Burn!
It is a spirit.
It is all one thing, it is not the same as my fingers to my fingers, and there are salmons in both.
It is gone.
It is not so above.
It is not so.
It is strange.
It is a harsh hearing when women are froward.
But adieu.
After many ceremonies, he calls for wine.
Remember what you said and show yourself true Romans.
So soon as the sun starts to blow out the shady curtains from Aurora’s bed, I will steal my heavy son home.
All the charms of love, Salt Cleopatra, soften your wanned lip.
All the story of the night told over, and all their minds transfigured together, more witnesses than fancy’s images and grows to something of great constancy, but, however, strange and admirable.
All this was my first knowledge.
Antonio is certainly gone.
Are my brother’s powers set forth?
Aren’t we all sick?
Are they safe, Ariel?
Are you so in love as your rhymes speak?
Are you sure Benedick loves Beatrice so much?
You are not too giddy with the fashion, that you have moved out of your tale and told me about the fashion?
If you didn’t advise him, he took some time to get her to teach her.
You have drowned, Stephano?
He is not as good as he is.
As all is mortal in nature, all is mortal in love, and all is mortal in love.
As I think, I came with Hermia.
But as well?
I swear I cannot tell you how I came here.
Be armed for some unhappy words.
Being widow, and my Gloucester with her, will let all the building in my fancy swell upon my hateful life.
I am jealous of you!
I have never done better than now to offer you a better service.
Brother Anthony— Come, it is no matter.
He says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
He returns to Romeo, who had but recently entertained revenge, and to stop them from going like lightning, because I could draw to see them stout Tybalt slain.
By immortality, she is mine.
He is a master.
Can you guess that he will do it?
You will not be disappointed.
He is the old Lord Gonzalo, and his tears run down like winter’s drops from eaves of reeds.
Come on.
Come what sorrow can, it cannot counterbalance the exchange of joy that one short minute gives me in her sight.
Come on, I will tell you all my device when I am in my coach, which stays for us at the gate.
Come, my lord, let’s go.
Come, young waver, come, go with me, in one respect I will your assistant be, for this alliance may be so happy to prove to turn your household's rancor to pure love.
Come, Bergomask.
They are dead and devilish slaves by you.
Did I ever speak of that time?
Did you ever tell him she was false?
Did you ask for it to be cut?
Did you think the Prince would have served you in this way?
Did you see them dead?
Did you hear without asking how your name should be hanged and carved on these trees?
But you died of her love, my boy?
Do not go with it.
Do not seek further compensation than your own happiness.
Do not.
Do not stifle the even virtue of our enterprise, nor the insuppressive mettle of our spirits, to think that or our cause or our performance had to be done with a oath, when every
Do you hear your marriage, sir, without asking my goodwill?
Does he know that I am in this forest and in men’s apparel?
But down.
It was either different in blood or in blood.
Oh, let me say no more!
As we could get to the point proposed, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I sink!” I, as Aeneas, our great ancestor, did from the flames of Troy upon his shoulder
You are good.
You are good.
You are good.
Fathers who bear bags will see their children kind.
Fear not to take on you what is yours.
There are few names of any kind.
I will first release the fairy queen.
I will first turn yon fellow in his grave and then return to my love.
Fish not with this melancholy bait for this fool gudgeon, this opinion.
If you are a fine, charming, graceful, and excellent man, you will be worth ten on a tee.
You will have as many dolors for your daughters as you can tell in a year.
I have not sounded him for his purpose in the coronation, nor he delivered His gracious pleasure in any way there.
For my daughter Katherine, I know that this is not your turn, the more I feel.
But for the bloody napkin?
I would have forgotten it by heaven.
But for the seventh cause.
For the stuffing, we are all mortal.
But for the whole world?
Which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me?
He is noble, wise, judicious, and knows the best of the season.
For your private satisfaction, because I love you, I will let you know.
For your words, they rob the Hybla bees and leave them honeyless.
I will be able to do so.
Get you back.
Give me your hand, Menas.
Does your heart do that?
Good lieutenant, is your general wived?
Had he a chain of you?
Hast du yet latched the Athenian’s eyes with the love juice, as I had promised you to do?
Have I fallen out, or no?
Have I been unable to get a good deal of sleep?
Have you both been sworn in?
He is armed in his fortune and prevents the slander of his wife.
He has promised me that he will not hurt you, as he is a gentleman and a soldier.
He has chid me hence and threatened me to strike me, spur me—nay, to kill me too.
He loves Caesar best
He protests that he loves you and needs no other suitor than his likings to take the safest occasion by the front to bring you back in.
He sleeps.
He who sneezes from me my good name Robs me of what he does not enrich him and makes me poor.
He who tempered you bade you, will not give you any reason why you should do treason, unless you are a traitor.
He who will never believe all that they say will never be saved by half that he does.
He, poor man, died by your first order, and a wingèd Mercury beared.
You will hear your voice, Gratiano.
But heavenly Rosalind!
Here is Antony.
Here is Antony.
My father comes here.
Here is the lady.
Here are the people who come here.
Here is a parchment with the seal of Caesar.
He met me on the mart, and that I beat him and charged him with a thousand marks in gold, and I denied my wife and house.
He is too weak to support the conflict.
He is a hollow man, like horses hot at hand, who is a savage man.
How did you want it to be made?
How has she received his love?
How is it that this lives in your mind?
How long will her sweet life last?
How long will that title last?
How should Prospero live and be here?
How, but how?
How, my lord, will we resist it now?
Oh, no more.
I am the star of the northern star, of whom I am a true-fixed and resting star.
I am a big blamer.
I am sent to find those people who have names here writ, and never find what names the writer has here writ.
I am shepherding to another man and do not shear the fleeces that I graze.
I beg you to pardon me.
I can tell you why a snail has a house.
I can tell you that this duke Hath ta'en displeasure 'contrared his gentle niece, and he rounded upon no other argument, but that the people praise her for her virtues and
I confess, sir, that we were locked out.
I prophesy the lights on Fortinbras.
I see you are moved.
I think it is their husbands' faults if they fall.
I feel this deity in my bosom.
I had a lot of time to drink in one day.
I have reason to pry into this pedant.
I have heard him say that if he is a son, he should be as ward to the son and the son should manage his income.
I have none.
I have spoken with one who saw him die, who said he confessed to his treasons, implored your highness' pardon and set forth a deep repentance.
I have, sir, a son by law, some year older than this, who is yet to be dearer in my account.
I hope you have no intention of turning husband, have you?
I know nothing, and therefore I am no beast.
I know that being up late is not enough.
I might see Cupid’s fiery shaft sunk in the chaste beams of the watery moon, and the imperial votaress passed on, in maiden meditation, fancy-free.
I must tell you that Claudio is facing my challenge, and either I will hear from him in a few minutes, or I will subscribe to him as a coward.
I feel that you are so modest that you will not extort from me what I am willing to keep in.
I pray you should give him my counterfeiting.
I pray you, ergo, old man, ergo, I beseech you, talk you of young Master Launcelot?
I pray you, tell me, is my boy, God, rest his soul, alive or dead?
I pray you, who is his companion?
I pray, can you read anything you see?
I remember now that I am in this earthly world where to do harm is often laudable, to do good sometime.
I will be begging you to be apologied.
I will see that the wing is a wing that overtakes such children.
I will be acquainting my daughter withal, that she is the better prepared for an answer if she does not know what to do.
I will not stir from this place, but do what they can.
I will punish my home.
I will tarry.
I will tell you at some meeter season.
I will do this in another key, with pomp, with triumph and with reveling.
I will write to Mantua again and keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
I will warm myself with blowing the fire.
I would be unable to fall back into my dreams.
I was hungry for meat, giddy for lack of sleep, with a sigh of relief and with a sigh of relief.
If I had faith, I would have been a woman by right.
I will punish you with a fine that you will all be able to repent the loss of mine.
I will be hanged, sir, if he wears your livery.
I will catch thin eyes, though they had wings.
I will go in.
I will not chide you.
I will see you in the coming weeks.
If all of this is false, the supposition of the death of the lady will stop her infamy.
If he is at hand, I will be satisfied.
If he hadn’t been drinking, he would have thrown you out of the way.
If I give my wife a handkerchief, what would I do?
If I had enough to get out of this wood, I would have enough to serve my own turn.
If it is a sin to honor honor, I am the most offending soul alive.
If it were, she would have to be careful not to comb your sleeve with a three-legged stool and paint your face and use you like a fool.
If she cannot love you, sir?
If I am, then I know that your weeping sister is no wife of mine, and I do not have to pay homage to her.
If the cause is not good, the king himself has a heavy reckoning to make, when all those legs and arms and heads, chopped off in a battle, will join together at the latter day and cry all, “We
If these are enough to fire enough to fire and to steel with valor the melting spirits of women, then, countrymen, what do we need to do to prick us to recover?
If you die before I come, you are a mocker of my work.
If you break her virgin knot before all sanctimonious ceremonies may be ministered with full and holy rite, the heavens will not let the heavens fall to make this contract grow, but barren hate, sour
If you were ever like mine, I would never think that man loved it.
If we fail, we can’t do it on land.
If you remember it, I did not want you to do it to the time.
If you refuse to marry me, you will give yourself to this faithful shepherd.
If you fail, without more speech, my lord, you must be gone from here immediately.
If you have a stomach, you will have me help you in all.
If you know this, my manners tell me that we have your wrong rebuke.
I do not care for you, sir.
In my terms of honor, I am aloof and will not reconcile with some elder masters until I have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name ungored.
I would not think that would happen.
If I do not do my job, I will be a child.
In this way, you have to be the one who is worthless.
I will be burying your daughter in the womb, where they will breed Selves of themselves, to your recomfort.
I was an old religious uncle of mine who taught me to speak, who was in his youth a inland man who knew too well of courtship, because there he fell in love.
Is all this for your father?
He is often so?
Is there another way to see this broken music in his sides?
Is there no sequel to this mother’s admiration?
Is this law?
It becomes me enough, does it?
I am certain that you are only loved by all ladies.
It is no treason to cut French crowns, and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper.
It is no matter what.
It is no matter what.
It is true, without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk, that the good Antonio, the honest Antonio—oh, I had a title good enough to keep his name company!— Come, the
It will not be so long, but this wrestler will clear all.
It is not enough that the day will end, and then the end is known.
It was, as I received it, and others, who cried in the top of mine, an excellent play, well digested in the scenes, set down with as much modesty as cunning.
It would be better to change your mind.
It would warm his spirits to hear from me that you had left Antony and put yourself under his sham.
But jealous souls will not be answered.
I have wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero’s gentlewoman, by the name of Hero tonight.
Leave everything to God.
Give it to your enemy, who, if he breaks, you may face better punishment.
If my liking would not seem too sudden, I would have sat down with a longer treatise.
If I do not get guilty of self wrong, I will stop my ears against the mermaid’s song.
Let her live.
Let it be.
Let it rest.
Let me hear the letter of your friend.
Let me go to my fortune and the skets.
Let’s go.
Let them measure us by what they will.
Let’s rearrange the more we think, the more we think we will, the more we think we will be able to spit out our lust-weary Antony.
Let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I be foiled, there is only one shamed, never gracious, if killed, but one dead, willing to be killed.
My wife, and all the world are not with me, but above me.
Being weary of these worldly bars, life never lacks power to dismiss itself.
But little.
Look at it: Find out your brother, where he is.
Macbeth is.
Make amends now.
Manhood is melted into curtsies, valor is complimented, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too.
Poor knight, what a terrible dole there is.
Men can do things after their fashion, and they can do things without the purpose of the things themselves.
My uncle-father and aunt-mother are deceived.
Nature should bring forth its own kind, all abundance, to feed my innocent people.
You are a man who is a man of power.
Nine people struck.
I told him that day, I was as much as I had asked him to be apologied.
No metal can be used to make you feel half the slew of your sharp envy.
I will not let my eye go deeper than your consent gives you strength to make it fly.
What are these gentlemen?
Not with such familiar situations as this, nor with such free and friendly conference as he used old.
I am not royal.
Not to mention me, signor.
I will be a little rushed.
Now you know, in the quick forge and workinghouse of thought, how London doesth eat her citizens.
I see our lances are only straws, our strength as weak, our weakness past compare, that seems to be the most which we are most.
I was the lord of this fair mansion, master of my servants, Queen o'er myself.
Now I will tell you joyous tales, girl.
In the division of the kingdom, it appears that the dukes he values most, because equalities are so weighed that curiosity in neither can make choice of either’s moiety.
Now my eyes, which I have hailed at you, hurt you.
Now the duke of Buckingham and I are from visiting his majesty.
They rise again with twenty mortal murders on their crowns and push us from our stools.
Now, Baptista, to your younger daughter.
Now, I tell you that I am better than I was.
What do you say to me?
Now, my lord.
Tomorrow, when we will have state to Crave us together.
Oh, how bitter it is to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
How odd will it sound that I must ask my child forgiveness?
How vile an idol proves this god!
Poor Gloucester— He lost his other eye?
Old folks, many feign as they were dead, unwieldy, slow, heavy, and pale as lead.
On your side, I may not be too far from being seen, so I will be executed in his father’s sight.
But one cup.
I will fight their legions one fiend at a time.
He will not be commanded.
One, poor one, one poor and loving child, but one thing to rejoice and solace in, and cruel death has catched it from my sight.
If you are a retinue, you can do it in a ruthless manner.
It is Maria’s hand.
Passion gives them power, time means, to meet, he is a sweet man.
You have a new story.
Tell me who.
Is he coming home?
My lord, it was not registered, but Methinks the truth should live from age to age, as it was retailed to all posterity, even to the general all-ending day.
Is it dinnertime?
I said o'er what I have said before.
Seven years since, in Syracusa, you know we have parted.
But will it be in the near future?
Will I live in hope?
We will wear these glories for a day, or will they last and we rejoice in them?
She is far more than Sycorax than her best friend.
She is none.
She is now the wife of Marcus Antonius.
She keeps the lovèd boy from being crowned with flowers and makes him feel like she is all about her joy.
She, your subject, is not so sovereign.
Ships are only boards, sailors but men.
Since he is better, we have therefore odds.
Since he is obdurate and that no lawful means can carry me out of his envy’s reach, I oppose my patience to his fury and am armed to suffer with a quietness of spirit.
Since it is as good as it is, you can do it for your own good.
Since the affairs of men are still uncertain, let’s blame the worst that may be happening.
Small to larger matters must give way.
You are soft, let me be.
You are soft, behold!
It was soft, but soft for a while.
I pray you are soft.
But soft!
But soft!
You can speak to me.
Do you want to speak about this with a sad brow?
But speak, Egeus.
Stay for awhile.
Stop my ears and let me fall asleep.
But such officers do the best service in the end.
You can do it well and look at them all.
I am sure we will not win him.
I was so brave that he put me in a heartbreaking passion.
I smile at swords, weapons laugh to shame, and are brandished by a man born.
Take a taste of my finding him and enjoy it with good observance.
If you are not mad, tell me true.
Tell me yet, do you know my voice?
Tell me, is George Stanley living?
Tell me not.
Tell us, do you hear whether Antonio has lost or not on the sea?
I am afraid to tell the secrets of my prison house, but I could tell you a tale of a light word that would harrow your soul, freeze your young blood, and bury your blood.
I do not.
If you would like to make it another way, sir, I would be happy to say that it would be a double-deal.
I should not know my Lady Beatrice.
I should not name my boys until my nails were anchored in thin eyes.
That is what they call “compliment” as a 'friend' of two dogs, apes.
That if you are so strange that we hate you, life will not give up.
You do not love me.
That, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your spooked mistress and your warrior love, To Theseus, must be wedded, and you come to give their bed joy and prosperity.
That is all: omittance is no quittance.
If the great one goes up the hill, let him draw you after.
The rarity of it is as rare as many vouched rarities.
I saw no harm, and then I heard each syllable that sounded like a breath.
The mind is suffering when grief has mates and fellowship.
There is never a fair woman with a true face.
There is a eyrie of children, little eyases, who cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for it.
The Duke was given the opportunity to understand that in a gondola were seen together Lorenzo and his amorous Jessica.
I have gotten to the point where I have gotten to know my heart, where I must live or bear no life, and where I can get away with the fountain from which my current runs or else ries up.
There is a saying very old and true: “If you win France, then Scotland will start with you.
There is more work.
There is no bottom, no bottom, in my voluptuousness.
You have no goodness in your face. If Antony is free and healthy, you will do a good job of trumpeting such good tidings.
I cannot command these words to any utterance of harmony.
He shakes off these offers, which are not for his perspective, but for you.
They will not pinch me with urchin-shows, pitch me i' th' mire, nor lead me like a firebrand in the dark Out of my way, unless he bids 'e
You fry.
This eternal blazon is not to ears of flesh and blood.
I am so glad I got to your heart.
I have a commission.
The worm is a strange worm.
It is a slur, and the more it seeks to hide itself, the more it shows.
It is not that simple: our foot on the hills adjacent to the city will stay with us.
This is the most sluggish, strange and unnatural thing.
This place is too cold for hell.
I am not a husband.
I will break my staff, eat it certain fathoms in the earth, and even deeper than ever I had ever heard sound I will drown my book.
He smiled at them and shook their heads.
You have not moved quickly to strike.
You must be sure my spirits and my place have in their power to make this bitter to you.
You are a gentle person, soft and affable.
You would not think how ill I am all about.
I will not wish you anything to her.
I am a daughter to his blood, but I am not to his manners.
If I am mean, I will take them in good measure.
They all jump on a just account, as in these cases, where the aim is to say 'Tis oft with difference', and all the other Turkish fleets are able to confirm Cyprus.
If you are adjudgable to death, you may not be recalled for the sentence, but to our honour’s great disparagement, but I will help you in what I can.
We think it is a matter of fact.
I trust you will not marry her.
You have a vile race, though you did learn, had that nature is not good enough to be with.
I will not be able to sleep until I come back again, and I will not be able to sleep.
Come to me until that time.
He is still in a state of rage.
To be honest, and give it to you again.
I think that even though I am native here and I am a native, it is a custom that is more honored in the breach than the respect.
He left him there, fed him the hungry lioness?
To read his right wits is to read so.
If I were as tedious as a king, I would find it in my heart to do all of your worship.
I will write on the fairest boughs, or at every sentence end, “Rosalinda” will tell all who read to know the quintessence of every sprite Heaven would in little show
Was not this shoreline?
We are not allowed to do so.
We are spirits of another kind.
We both obey and give up here, in the full bent, to lay our service freely at your feet to be commanded.
We have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts.
We will draw the curtain and show you the picture.
If you give him a good deal, there is gold, and here my bluest veins to kiss—a hand that kings have lipped and trembled kissing.
Well.
If I Brutus, And Brutus Antony, there was an Antony who would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue in every wound of Caesar that should move The stones of Rome to rise and
If I were not the better part of my mercy, I would not seek an absent argument of my revenge, you present.
If the day came, I would have thought it dark, that I was couching with the clerk.
What a fool am I to chat with you, when I should bid a good morrow to my bride and seal the title with a lovely kiss!
What is the sport that the ladies have lost?
What is your affair in Elsinore?
What about Cicero?
What is that?
What praise could you give to a worthy woman, one that had put her merits in the way of her merits to blame?
What is prevention?
What do you mean to Thursday?
What do I think?
What is the talk I have about this?
What are the words we hear about fathers when there is a man like Orlando?
What about that?
What is your business?
What will you be called?
What is Catesby gone?
What is the matter, Clarence?
What is your jest?
What is your will?
When I tell him he hates flatterers, he says he does, and is then most flatter.
When will we set the savage bull’s horns on the sensible Benedick’s head?
When they should endure the bloody spur, they fall their crests and, like deceitful jades, sink in the trial.
When we grow hard in our viciousness— Oh, misfortune on ’t!—the wise gods see our eyes, in our own filth drop our clear judgments, make us Adore our errors, laugh
Where have you been?
Where is Kate?
Where the greater malady is fixed, the lesser is scarce.
Where will we start tomorrow?
Where unbruised youth with unstuffed brain doth couch his limbs, there is golden sleep.
Where was this?
Where is my fool?
Where is the money?
Where is it now?
Why would I say “Amen”?
You have so much tempt the heavens?
You have been here so long?
But why did you kill my cousin?
I will pray for you.
While you live, keep a good tongue in your head.
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who would tell her so?
Who is with him?
Who was this?
Why should we honor honesty?
Why, why, why?
Will my Rosalind do so?
Will you woo this wildcat?
With a rearward warning after Tybalt’s death, “Romeo is banishèd.” To speak that word, I am father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet, all killed, all
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
Yesterday Caesar might have stood against the world.
Isn’t he a savage man?
If she didn’t hate him deadly, she would love him dearly.
I will be back in Egypt.
I cannot love him, but he might have taken his answer long ago.
I feel I have no fear.
I run before my horse to market.
I will go in hate to feed on the prodigal Christian.
I will make sure I have a bond of fate.
It is our trick.
I think it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.
You are my flesh, my blood, my daughter, or a disease that is in my flesh, which I must call mine.
You draw not iron, because my heart is true as steel.
But yet, what begins to crow, of him or Adrian, for a good wager?
I would prefer him to a better place.
If you are satisfied with the truth, you may have done it.
I do not like “But yet.” It gives me the good precedence.
You and I are sick.
You are not such a man.
You must learn to know such slanders of the age, or you may be a little ill-tempered.
I see my finger not the ring on it.
You will find that the band that seems to tie their friendship together will be the stricken of their friendship.
You, my honorable lords, may name the time, and I will give my voice, which I presume he will take in gentleness.
You, O you, so perfect and so peerless, are created of every creature’s best.
You, sir, altered that for a while before you took me from the sea, my sister drowned.
You will be secret?
You will lie like dogs, and say nothing neither.
You are not saying that.
Oh, wait, wait!
But, unfortunately, Caesar must bleed for it.
He was ambitious, but I slew him.
As I can learn, he hears after prophecies and dreams, and from the crossrow he says he told him that by “G” his issue should be disinherited.
I said that she will be fourteen on Lammas Eve.
As they say, to hear music the general does not care much.
As you said, sir, let your bounty take a nap, I will awaken it anon.
There is a youth here in the forest who claims to you.
But, brother, I can tell you strange news that you have yet to dream of.
He must build churches then, or else he will not suffer from the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is “For, oh, for, oh, the hobby-horse is
How close is the other army?
Come what I want, I love you so that the danger will appear sporty, and I will go.
You will have the fame to do it first or last.
He cannot, for certain, buckle his distempered cause within the belt of rule.
For me, it was Greek.
For true need, you heavens, give me that patience, patience I need.
But, for your conscience?
Cut all the intermissions short, gentle heavens.
God is grateful, I would not be able to help you.
Good Kate, mock me mercifully, the rather gentle princess, because I love you cruelly.
Good Laertes, will you do this, keep close within your chamber.
You, Charmian.
I hear the footing of a man.
Hold you back, take this garland on your brow.
I pray you, let none of your people stir me.
I will be sure she looks as pale as any other clout in the world.
If you were the devil, you are fair.
Kate, the older I wax, the better I will appear.
Are you the one who hangs the verses on the trees where Rosalind is so admired?
You should love France, because I love France so well that I will not be part of a village of it.
You can go to Caesar’s house, Lepidus.
Let me see, by ten we will have each a hundred Englishmen.
Like a misbehaved and sullen wench, you will be able to spit on your fortune and your love.
If you are the owner of a foul disease, you can keep it secret even if it is a worm.
Look you, Cassius, the angry spot glows on Caesar’s brow, and all the rest look like a chidden train.
But, mistress, you know yourself.
Oh my god, why should you do this?
My good lord, this boy is forest-born and has been tutored in the rudiments of many desperate studies by his uncle, who reports to be a great magician Obscurèd in the circle of
I will acquaint our duteous citizens with all your just action in this case.
O grief, where have you led me?
Oh, I will boast!
On: six barbary horses against six French swords, their assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages—that is the French pari against the Danish.
But, Othello, speak.
If you have done that in you, I will do it again this night.
But, room, fairy!
If you are ruled by me, sir.
You are right, sir, forgive me, since my becomings kill me when they do not see you well.
Here comes your boy.
I will deliver his challenge by word of mouth, set upon Aguecheek a notable report of valor and drive the gentleman (as I know his youth will aptly receive it) into a most hideous opinion of
But, sir, such a slur, wild, and usual slips
We use this to say that the dead are well.
If you are not my own, but your master, I advise you to use your manners discreetly in any company.
You will buy this sport as dear as all the metal in your shop will answer.
I am a man of foolish honesty and love.
But, soft!
But, soft!
Tell me, where is princely Richmond now?
But, until the king comes forth, and not until then, we shift our scene to Southampton.
He breaks the pale, feeds from home.
If you were wedded, you would have some sway.
Buy food, and get you in flesh. Come, cordial and not poison, go with me to Juliet’s grave, because there must I use you.
Buzz, buzz.
By a lady, I think it is so.
By a name I know not how to tell you who I am.
By and By.
By and By.
By any other house or person?
By Cheshu, he is an ass as in the world.
Cheshu will keep his argument as well as any military man in the world in the disciplines of the pristine wars of the Romans.
By Cheshu, I think he will plow up all if there are no better directions.
By Chrish, la, ill done.
By computation and my host’s report, I could not speak with Dromio since I sent him from the mart.
He slaps me with a bad attitude by day and night.
By Dromio?
By foul play, you say, we were heaving thence, but blessedly holp her.
By God’s sanity, it will be hard to hit.
By heaven, I charge you, speak.
By heaven, I do not, I do not, gentlemen.
By heaven, I saw my handkerchief in the hand.
By heaven, I will acquaint his majesty with those terrible slanders I have endured.
By heaven, I will have to.
By heaven, I will make a ghost of him that lets me.
It is as old as us to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for younger people to lack discretion.
By heaven, it is the same thing I gave the doctor.
By heaven, that should be my handkerchief!
By heaven, your madness will be paid by weight, till our scale turns the beam.
You do me wrong.
By heavens, the duke will know how slack you were.
By Hercules, I think I am right.
By Him, who raised me to this careful height from that happy hap I enjoyed, I never did incense his majesty against Clarence, but have been an earnest advocate to plead for him.
By Isis, I will give you bloody teeth if you are again with Caesar paragon.
By Jacob’s staff, I swear, I have no idea of feasting tonight.
By Janus, I think no.
By Jeshu, I am your Majesty’s countryman, I do not care who knows it.
By Jove that thunders!
By Jove, I am not covetous for gold nor care I who feeds upon my cost
By Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Juno, I swear “Ay.” They do not do it.
By Jupiter, this is not revocation.
If I were the wearer of Antonio’s beard, I would not shave today.
By my honor, I will turn monster when I break that oath.
By my honor, I love you, Kate.
I was your mother in the years that you are now a maid.
By my faith, he is very swift and sententious.
By my faith, you have great reason to be sad.
By my fay, a good nap.
By my hand, I swear, and my father’s soul, that my work is ill done.
I am a big fan of the Capulets.
By my heel, I do not care.
By my holy order, I thought your disposition would be better tempered.
If I had it, I would have done it.
By my life I do, which I love, though I say I am a magician.
By my life, I do.
By my soul I swear there is no power in the tongue of man to change me.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
By my troth, it is not so good, and I warrant your cousin will say so.
By my troth, a good song.
By my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady.
By my troth, he will give the crow a pudding one of these days.
By my troth, I am sick.
By my troth, I speak my thoughts.
By my troth, I will speak my conscience of the king.
By my troth, I would not take her in this company.
By my troth, it is well said.
My lord, I cannot tell you what to think of it, but that she loves him with a raged affection, it is past the infinite of thought.
By my troth, Nerissa, my little body is awry of this great world.
By my niece, you will never get a husband if you are so shrewd of your tongue.
By my troth, Sir Toby, you must come in earlier o'clock.
By my troth, sir, I will not be able to be one of my friends.
By my troth, the fool has an excellent breast.
By my hand, you have a good hand.
By my troth, well met.
You are not alone.
What?
By our beards (if we had them), you are right.
By providingnce divine.
I know him well by report.
By running fast.
What else?
I will be at the height of heart-heaviness tomorrow, and think my brother will be happy with what he wants.
By such despair I should accuse myself.
By the clock, dark night scurries the lamp.
By your arms law you were not bound to answer an unknown opposite.
By th' mass, it is like a camel.
On our way, we met my wife, her sister, and a rabble of vile confederates.
By the apostle Paul, shadows have struck more terror to the soul of Richard Than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers, who are armed in proof and led by Richmond.
By the eighth hour.
By the fire that makes Nilus’ slime more powerful, I go from here to your soldier, servant, making peace or war as you affect.
By the hour of nine.
By the Lord, madam, you wrong me, and the world will know it.
By the mass, I was about to say something.
By the mess, my eyes take themselves to slomber, ay’ll de gud service, or I’ll lig i’ th’ grund for it, ay, or go to
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked in this way comes.
By the world, I think my wife is honest and think she is not.
By you, you returned from him: That he had buffeted you and, in his blows, denied my house for his, me for his wife.
By this hand, Claudio will give me a dear account.
By this hand, I am.
By this hand, I love you.
By this hand, I will have that gown.
By this hand, they are scoundrels and substractors who say so of him.
I should hate him by this type of chase, because my father hated his father dearly.
By this leek, I will be ravaged.
By this light, a very perfidious and drunken monster.
By this marriage, all little jealousies, which now seem great, and all great fears, which now import their dangers, would be nothing.
By this scimitar that slew the Sophy and a Persian prince that won three fields of Sultan Solyman, I would o'erstare the sternest eyes that look, Outbrave the heart
By this sword, he who makes the first thrust, I will kill him.
By this sword, I will.
I think the dial is five.
By two o'clock I will be with you again.
By what rule, sir?
What is that?
I do not swear you love me, but my blood begins to flatter me that you do, despite the poor and untempering effect of my face.
By your departure, hostess.
By your gracious grace, I sing but after you.
By your patience, I will not suffer you to visit them.
By your patience, I will need to rest me.
By your patience, no.
By'r Lady, thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have ever won more in their officer than in person.
Caesar and he are more friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are in the field.
Caesar and Lepidus have made wars against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar bears me hard, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar gets money where he loses hearts.
Caesar has sent a messenger too slow.
Caesar himself has work, and our oppression is what we expected.
Caesar is sad, and Lepidus is troubled, since Pompey’s feast, as Menas says, is a bit of a problem.
Caesar is touched.
Caesar is turned to hear.
Caesar sends greetings to the Queen of Egypt, and asks you to study what you want to do to get him to give you.
Caesar will come back.
Caesar should be a beast without a heart if he stays at home today for fear.
Caesar sits in Alexandria, where I will fight against his fate.
Caesar speaks.
Caesar, eight.
Caesar, all hail!
Caesar, who had been spoiled in Sicily by Sextus Pompeius, had not rated him his part o’ th’ isle.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I bring you the word Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates, and make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound with keels of every kind.
Caesar, I go.
Caesar, I never stood on ceremonies, but now they scream me.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, my lord.
Caesar, you are revenged, even with the sword that killed you.
Caesar, you can't die by the hands of the traitors unless you bring them with you.
Caesar, your thoughts touch their effects in this.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar.
Caesar’s better parts will be crowned in Brutus!
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.
Caesar’s will?
Caesar’s.
Caius Ligarius bears Caesar hard, who rated him for speaking well of Pompey.
Caliban!
Call 'em.
Call Burgundy. Cornwall and Albany, with my daughters' dowers digest this third.
Call Claudio and some of my men.
Call my household servants.
Call Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest.
Call her up to me.
Call her forth, brother.
Call him to me, soldier.
Call him hither, good Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call me in my gentlewoman.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers.
Call it my fear that keeps you in the house, and not your own.
Call me what you will be doing, though you can fret me, but you can't play on me.
Call my guard, I prithee.
Call my sister so.
Call my train together.
Call not your stocks for me.
Call Philostrate.
Call the clotpoll back.
Call the messenger.
Call the slave again.
Call them again.
Call them forth.
Call your sister sweet, because I am you.
Call me all my sad captains.
Call the right Master Constable.
Call me “fair”?
Call you me daughter?
Call you this “gamut”?
Call you this railing?
Call you?
Call, good Mercutio.
Call!
You were called, my lord?
When you call death “banishment,” you cut my head off with a golden ax and smile upon the stroke that kills me.
Calls my lord?
Calls your Worship?
Calphurnia here, my wife, stays at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s cheek is pale, and Cicero looks with such a flurry of eyes as we have seen him in the Capitol being crossed in conference by some senators.
Cambio is changed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
He was not home tonight?
Did you know that they were not by you?
Came you from Padua, from Bellario?
Can any of your neighbors tell you, Kate?
Can anyone help?
Can Fulvia die?
Can he be angry?
Can he who denies that?
Can heaven be so envious?
Can I bear that with patience, and not my husband’s secrets?
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can it be possible that no man saw them?
Can no prayers pierce you?
Can virtue hide itself?
Can you blame her for being a maid who rose over with the virgin crimson of modesty, if she refuses to appear as a naked blind boy in her naked seeing self?
Can you say all this?
Can you do it?
Can you ask him out and be edified by report?
Can you make no use of your discontent?
Can you not imagine?
Can you stay for a while?
Can you remember any of the principal evils that he committed to the charge of women?
Can you smell him out of it?
Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, is banished with her father?
Can you tell me if one Launcelot dwells with him, dwells with him or not?
Cancel his bond of life, dear God, I pray that I can live to say: “The dog is dead.”
Canidius and the rest of the people who fell away have entertainment but no honorable trust.
Canidius, our nineteen legions will be held by land, and our twelve thousand horse.
Cannot a plain man live and think no harm, but he must be abused with silken, sly, insinuating jacks?
Can my Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to your party?
Can you hold your eyes up for a while and touch your instrument with a strain or two?
Can you remember a time before we came to this cell?
Can you tell me so much?
Can you, when you command the beggar’s knee, command the health of it?
Captain Fluellen.
Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman, that is certain, and of great expedition and knowledge in th'aunchient wars, upon my particular knowledge of his directions.
Captain Macmorris, I beseech you now, will you voutsafe me, look you, some disputes with you as being partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war, the Roman wars?
Captain Macmorris, I think, look at you, under your correction, there are not many of your nation—of my nation?
Captain Macmorris, when there is more opportunity to be required, look you, I will be so bold that I know the disciplines of war, and there is an end.
Captain, I will do my favors.
Care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye, and when care stays in the house, sleep will never lie.
Colmekill is the sacred storehouse of his predecessors, and guardian of their bones.
Carry him gently to my fairest chamber and hang it round with all my pictures.
Carry me to the jail?
Carry this mad knave to the jail.
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what the matter is.
Casca, be sudden, because we fear prevention —Brutus, what will be done?
Casca, by your voice.
Casca, you are the first person who rears your hand.
Cassio sat down, ask your husband to help.
Cassio has been set up in the dark by Roderigo and fellows who are scaped.
Cassio knows you not.
Cassio will have my place.
Cassio, may you suspect who they should be, who have mangled you?
Cassio, my lord, hat einen jungen Venetian, namens Roderigo, ermordet.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio is a good man.
Cassio is my worthy friend, my lord, I see you are moved.
Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius.
Cassius, be constant.
Cassius, be not deceived.
Cassius, go you in the other street and part the numbers.
Cassius, what a night is this!
You can do it!
Cast on no water.
Cast your humble slough,” says she.
Catesby, fly to the duke.
Catesby, look at the walls.
Catesby.
Celerity is never more admired than by the negligent.
Censure me in your wisdom and awaken your senses that you are the better judge.
You are the most saviourous lady, your rich leas of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peas
Certain words are also.
Some men should be what they look like.
I will be able to run from this Jew, my master.
Yes, sir, I can.
Cesario is your servant’s name, fair princess.
Cesario, come, for so you will be, while you are a man.
Cesario, you do not keep promise with me.
Cessez!
Challenge me the count’s youth to fight with him.
Change your color?
Charles, I thank you for your love to me, which you will find very nice.
Charmian, hark.
Charmian!
Chastisement!
Cheer your heart.
Cheerly boys.
Good Adam.
Is that the nature’s frame a bit cluttered?
Do not let go, zir, without seeing the 'casion'.
Chill pick your teeth, zir.
Choose your revenge yourself.
Chop off his head.
I have a sham!
Cicero is dead, and by that order of proscription.
Cicero one?
Clarence still breathes
Claribel.
Claudio!
Cleopatra Hath nodded him to her.
Cleopatra — Think you were there or could be such a man as this I dreamt of?
Cleopatra— Why should I think you can be my, and true— Though you swear to shake the throned gods—Who have been false to Fulvia?
Cleopatra, catching the least noise of this, dies instantly.
Cleopatra, do not abuse my master’s bounty by removing yourself.
Cleopatra, not what you have reserved, nor what acknowledged we had a roll of conquest.
Close by, my master.
Clubs can't participate in them.
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Cobweb.
Cold friends to me.
Cold, cold, my girl, even like you.
Is it coldhearted towards me?
Isn’t you again for ransom?
Come back, Audrey.
Come away, away.
Come away, servant, come.
Come back.
Come between us, Benvolio.
Come by and by to my chamber.
Come down, see no more.
Come down.
Come forth, I say.
Come forth, you fearful man.
Come forth.
Come from your ward, because I can here disarm you with this stick and make your weapon drop.
Come to her, captain.
Come on, Catesby.
Come here, come!
Come to Fabian.
Come to her, fellow.
Come to her, fellow.
Come to her, gentlemen, and lay your hands again on my sword.
Come hither, good Volumnius.
Come to her, ascribe.
Come hither, knight.
Come on, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come to her, mistress.
Come to her, neighbor Seacole.
Come hither, Nurse.
Come to him, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, sir.
Come hither, you are a rogue.
Come ho, and wake Diana with a hymn!
Come in, tailor.
Come on.
Come like shadows
Come not here, nuncle.
Come not near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
Come now, what masks, what dances will we have to wear away in this long age of three hours between our after-supper and bedtime?
Come now, your promise.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on.
Come on, assay.
Come on, come on.
Come on, gentle my lord, Sleek o'er your rugged looks.
Come on, i'm God’s name, and we will be back with our father.
Come on, Nerissa, I have work in hand that you know not.
Come on, sir knave, have done your foolishness, and tell me how you have disposed of your charge.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, to t.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on.
Come one more.
Come out o' th' storm.
Come the next sabbath, and I will be happy to help you.
Come on.
Come and take the last warmth of my lips.
Come they from noble family?
Come no more for ransom, gentle herald.
Come on, Signior Fabian.
Come to me, that I can speak more about it.
Come to me, Tyrrel, soon after dinner, when you will tell the story of their death.
Come to what is important in ’t.
Come with a thought.
Come with my lady.
Come from old Bellario?
Come to make confession to this Father?
Come on, sir.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, “The croaking raven doth bellow for revenge.”
Come, Antonio.
Come, away!
Come, away.
Come, Balthasar, we will hear that song again.
Come, be a man.
Come, start.
Come, tell me to do anything for you.
Come, bird, come.
Come, blade, my breast imbrue.
Come, boy, with me.
Come, boy.
Come, brands, ho, firebrands.
Come, bring me to my chance.
Come, bring me where they are.
Come, bring us, bring us where he is.
Come, brother
Come, bustle, bustle.
Come, Casca, you and I will see Brutus at his house.
Come, Charmian.
Come, civil night, Thou sober-suited matron, all in black, and learn how to lose a winning match played for a pair of stainless-steel-like men.
Come, come and take a queen worth many babes and beggars.
Come, come away.
Come, come away.
Come, come with me, and we will make short work.
Come, come, away.
Come, come, dispatch.
Come, come, do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit?
Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it is well used.
Come, come, let us go.
Come, come, I will not be a fool, to put the finger in the eye and weep while man and master laugh my woes to shame.
Come, come, you are as hot as any other Jack in Italy, and you are soon moving to be moody, and you are soon moving to be moody.
Come, come, we fear the worst.
Come, come, we know your meaning, brother Gloucester.
Come, come, wrestle with your affections.
Come, come, you are a fool, and you are turned into the extremity of love.
Come, come, you are froward and unable to worms!
Come, come, you will never meet a more sufficient man.
Come, come, you are drunk.
Come, come!
Come, come.
Come, come.
Come, come.
Come, cousin, I am sure you love the gentleman.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come, Desdemona, I have only a half hour of love, of worldly matter and direction, to spend with you.
Come, Dolabella, see High order in this great solemnity.
Come down the boat.
Come, draw the curtain, Nerissa.
Come, Dromio, come, these jests are out of season.
Come, father, I will give you a friend.
Come, for the third time, Laertes.
Come, Friar Francis, be brief, only to the plain form of marriage, and you will recount their particular duties afterwards.
Come, gentlemen, let us go to my tent to discuss tomorrow’s business.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go.
Come along.
Come, go in.
Come, go to the king.
Come, go to the king.
Come, go with me apart.
Come, go with me
Come, go with me.
Come, go.
Come, good Athenian.
Come, good fellow, put thine iron on.
Come, Grey.
Come, Hamlet, come and take this hand from me.
Come on, hang them on this line.
Come, help to bear your master.
Come, how would you praise me?
Come, I will bring you to your bridal chamber.
Come, I will have you, but by this light, I take you for a pity.
Come on, I will dispose of you among a sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I will go with you.
Come, in what key will a man take you to go in the song?
Come, instance.
Come on, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come, Kate, we will go to bed.
Come on, let me have a bigger.
Come, let me wipe your face.
Come, let us go.
Come, let us sup betimes, so that we can digest our sacraments in some form.
Come, let us go to the banquet.
Come, let us go to the castle.
Come, let’s all take hands until we have learned that the conquering wine has smothered our sense in soft and delicate Lethe.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Come on, let’s go.
Come on, let’s do so.
Come on, let’s have one other gaudy night.
Come, lords, to comfort Edward with our company?
Come, march to wakes and fairs and market towns.
Come, Menas.
Come, mistress Kate, I will bear you company.
Come, more, another stanzo.
Come, Cordelia.
Come, my lord, and in our flight tell me how it came this night that I was found with these mortals on the ground.
Come, my lord.
Come, my name.
Come, my sweet Kate.
Come, my young soldier, put your iron on the table.
Come, Nerissa.
Come, night.
Come, no matter what you do.
Come, one for me.
Come, poor remains of friends, rest on this rock.
Come, prepare.
Come, put mine armor on.
Come, Romeo.
Come, seek the conspirators.
Come on, will I make you two friends?
Come on, shall we?
Come on, shall we fall to work?
Come, will we go and kill us venison?
Come on, shall we hear this music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there is no remedy.
Come away, sir.
Come, sir, I am for you.
Come, sir, I pray you, go.
Come, sir, I will not let you go.
Come to dinner, sir.
Come, sir, what letters had you been late from France?
Come aboard, sir.
Come, sir, you threw it to her, and her will is that it should be returned.
Come, sir.
Come, sire, no more.
Come, sirs.
Come, sister.—Shepherdess, look on him better, and be not proud.
Come, sisters, cheer us up on us and show us the best of our delights.
Come, sit down, every mother’s son, and rehearse your parts.
Come, sit on me.
Come, sit, sit, and a song.
Come, some music!
Come, some music!
Come, stir, stir, stir!
Come, Audrey.
Come, tailor, let us see it.
Come, tailor, let us see these ornaments.
Come, talk not about her.
Come, temperate nymphs, and help to celebrate A contract of true love.
Come, the recorders!
Come, there is sauce for it.
Come, therefore, and to Thasos send his body.
Come, you day in night, for you will lie on the wings of night Whiter than new snow on a raven’s back.
Come, you mortally wretch, with your sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate of life at once.
Come, you will be tortoise!
Come, throw it o'er my face.
Come, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, go you and enter Harfleur.
Come, Vaughan.
Come, vial.
Come, wait on him.
Come, warble, come.
Come, we burn daylight, ho!
Come on, we will have him in a dark room and bound him.
Come, we will sleep.
Come, what is Romeo saying?
Come, where is the chain?
Come, why should you be so sceptical?
Come, will you go with me?
Come, woo me, woo me, for now I am in a holiday humor, and like enough to consent.
Come, you and I will thither up to now.
Come on, you are too severe a moraler.
Come, you deceive yourself.
Come on, you look paler and paler.
Come, your answer in broken music, because your voice is music and your English is broken.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Comes Caesar to the Capitol tomorrow?
Comes his army on?
Doesn’t that blood be as modest as it is to witness simple virtue?
Is there more of it?
Comfort me.
Coming from Sardis, on our former ensign, two mighty eagles fell and they sank, spit and fed us from our soldiers' hands, who to Philippi here consorted us.
Command him away.
He will not be able to do anything at dinner, because he has made great preparations.
Thank you to Lord William.
Thank you to my kind lord.
I will recomend to your lady, and ask her to have all the house sorted out to bed, which is why she is so apt to sleep.
Thank you to your lady.
Thank you to your mistress.
Thank you to your daughter.
Is that a commitment?
It is a good thing to do.
Company is coming here.
Replain to the Duke of this indignity.
Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works.
Conceit her father.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, Brags of his substance, not of ornament.
Conception is a blessing, but as your daughter may conceive, friend, look to it.
Conclude, conclude, he is in love.
Conduct me to mine host.
I had a confession.
Confess yourself freely to her, importune her help to put you back in your place.
I am a doctor, I am a doctor.
All prisoners, sir, are in the grove which weathers your cell.
Confirmed, confirmed!
Confusion has now made his masterpiece.
Confusion’s cure lives not in these confusions.
Conrade, I say!
Conscience and grace, to the deepest pit.
I should stay with the Jew my master, who, God bless the mark, is a kind of devil.
Consent to pay you that I never had.
Consent to swear.
Consider how it stands.
Think about it, but we come in despite it.
Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more in Alexandria.
Contending with the fretful elements.
Content you, gentle coz.
Content with Hermia?
Content you, gentlemen.
Content, in faith.
Content.
Content.
Convey her to my tent.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood, then the charm is firm and good.
Coraggio, bully-monster, If these are true spies I wear in my head, here is a good sight.
Corinth first.
We will be there for a while.
Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
Could I repair what she will wear in me as I can change these poor accoutrements, 'Good for Kate and better for myself.
Could my good brother suffer you to do it— A man, a prince by him so much benefitted?
Couldn’t a worm, an adder, do so much?
Couldn’t this make you know that I hate you because I hate you made me leave you?
Could you take some time without giving?
Count Claudio?
Count the clock.
Take me my daughter, and with her my fortunes.
I assure you that you are a fraudster.
False?
County Claudio, when do you mean to go to church?
Couple it with something.
Courage, man.
Courage.
Courteous lord, one word.
Cousin of Buckingham, a word with you.
Cousin, you were not going to be so dull.
You are a man who is a man.
Cousins, I hope the days are near to the end of the day that chambers will be safe.
Cousins, you know what you have to do.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Crack your frail case!
He is a bit stymied?
Croak not, black angel.
He is not going to be crossed in any way.
He will be told that, and then I grant we put a sting in him that he will be in danger.
Crowner’s quest law.
I have crowns in my purse and goods at home, and so I come abroad to see the world.
Cry “holla” to your tongue, I prithee.
He hears not, stirres not, he moves not.
Cry mercy, lords and gentlemen, that you have a sluggard here.
Cry the man mercy, love him, take his offer.
Crystal is muddy.
Cunning.
Cupid is a knavish lad, so she makes poor females mad.
Cure her of that.
You are not a fair creature, you are both.
I was just that!
You are a stone for teasing me.
Cut my lace, Charmian, come!
“D'elbow,” “De nick,” “De nick.” “De chin.”
Damned as you are, you have enchanted her!
Do you decide to kill a friend of mine?
Dark night, that takes the ear more quickly.
Darkness and devils!
It is not de fashion pour les Franceans, I cannot tell you how to kiss.
I have always been able to have her matched.
You are dead!
Dead, dead?
You are dead, I think.
Dead, then?
Dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I show more mirth than I am mistress of, and would you still be merrier?
Dear Duff, I prithee, I contradict you, and say it is not so.
Dear general, I never gave you any reason.
Dear Kate, you and I cannot be confined to the weak list of a country’s fashion.
Dear lad, believe it.
Dear lady, let me leave, behold you.
Dear lady, welcome home.
Dear love, adieu.
Dear master, I can't go further.
Dear my lord, be honest with her.
Dear my lord, if you have done your best to prove that she has vanquished the resistance of her youth and made her lose her virginity, I know what you would say.
Dear my lord, make me aware of your cause of grief.
Dear sir, behold!
Dear sovereign, hear me speak.
Dear, they do not want to, dear the love my people bore me, nor set a mark so bloody on the business, but with colors less slick, they painted their ugly ends.
Dear Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the fairest cover for her shame that might be wished for.
Death lies on her like a frost, a frost, on the sweetest flower of all the fields.
Death makes no conquest of this conqueror, because he lives in fame, though not in life.
Death of one person can be paid once, and she has been discharged.
Death of your soul!
Death, in guerdon of her wrongs, gives her fame, which never dies.
Death, that has sucked the honey of your breath, Hath has no power on your beauty.
Death, that has ta'en her, so that she can make me laugh, ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.
Death, traitor!
Death is the end of all.
Decius Brutus adores you.
Decius, tell them Caesar will not come.
Decius, well urged.
Declare your office.
You are a victim.
Don’t delay, Caesar.
Delay this marriage for a month, a week.
Do not ask me anything.
Demand.
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.
Demetrius loves her, and he loves you.
Demetrius loves your fair.
Demetrius ne le croit pas.
Demetrius, I will keep my word with you.
I think it is all about me.
Denmark is a prison.
I will refuse this, and you will be cursed.
Deny to speak with me?
I am sorry brother, I say.
Descend, you must be my torchbearer.
Descend.
You would like him to go in.
Stop, and drink.
Despair and die!
Despair, and die!
I will be wrong if I do not.
I am a victim of a terrible situation, distressed, hated, martyred, killed.
I am not a jot, I am a jot.
Good madonna.
Didn’t you wake you?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Dian become a grove as Kate this chamber with her princely gait?
Did dragon ever keep a cave so fair?
Did he ask for me?
Did he confess it?
Did he live now,
Did he never make you laugh?
Did he not rather discredit my authority with yours, and make the wars against my stomach, having the same cause?
Did he not say my brother was fled?
Did he get you well?
Did he take interest?
Did heaven look on, and they would not take their part?
Did I deserve nothing more than a fool’s head?
Did I not bid you to meet me in the park and bring along these rascal knaves with you?
Did I not meet your friends?
Did I tell you she was innocent?
Did I?
Did I ever love Caesar so much?
Did Michael Cassio, when you wooed my lady, know of your love?
Did my father have a fool in his sleeve?
Didn't Julius bleed for justice?
Did her kitchen maid not slam me, taunt me and scorn me?
Did you speak?
Did you tell me I should know the man by the Athenian garment he had on it?
Did she see you the whole time, old boy?
Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house today while upon me the guilty doors were shut and I denied entering my house?
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
Did we, my lord?
Did you and he consent in Cassio’s death?
Did you have a conversation with him?
Did you converse with this gentlewoman, sir.
Did you ever cure it?
Did you know him?
Did you hear you say, “Do you have to keep counsel, putting one away”?
Did you ever see the picture of “We Three”?
Did you speak to it?
Did you see how he laughed at his vice?
Did you say all?
Did you say with Cassio?
Did you see him?
Did you see Master Lorenzo?
Did you send him, sir?
Did you?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief?
Dido and her Aeneas will want troops, and all the haunts will be ours.
Didn’t she hear her speak?
Didn’t you mention that?
Didn’t you see?
Did you see Octavia?
Did you dream, Lucius, that you so cried out?
Did you give all to your two daughters?
Did you hear these verses?
Did you fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter?
Did you hear a noise?
Did you hear someone?
Did you hear their shouts?
Did you kill this king?
Did you say he comes?
Did you say he lied?
Did you see anything?
I will die and be damned.
Die für adultery?
Die when you have lived.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I suborn, were fleshed villains, bloody dogs, Melted with tenderness and mild compassion, and wept like two children in their deaths' sad story.
Isn’t it a meal at home?
Ding, dong, bell.
I will go to Caesar’s funeral.
Do you think you are a little sloppy?
Discuss with me: is your officer or is your base, common, and popular?
She is so spooky and scorny that she seems weak to all her matters.
You are not your mothers.
Disloyal?
Isn’t this our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?
Dismiss me?
Dismiss me.
Dismiss your attendant there, look if it is done.
Dismount your tuck, be prepared in your preparation, because your assailant is quick, skillful and deadly.
Disorder, that has spoiled us, friend us now.
Bring us to the rescue with all speed, so that our king come here to ask about our delay, because he is already in this land.
I say, and find the forester.
Dispatch.
Dispatch.—Enobarbus!
You are so lucky that you could see my wars today and knew the royal occupation.
Disput it like a man.
Don’t semble your hatred.
Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain, that I can say the gods themselves do weep!
Do not, knight.
Do not.
Do all men kill the things they do not love?
Do what I want to do, go.
Do what I want to do.
Do what I want.
Do as you do, because I have done with you.
Do not go after him and mark how he continues.
Do not look up.
Do not promise, Kate, you will be a good boy for your French part.
Do not read.
Do I want to attract you?
Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop?
Do I speak you fair?
Do it at once, or your precedent services are all but accidents unpurposed.
Do it carefully. And the noble and honest Kent banished, his offense honesty!
Do it not with poison.
Do it quickly.
Do it, England, because like my bloody blood, he rages, and you must cure me.
Do it.
Do not play foul, friends.
Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice.
Do not abuse me.
Do not answer me.
Do not approach me until you hear me call.
Do not believe that, from all civility, I would play and trifle with your reverence.
Do not give me a speech.
Do not break it, because we may be a bit sad, though we do not pardon you.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Do not deny.
Do not want to see this letter.
Do not doubt, Cassio, but I will have my lord and you again as friendly as you were.
Do not fear our person.
Do not fret yourself too much in the action, monsieur.
Do not go forth today.
Do not laugh at me, because as I am a man, I think this lady is my child Cordelia.
Do not learn about him, Emilia, though he is your husband.
Do not lie so close to me.
Do not presume too much upon my love.
Do not rise yet.
Do not run away.
Do not say “banishment.”
Do not say so, Lysander.
Do not say so, my lord.
Do not.
Do not swear.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
Do not walk too open.
Do not think it is so unwholesome.
Do not think I am drunk, gentlemen.
Do not torment me, prithee.
Do not thum me.
Do not weep, do not weep.
Do not chide yourself.
Do you hear a cry?
Do you love me?
Do not interfere.
Do not wear your dagger in your cap that day, so that he can knock that about you.
Do not be so wrong, who are in this Relieved but not betrayed.
Do not, my lord.
Do not, Phoebe.
Do Poor Tom some charity, whom the vile fiend vexes.
Do so, and after two days I will be discharged.
Do so and ask me to chide me.
Do so, good Messala.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do that good thing, and I, your Caliban, for aye a foot-licker.
Do the boys carry it away?
Do then, but I will not hear.
Do they grow rusty?
Do they think they did the same thing when I was in the city?
Do this in a timely manner, and turn him into a good man.
Do this suddenly, and let’s not search and inquisition quail to bring back these foolish runaways.
Do you stand for him?
Do you meet me at the harbor?
Do your duty, and have your duty, because my master and my mistress are almost frozen to death.
Do your job.
Do your worst.
Do we all have holy rites?
Do we find the power of the tyrant tonight? Let us be beaten if we cannot fight.
Do we.
Do we bother you?
Do what you will, and dishonor will be humor.
Do you amend it then?
Do you think his “tenders” are his “tenders” as you call them?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you come near me now?
Do you confess so much?
Do you confess the bond?
Do you agree that we will be able to help him with it, as we love it, and as we need it.
Do you doubt that?
Do you find some occasion to anger Cassio, either by speaking too loud or tainting his discipline, or from what other course you please, which the time will favorably minister?
Do you find your patience so dominant in your nature that you can let it go?
Do you go back to be dismayed?
Do you hear aughty battles, sir, of a battle?
Do you hear Cassio?
Do you hear, masters?
Do you hear, you minion?
Do you hear?
Do you think it will be?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you know him?
Do you know me, Father?
Do you know me, my lord?
Do you know me, sir?
Do you know them?
Do you know what you say?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you like this grab?
Do you love me?
Do you remember that, my lord?
Do you mark that?
Do you misdoubt this sword and these my wounds?
Do you hear him?
Do you hear it ring?
Do you not hear me speak?
Do you hear me, fellows?
Do you not jest?
Do you know I am a woman?
Do you know me, Father?
Do you remember that he saw a flea stick on Bardolph’s nose, and said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Do you remember a Venetian, a scholar and a soldier who came to Montferrat in the company of the Marquess of Montferrat?
Do you think I am out of breath?
Do you see in all this noble company where you are most likely to obey?
Do you put tricks on savages and men of Ind, ha?
Do you have a dispute, sir?
Do you ask me as an honest man for my simple judgment?
Do you see this, O God?
Do you see a cloud that is almost in shape of a camel?
Do you see, gentlemen?
Do you sing it, and I will dance it.
Do you smell a fault?
Do you speak in the sick tune?
Think I meant country matters?
Do you think I will be sworn?
Do you triumph?
Do you wish that the gods had made me poetic?
Do you withdraw yourself a little while?
Do, do.
Do, do.
Do, good friend.
Do, William.
Do, I prithee, but have the grace to consider that tears do not become a man.
Do, if it is not.
Do, with like a timorous accent and a dire yell, when the fire is spied in populous cities by night and negligence.
Do, sir.
Do it.
Does anyone here know me?
Does he rave?
Does she?
Doesn’t it go well?
Doing is activity, and he will continue to do it.
Dolabella, I will remain your debtor.
Dolabella!
Dolabella!
Dolor comes to him, indeed.
Domestic fury and fierce civil disputes will ravage all parts of Italy.
Don Pedro is approached.
Donalbain.
Done to death by slanderous tongues was the Hero that lies here.
Done.
Dorset is escaping to Richmond.
Dorset, embrace him.
Do you fall?
Do you grant me, hedgehog?
Do you affect Claudio?
Do you believe, Orlando, that the boy can do all this that he has promiscuously promisceeds?
Do you call me fool, boy?
Do you forget from what a torment I had freed you?
Do you hear, Iago?
Do you hear, lady?
Do you hear me, my honest friend?
Do you hear?
Do you still have a place there?
Do you think that women abuse their husbands in such a cruel manner?
Do you know me, fellow?
Do you know the difference between a bitter fool and a sweet fool?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you live by your tabour?
Do you love me?
Do you love pictures?
Do you mean the crown?
Do you mock me?
Do you bring me letters from the friar?
Do you see my baby at my breast, that sucks the nurse asleep?
Do you think I am missing my place?
Do you think I have a lot of years to come?
Do you scream, rogue?
Do you say so?
Do you squint at me?
Do you think Alexander looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked like he looked
Do you think I care for a satire or an epigram?
Do you think I would stand against you, would the resemblance of trust, virtue or worth in you make your words faithed?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand me, man?
Doth Fortune play the huswife with me now?
Does he deserve good?
Do you think he will not be able to do so?
Does his Majesty acline to it or no?
Do you think you should love his son so much?
Does it?
Does my simple feature content you?
Do you know what is going on, Nurse?
Doesn’t Brutus kneel?
Does my wit not become me rarely?
Do you have a break here?
Does the gentleman not deserve a bed as fortunate as Beatrice will ever be sleeping?
Do you think she is so blessed, unworthy as she is, that we have made a gentleman so worthy to be her bride?
I am going to be living with my life.
Do we shine that night when we play our play?
Does this news hold of King Edward’s death?
Do you have a mouth that calls me?
Double, double toil and trouble, fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble, fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
It stood as two spent swimmers cling together and choke their art.
Dove-feathered raven, wolvish-ravening lamb!
Down from the waist, they are centaurs, though women all above.
You are not for all markets.
Down with him, thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Down with the topmast!
Down and swear.
You can also go down and be merciful to the Duke.
Close windows,
Draw and come.
Draw that honest sword, which you have worn most useful for your country.
Draw the curtain straight.
Draw the curtains.
Draw your sword and give me strokes for death.
Draw your sword.
Draw your tool!
Draw together.
Draw up your powers.
Draw, you rascal!
Draw, you rascal.
Draw, you rogue, because even though it is night, the moon shines.
Draw, you rogue, or I will so carbonado your shanks.
Dream on, dream on, of bloody acts and death.
Drink.
Drink, servant-monster, when I bid you.
Dromio—du, Dromio—du snail, du slug, du sot.
Dromio, go and ask the servants to spread for dinner.
Do you have a good time, nor do you?
Dromio, what is mine going to be?
I am not alone.
Cats and blind puppies!
Do you want to be a good man?
Drunk?
Dry sorrow drinks our blood.
Dry up the organs of increase in her body, and never spring A babe to honor her.
You have to have a chain of husbands with him.
Duke Frederick, hearing how men of great worth resorted every day to this forest, urged a powerful power, who was on foot in his own conduct, to take His brother here and put him to the sword.
I say that.
I am a little confused.
I am so, my lord.
I am so.
As the o’erflowing Nilus, the Nilus is a savage witness to famine.
Every heart in Rome loves you and pitys you.
Every new morn New widows cry, new orphans cry, new sorrows Strike heaven on the face, that it sounds like it felt with Scotland and yelled out like a syllable of do
Early tomorrow we will rise and hence.
Most of them do so by fear or a sluggish inclination.
I am nothing.
Edmund and I have talked, and more convenient is he for my hand than for your lady’s.
Edmund is gone, I think, in regret for his misfortune to dispatch his nighted life, and to decry the strength of your enemy.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Edmund, farewell.
Edmund, seek him out, wind me into him, I pray you.
Edward Plantagenet, why are you dead?
Edward’s unhappy sons do not want you to flourish.
Egypt, you knew too well that I was going to sway your horns, and you should sway me after it.
Eight score eight hours?
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and twelve people there!
Be patient and be fair, or with the clamorous report of war, I will drown your exclamations.
Either heaven with lightning strike the murderer dead, or earth gape open wide and eat him quick, as you swallow up this good king’s blood, which his hell-governed arm has butcherèd!
I can see either my eyes fail, or you look pale.
Send the chain, or send me by some token.
Either there is a civil dispute in heaven, or the world, too saucy with the gods, encourages them to send destruction.
You or I must go with him.
I shaved my sword with an unbattered edge again.
Either withdraw to a private place, and reason coldly of your grievances, or leave.
Give the Puck a liar call.
Ely with Richmond troubles me more near Buckingham and his rash-stricken strength.
em all three are ready.
Emilia, run you to the citadel and tell my lord and lady what has happened.
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber.
Enjoy your plainness.
Enobarbus, Antony Hath, after you sent all your treasures, with His bounty overplus.
Enobarbus, welcome.
Enobarbus?
It is enough to buy what you have made known.
Good, Captain.
I am here.
It is enough.
It is enough.
It is enough.
Enter the castle, sir.
Epicurism and lust make it more like a tavern or a brothel than a palace.
If he leaves this grove, you will fly him and he will seek your love.
He takes ship for France and in Southampton.
I learn love, I will practice to obey.
I ope his letter, I pray you tell me how my good friend does.
I would say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen, I would change my humanity with a baboon.
I would have it copied.
If the bat has flung his cloistered flight, he will summon Hecate to the shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums and a sigh of 
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
You are still here.
Eros, would you be windowed in Rome and see your master so with pleached arms, bending down his corrigible neck, his face subdued to shame, while the wheeled seat of fortunate Caesar,
I am a fraud, sir, I am a fraud.
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, Bliss in our brows’ bent, none of our parts so poor, but was a race of heaven.
As your horse bears your praises, who would also trot as well if some of your snagged snagged.
There is even a toy in hand here, sir.
Even as a flatt'ring dream or a useless fancy.
Even as men wracked on a sand, that look to be swathed off the next tide.
I thank you for that.
I prithee, hold your sword in your hands, while I run on it.
Even for the blood that I lost for you, now I will be able to get justice.
He is the queen.
He is madam.
He is even he, sir.
He.
We shake hands.
I am a big fan of Antipholus.
He called me in his shop and showed me silks that he had bought for me.
He is here, and he is here, in the past, thinking of human reason.
Now, very now, an old black ram is tupping your white ewe.
You are right now, sir.
Even or oddly, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night will be fourteen.
She is Leonato’s Hero, your Hero, every man’s Hero.
Since you left it.
Even so great men should endure great losses.
She lies, weeping, weeping and blubbering.
How quickly can one catch the plague?
Even so?
Even so.
Even so.
Even so.
Even so.
You can even look at their faces.
Even a husband like me has a wife.
You will find such delight in fresh fennel buds this night at my house.
Even then this plague is fateful to us when we get ready.
Even this repays me.
Even those you were wont be able to delight in, the tragedians of the city.
Even what I will do will be my lord.
Even when you do, since you will have it.
Ever sneezing for your cousin’s death?
Every hour, he flashes into one crime or another that sets us all at odds.
Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil.
Every man looks o'clock.
Every one prepares to follow this fair corse to her grave.
Every one who does so is a traitor and must be hanged.
Every one.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s duty, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone hears that sound can distinguish sound.
Everything is good.
Excusely, my lord.
Good, i'm faith.
Good job.
Excellent!
Excellent.
I am a good fan of the chameleon’s dish.
Excellent!
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Give forgiveness to me, noble Hamlet.
No more against it.
Experience, manhood, honor, ne’er before Did so itself.
Expose yourself to feel what you feel, so you can shake the superflux to them and show the heavens more just.
I am so sorry, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look your last.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian can scarcely hold him yonder.
Face me.
We are not feasting.
Fair and noble hostess, we are your guest tonight.
Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains.
Fair daylight?
Fair Katherine, and fair, will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms such as will enter at a lady’s ear and plead his love suit to her gentle heart?
Ladies, you drop manna in the way of hungry people.
Fair lady, by your leave, I come by note to give and receive.
Do you think you have fools in hand?
Fair Leda’s daughter had a thousand wooers
Fair lovers, you are fortunately met.
You have lost a lot of good sport.
I am going to Padua, where I am visiting a son of mine, which I have not seen long enough.
I regret her and wish that, for her sake more than mine, my fortunes were more able to relieve her.
Fair youth, I would make you believe I love you.
If I am more than a tongue can name you, let me take some time to excuse myself.
Fairly spoke.
Fairy King, attend, and mark.
Faith, he is losing his wits.
Faith, he is posted on serious matters.
Faith, he has been on a land carrack tonight.
Faith, her privates us.
Faith, here is an English tailor who stole a hose from a French hose.
Faith, I can tell her age to an hour.
Faith, I don’t know what to say.
Faith, I didn’t see it, but I felt it hot in her breath.
Faith, I will go home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Faith, like enough.
Faith, niece, you tax Signor Benedick too much, but he will be with you, I doubt it.
Faith, no, as you may season it in the way you want it.
Faith, none more than Humfrey Hower, who called your Grace To breakfast once, forth of my company.
Faith, once or twice, heaved the name of “father” in her heart, screamed, “Sisters, sisters!
Faith, sir.
Faith, sir, you do not need fear.
Faith, some dregs of conscience are still within me.
Faith, stay here this night.
Faith, that was not so good.
Faith, the priest was good enough for all the old gentleman’s saying.
Faith, there has been much to do on both sides, and the nation holds it no sin to tarn them to controversy.
Faith, we can put up our pipes and be gone.
Faith, we met and found the dispute was on the seventh cause.
Fall and cease.
Fall is not a tear, I say.
Fall to yarely, or we run ourselves aground.
Fall to.
False face must hide what the false heart knows.
False justicer, why have you let her scape?
False to me?
If you are a false-boding woman, you will be able to stop your curse.
False, false.
Hunger is in your cheeks.
I decline.
I hear the beat drum.
Fare you well in the same way.
Good luck.
Fare well, dame.
Fare well, nymph.
Fare well!
Fare well.
Fare well.
Fare well.
Fare well.
Good to go.
You will be able to do well in one click.
Good to you, boy.
Good to you, Jessica.
Fare you well, my liege.
Good to you, my lord.
Good to you, sir.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Good to you.
Farewell.
Farewell to both.
Goodbye!
Farewell to the neighing steed and the shrill trump, The spirit-stirring drum, your ear-piercing fife, The royal banner, and all quality,
Farewell the plumèd troops and the big wars that make ambition virtue.
Farewell till then.
Farewell till then.
Farewell to you.—And you.—And you, Volumnius.
If my fortune is not crost, I have a father, you a daughter, lost.
Farewell, thanks.
Farewell, dear Father.
Farewell, dear mother.
Farewell, everyone.
Farewell, fair cruelty.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, father.
Farewell, because I will leave you.
Good Charles.
Good Launcelot.
Good Salisbury, good luck, and good luck go with you.
Good Signior Love.
Good Strato.
Farewell, great chief.
Farewell, hostess.
Goodbye, Charmian.
Goodbye, lord.
Farewell, kind master.
Farewell, my coz.
Farewell, my dearest sister, farewell you.
Farewell, my Desdemona.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lords.
Farewell, sweet lord, and sister.
Farewell, sweet masters both.
Farewell, sweet playfellow.
Farewell, Hero.
Farewell, you are a lob of spirits.
Farewell, you are a welcomer of glory.
Farewell!
Farewell!
Farewell!
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Fast bind, fast find.
Fate, show your force.
Father, it is so: you and all the world that talked about her have talked about her.
Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu.
Father, I am glad you are here.
Father, I charge you, by your reverence, to unfold here (though lately we intended to keep in darkness what occasion now Reveals before it is ripe) what you do know Hath newly passed between this youth and me
Father, in.
Father, what news?
He is fathered, and yet he is fatherless.
Fathers get their children.
Fathers who wear rags make their children blind.
Fathers, from which you trust not your daughters' minds by what you see them act.
Favorites?
Fear comes upon me.
Fear it, dear sister, and keep you in the rear of your affection, out of the shot and danger of desire.
Fear it, Ophelia.
Fear me not, man.
Fear me not.
Fear me not. She and the duke her husband!
Fear not my government.
Fear not, Baptista, we will be happy to help you.
Fear not, Cesario.
Fear not, my lord.
Fear nothing.
Fear you not that I am part of the dialogue.
Fear you the boar, and go unprovided?
Fear that, Antonio?
Fears and scruples shake us.
Fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian?
Feed him and see him not.
Feed and sleep.
Feed him with apricots and dewberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Feel you your legs?
Feeling so the loss, can not choose but weep the friend.
Fellow Grumio!
Come from the throng.
I know you.
Do you have time to spend with me?
Let’s be gone.
Fetch Desdemona.
Fetch the stocks!
I am a crow.
I am a handkerchief, my mind misgives me.
Fetch me this herb, and be thou again here.
Fetch that sourd.
Fetch the will, and we will decide how to cut some charge in legacies.
Fetch your master home.
Fie on her!
Do not let you go.
You are right!
Do not, foh!
“But yet” is as a jailer to bring forth some monstrous malefactor.
You are here!
Fie, Demetrius!
Fie, fie on all tired jades, on all mad masters, and all foul ways!
Fie, fie, it is a little spooky and filthy.
Fie, fie, fie, pah, pah!—Give me a civet, good apothecary, to sweeten my imagination.
Fie, Fie, lieutenant, You will be ashamed for ever.
Fie, fie, you shame your shape, your love, your wit, which, like a usurer, abound in all and does not use any of those true uses.
Fie, fie!
Fie, fie!
Fie, for shame!
How impatience you feel is in your face.
Fie, how my bones ache!
Now you run this humor out of breath.
Fie, sir, fie!
Fie, that you will say so!
Fie, there is no such man.
You are dishonest Satan.
If you are near a lewd interpreter, what a question!
Fie, what a slug is that he doesn’t tell us if they will come or not.
Fie!
Fie!
The fiery warriors battled on the clouds in ranks and squadrons and in the right form of war, which drizzled blood on the Capitol.
Fiery?
Fiery?
He is fighting with valiantness.
Fill the cup, Lucius, till the wine o'erswells the cup.
You are a good man.
Filths savor but themselves.
Find out moonshine, find out moonshine!
Find out Edmund.
Find out who is here and who is here?
Find out what you have to do and I will find a man like that.
Find you a bed, because I will rest my head on this bank.
A beautiful apparition!
Good, i'm faith!
Finish, good lady.
Fire and brimstone!
Fire!
I am a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a
First he denied you had no right in him.
First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
Let me first talk with this philosopher.
Let’s go to dinner.
First, I will do this.
First, as you know, my house in the city is richly furnished with plaque and gold, a few ewers to lave her dainty hands
First, forward to the temple.
First, good Peter Quince, tell what the play treats on, then read the names of the actors, and so grow to a point.
First, he praises him for your noble self.
First, I ask you what they have done
First, I must tell you that Desdemona is in love with him.
First, if all obstacles were cut away and that my path would be even to the crown as the ripe revenue and due to birth, so much is my poverty of spirit, so powerful and so many my defects, that I would
First, know my horse is tired, my master and mistress are falling out.
First, madam, he is good.
First, of my word!
First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies cannot follow.
First, listen your song by rote, and give each word a slur.
First, there is the Neapolitan prince.
Five hundred poor I have in yearly pay, who twice a day their slammed hands hold up to heaven to be convicted of blood.
Five shillings to one on ’t, with any man who knows the statutes, he may stay him—marry, not without the Prince being willing, because the watch should not offend no man, and
Five summers have been spent in the farthest Greece, cruising through the borders of Asia, and coasting homeward, came to Ephesus, hopingless to find, yet loath to leave unought Or
Five and twenty, sir.
The burglary was as flat as ever.
You are right, Brutus.
He fled this way, sir, when he couldn’t do it.
Isn’t England fliehend?
He sat at his house amazed.
Flies may do this, but I must fly from there.
Flower of purple dye, Hit with Cupid’s archery, sink in apple of his eye.
Fly and make your peace with Caesar.
Fly further off, my lord.
Fly here and leave me.
Fly not.
Fly, fly, my lord.
Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly!
Fly, masters!
Fly, my lord.
Fly, therefore, noble Cassius, fly far off.
Fly?
Folded the writ in the form of your other, subscribed it, gave it a good impression, placed it safely, the changeling never known.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot of all your sex.
Follow me and get it.
Follow me.
Follow me, lady. Turn out that vile villain.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Follow it.
Follow that lord, and look you mock him.
Follow the noise so far as we have quarters
Follow your spirit and on this charge, cry “God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow the instructions and see if there is no harm between them.
Follow, follow!
Follow me, I pray you.
Follow it.
Followed the old man forth.
He is drunk, Sir Toby, an hour agone.
Fool, do not flatter.
Fool, fool, fool, I say.
Fool, I say.
Fool, I will requite it in the highest degree.
Fool, you speak well.
Fool!
Foolish curses that run in the mouth of a Russian bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
To most of men this is a Caliban and they are angels.
It is not easy for Desdemona to be a fool.
For a fish without a fin, there is a fowl without a feather.
Follow me for a little while and do me service.
If a hart does not have a hint, let him seek out Rosalind.
For all the rest, they will take suggestions as a cat laps milk.
I have no ears to Antony's request.
What is the good I have done to myself?
As you urge justice, be assured that you will have more justice than you want.
For aught that I could ever read, could ever hear by tale or history, the course of true love never did run smoothly.
Out of these positive news, it is the celebration of his nuptial.
If we had loved this, we would have loved it without this mean.
For both our sakes, I would say that word was true.
For both, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus' sake, I am bringing you to me.
I went from here a month ago, and then he was fresh in murmur—as you know, what great ones do the less will prattle of—that he did seek the love of fair Olivia.
I will sort occasion, as a reference to the story we talked late about, to make sure the queen is proud of the prince.
She is dead, and strangely.
If he is certain, sir, he is not.
You must be englutted in a way that is so close to the gulf that you need.
For charitable prayers, Shards, flints and pebbles should be thrown on her.
For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl.
For diverse reasons, I beg you, grant me this boon.
If you stand on the foaming shore, the chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds, the wind-shaked surge, with high and monstrous mane, wants to cast water on the burning bear and
I do not do anything for my pupil.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake.
His approach to the savage waters makes him fierce.
I will make sure that all of this is done, and that is why I will make them mutiny.
Every minute is a sigh of relief.
Falstaff is dead, and we must earn.
He was first a contract to Lady Lucy—Your mother lives a witness to that vow—and then a substitute to Bona, sister to the king of France.
If you gaze on your beams, you are right.
Let me hear for God’s love.
For God’s sake, a pot of small beer.
Hold your hands for God’s sake.
For God’s sake, send some other messenger.
Take a house for God’s sake.
For half your wealth, it is Antonio’s.
For Hamlet and the trifling of his favor, hold it a fashion and a toy in blood, a violet in the youth of primy nature, forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting, The perfume and
He is sure he is i' th' island.
He loves to hear that unicorns may be betrayed with trees, bears with glasses, elephants with holes, Lions with toils, and men with flatterers.
He asks to give.
For hear me, Hero, wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a fiveuepace.
Help me!
I think he is not going to be.
He will be a martin.
For his bounty, there was no winter in ’t, an autumn was that grew the more by reaping.
He would ask if they were blanks, rather than filling me with me.
He cannot carry his discretion, and the fox can carry the goose.
I am almost ready to dissolve, hearing about this.
I am born to tame you, Kate, and bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate that is as able to be as able to be as able to be as other household Kates.
I am sick when I look at you.
I am sure mine nails are stronger than mine eyes.
I am sure you can guess what temperance should be, but you know what it is.
I am Trinculo, your good friend.
I will bring him to the Capitol.
I had then laid wormwood to my bed, sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall.
I have neither wit nor words nor worth, nor action nor utterance nor the power of speech, to stir men’s blood.
I have seen more years, I am sure, than you.
I would not have been able to do anything for my sport and for my profit.
I saw beauty until this night.
I tell you, father, I am as peremptory as she is proud-minded. Where two raging fires meet together, they consume the thing that feeds their fury.
I will make him tell the tale anew where, how, how oft, how long ago, and when He has done it, and is again to cope with your wife.
If such actions are free, we will be a slave and pagan.
If the Jew does cut but is deep enough, I will pay it with my heart.
If the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion is a good thing.
If you do not intend to show her so little love to her, you will do it.
In all the play, there is no word apt, no player.
Who would be so foolish a bird?
It is a figure in rhetoric that drinks, being poured out of a cup into a glass, by filling the one doth empty the other.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.
For lead?
If you can learn this, Silius: Better to leave and leave, than by our actions, to get a reputation when he is away.
For Lord Hamlet, believe in him so much that he is young, and with a larger tether he can walk more than you can.
I followed him for love.
For love of God, be sure to be with him.
It is a bush that is scarce for many miles.
I will not be gone until I will be happy with myself.
For me, that I will be married to a wealthy widow, Ere, three days after I passed away, who has loved me as long as I have loved this disdainful haggard.
For me, the gold of France did not seduce, although I admitted it as a motive the sooner I would do what I wanted.
For me, three thousand ducats.
For me, I embrace my fortune with sorrow.
For Michael Cassio, I do not want to be sworn that he is honest.
For my good, all causes will give way.
For my part, I will be glad to learn about noble men.
For my part, I hope to be saved.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me alone with him.
For murder, though it has no tongue, will speak with the miraculous organ.
My brother, I think he holds you well, and in love with you has a holp to do your marriage, and you will be able to get married ill spent and labor ill.
I will be back for dinner.
For my Lord Lackbeard there, he and I will meet and have peace with him until then.
For my part, I am so sane and wonderful I know not what to say.
For my part, I regret that it is turned to a drink.
For my part, I do not care.
For my part, I had rather bear with you than bear you.
For my part, I have walked around the streets, exposing me to the dangerous night, and, thus unbracéd, Casca, as you see, has bared my bosom to the thunderstone.
For my part, the sea cannot drown me.
My uncle is King of Denmark, and those who would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little time.
It is so vile that on earth does not live, but to earth some good does.
I would admit that there is no traffic.
For not alone, the death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches, will be a big deal for us.
She is a sweet boy stolen from an Indian king.
He asked me to steal it with a solemn honesty.
Once upon a raw and gusty day, the troubled Tiber chafing with her shores, Caesar said to me: “Do you, Cassius, now go in with me into this angry flood and swim to 
One thing she did was she would not take her life.
Our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers, which is both healthy and good.
For our losses, his exchequer is too poor
Pyramus is a sweet-faced man, a man who is a good man as he will see in a summer day.
Pyramus ye kills himself.
I have liked several women.
For shame, bring Juliet forth.
For shame, put on your gown.
You are all generals.
He had rounded his hairy temples with a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers, and that same dew, which swelled around the buds like round and orient pearls, was now sto
She is wise, if I can judge her.
You are so good.
If you take your part, it is out of favor.
It is hard.
He has a skepticism for us.
You must say I couldn’t help it.
For the best turn i’ ll be bed.
For the Dauphin, I stand here for him.
For the heavens, he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.
My conscience, hanging around my neck, says to me very wisely, “My honest friend Launcelot, being an honest man’s son”—or rather an honest woman’s son, because my father did something smack
For the purpose of the law, the sentence is in full force, which is due upon the bond.
For the love o' God, peace!
For the love of God, a surgeon!
For the love of God, your help!
If the meat is covered, sir, it will be covered.
They are foolish, too.
I have no words or measure, and I have no strength in measure, yet a reasonable measure in strength.
For the poor wren, the most diminutive of birds will fight, Her young ones in her nest, against the owl.
For the Queen, I will take her to my guard.
For the table, sir, it will be served.
I hear what they say about him.
For the things that, like I said, Antonio will be bound.
They all had a state of evil that they will not admit to doing anything to them.
I will marry Warwick’s youngest daughter.
There is no more fearful wildfowl than your lion living.
There was never a fair woman, but she made mouths in a glass.
For those who rhyme themselves in ladies' favors, they always reason themselves out again.
For these two hours, Rosalind, I will leave you.
They will be happy years of happiness that you say to a man.
They were slashed with foul and violent rage.
For this night, go to bed and dream on the event.
Caesar has been hanging for this pain.
For this moment, I would not, so I would be able to be with you with love.
If you know this, you will know that she is the choice love of Signior Gremio.
For this relief, many thanks.
If there is any cruelness that can torment him and hold him long, it will be his.
This time I will leave you.
For this, be sure, tonight you will have cramps, side-stitches that will hold your breath up.
For those who are a little obsessed with your passion, you must be content to think you old, and so she knows what she does.
She is as like a crab as an apple, but I can tell what I can tell.
Three months, well.
You would have to teach me tyranny, to hang clogs on them.
Two, and sound ones too.
For us, we will look at this further.
For us, we will resign during the life of this old majesty to him our absolute power.
For us, you know who he is, and that is Caesar’s.
We will enrage this fear, which now goes too free-footed.
What is the hope that no revenue haste you but you are good spirits, to feed and clothe you?
What is the good turn?
What had he done to chide me?
What is he who follows them?
What is the crime?
What is love?
What is the reason?
What is your prayer?
When my hours were nice and lucky, men ransom lives of me for jests
When rich villains need poor villains, poor villains may make what they will pay.
When she saw that, which never will be found, you suspect she had disposed with Caesar and that your rage would not be purged, she sent you the word she was dead.
When you gave them the rod and put them down your own breeches, Prithee, nuncle, keep a schoolmaster who can teach your fool to lie.
Who would bear the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s contumely, the pangs of despised love, the law’s delay, the insol
Who did I do that ill?
With throwing so my head, dogs leap the hatch and all are fled.
Women are as roses, whose fair flower Being displayed once, fall that hour.
You know, nuncle, the hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long, that it was bitten off by it young.
You must understand that he goes to see a noise that he heard and will come back.
You can see, it is already in snuff.
If you come to dinner, sir, why not let it be as humours and conceits will govern.
If you want to know what is between us, O'ermaster is not as you can.
If you want to remember your father, be sure to be at ease.
You do not want to live for your life.
For your part, our swords have leaden points, Mark Antony.
Your physicians have expressly charged me, in danger of incurring your former malady, that I should not be absent from your bed.
Youth is more than begged or borrow.
As a soldier, I will not leave the half-achieved Harfleur Till in her ashes.
It is a heartbreaking experience to see a handsome man loose-wived, and it is a deadly sorrow to see a foul knave uncuckolded.
By this heaven, now at our sorrows pale, say what you can, I will go along with you.
By this light of heaven, I know not how I lost him.
If you are so late, you may think we held Tybalt a little sane, and we would be our kinsman.
You have your hands full all over this so sudden business.
You look at how cheerful my mother looks, and my father died within these two hours.
I met her late behind the woods, chasing sweet favors from this hateful fool.
My good liege, she is so kinged, her scepter so fantastically borne by a vain, giddy, shallow, humorous youth, that fear does not bother her.
My heart is filled with charms, thin eyes, and a blot.
Since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt your seditious countrymen and us, it has been decreed by the Syracusians and ourselves to admit no traffic to our adverse towns.
If I was the Moor, I would not be Iago.
Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight, you know.
Behold me.
Be sure to sleep the nights, and fast the days
Be sure to be patient and eat no more.
Fore heaven, a great song.
For heaven, they have given me a rouse already.
Forever and a day.
Forever and forever, Brutus.
Forever and forever, Cassius.
You can’t think of her.
You have forgotten!
Fortune and Antony are here.
Fortune and victory sit on your helm.
Fortune has forbidden me from leaving her.
Fortune is an excellent moral.
Fortune is a merry man, and in this mood, we will get anything.
Fortune now is my hope.
Fortune will pursue you!
Fortune, that arrant whore, Ne'er turns the key to your poor.
I would not have made a sum of money with all their love.
The men will be able to see the vile act of the world.
You have all moved mine.
What is the weather?
Foul words are only foul, and foul words are only foul breath, and foul breath is nothing.
What is your witch in my sight?
If you are more than your heart can think of you, you can make no excuse for your death.
Have you ever felt no pain in him by word or countenance?
Four days will be a bit of a slur.
Four legs and two voices—a very delicate monster.
Four nights will be the perfect time to dream away.
Fourscore ducats at a sitting!
Fourscore ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-mender?
Free from the bondage you are in, Messala.
Free, madam, no.
Freedom!
Fret till your proud heart break.
Friar, it is not.
Friar!
Friend Launcelot, what is the news?
Friends are I with you all and love you all upon this hope: that you will give me reasons why Caesar was dangerous.
Friends to this ground.
Friends, begone.
Friends, come here.
Friends, part!” and, faster than his tongue, his agile arm beats down their fatal points, and he screams at them.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears.
Friendship is constant in all other things, except in the office and affairs of love.
You are all so evil, Lord, who will be yours.
From Athens she is home to seven leagues, and she respects me as her only son.
From both, my lord.
From the fatal fares of these two foes A pair of star-crossed lovers take their lives, who misadventured piteous overthrowings Doth with their death bury their parents'
From France there is a power in this scattered kingdom, who, in our negligence, have secret feet in some of our best ports and are at point to show their open banner.
From helmet to the spur, he was all blood.
From now on, I will do sports.
He got it from me.
From me, whose love was of that dignity that it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage, and to decline upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor to those of mine.
If I had it, I would have it.
From our brother England?
From seventeen years ago, I had been almost fourscore here, but now I cannot live here.
Silvius, sir.
From that point I will not be able to do anything.
Is it from the Count Orsino?
From the dread summit of this chalky bourn.
From the four corners of the earth they come to kiss this shrine, this mortal breathing saint.
From this time on, I will never speak word.
From this time on, I will be able to tell you your love.
From top to bottom?
From front to front, bring this fiend of Scotland and myself.
A half hour.
I have seen a lady I have seen with best regard and many times.
My noble lord, this man has my consent to marry her.
It is seen that our means protect us and our mere defects make us happy.
Fulvia is dead.
Fulvia thy wife came first into the field.
Fulvia thy wife is dead.
Fulvia?
I pray you show my young Shylock’s house.
Fury, Fury!
I had the most star in the firmament twinkled on my bastardizing.
I am not as good as I am.
Gallus, go along.
Give it a clerk.
General, be advised, He comes to bad intent.
Dear cousin, let us thank him and encourage him.
Gentle lady, when I first gave you my love, I told you that I had all the wealth I had Ran in my veins.
Gentle madam, no.
Gentle Mercutio, put your rapier up.
Gentle Octavia, let your best love draw to that point, which seeks to preserve it.
Gentleman, God saves you.
Gentlemen, I suspect this trash is a party in this injury.
Gentlemen, we will not wake you up.
Gentlemen, you will mistake each other.
Gentlemen, can anyone of you tell me where I may find the young Romeo?
Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, rise.
Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls.
Gertrude, do not drink.
Get him to bed, and let his hurt be looked at.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Get horses for your mistress.
Get me a taper in my study, Lucius.
Get me ink and paper, and hire post horses.
Get me some poison this night, Iago.
Get on your nightgown, so don’t call us and show us to be watchers.
Get you a wife, get you a wife.
Get you away.
Get you out, and hire those horses.
Get you out, but do it.
Get you out.
Get you here.
Get you to a nunnery, go.
Get you to a nunnery.
Get to bed, Francisco.
Get to bed.
Get you a place.
Get you all three into the boxtree.
Get you gone and grab your return.
Get you gone, and in the pit of Acheron meet me i' m morning.
Get you to death, Poor miserable wretches, to the taste where God gives you patience to endure, and to repent all your dear crimes.
Get you back to bed.
If I get you to bed on your instant, I will be back with you.
Get you to bed, faith.
Get you to church and have a good priest who can tell you what marriage is.
Get you to your lord.
Get your apparel together, good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps.
I am at my service, like a slap, and both are ready to work in their offices, at any time.
Gifts that God gives.
Gilded tombs do worms enfold.
Give it your hand.
Give ear to my sister.
Give every man your ear but few words.
Give first admission to your ambassadors.
Give her the right you should have given her to her cousin, and so I die.
Give her this key and tell her in the desk that it is a cover with Turkish tapestry.
Give him a halter.
Give him a present.
Give him a direction for this merry bond, and I will go and purse the ducats straight to my house, and I will be with you.
Give him a note.
Give him no breath, but now he can get away with his distraction.
Give him a job.
Give him the cup.
Give him this act, and let him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.
Give me a calendar.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a living reason for her disloyal.
Give me a taper, call up all my people!
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse!
Give me a call.
Give me any gage of thine, and I will wear it in my bonnet.
Give me a good audience, madam.
Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
Give me excess of it that, if I get tired, the appetite may swell and so die.
Give me faith, say I.
Give me a break.
Give me the time to speak my mind, and I will clean the body of your infected world, if they will receive my medicine with patience.
Give me a leave, Caesar.
Give me permission. I am a gentleman of Verona, sir.
Give me a mine angle.
Give me mine armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my principal, and let me go.
Give me my robe, for I will go.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin again.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
Give me a chance to leave you.
Give me specifics.
Give me some help.
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some light away.
Give me some breath, some pause, dear lord, before I speak positively in this.
Give me some music.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
Give me that boy and I will go with you.
Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
Give me the cups.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me the letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand, and let me see you in your weeds.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me a torch, boy.
Give me the truth.
Give me your answer, i'm faith, and so you can get a bargain.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your first hand.
Give me your hand, and let me know all your fortunes.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hands if we are friends, and Robin will restore amends.
Give me your neaf, Monsieur Mustardseed.
Give me your present to one Master Bassanio, who gives rare new liveries.
Give me, give me!
Give me, quoth I.
Give me.
Give me the benefit of seigniory, and let my griefs swell on the upper hand.
Give me order to my servants that they do not take any note of our absence hence.
Give the word through.
Give the word, ho, and stand.
Give them a chance till he takes leave, and now after him.
Give your thoughts no tongue, no one thought his act was wrong.
Give a gracious message to a host of tongues, but let ill tidings tell Themselves when they are felt.
Give us kindly keepers, heavens!
Give us the place alone.
Good to welcome my friend.
Give you good morrow, sir.
Give you good morrow.
Give you a good night.
Give you a good night.
He earns three thousand crowns in annual fee and his commission to employ those soldiers, so levied as before, against the Polack, with an entreaty, herein further shown, that it might be good for you
Isn’t you a good man? Did you not lead him through the glimmering night from Perigouna, whom he ravishèd?
Gloucester, it is true that we are in danger.
What are Gloucester’s eyes?
Go a little before.
Go after her.
Go after.
Go and recommend me to my brother Cassius.
Go and importune her.
Go and say we will not shame her.
Go and tell them that.
Go and trim her up.
Go apart, Adam, and you will hear how he will shake me up.
Go armed.
Ask his name.
Go back and be new beaten home?
Go back again, you slave, and fetch him home.
Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, and stay there, Dromio, till I come to you.
Go to the priests to give me their opinions of success.
Bring the rabble, O'er whom I give you power, here to this place.
Go but with me tonight, you will see her chamber window entered, even the night before her wedding day.
Go by, Saint Jeronimy.
Call him here.
Go carry them and smear the sleepy grooms with blood.
Go charge Agrippa and plant those who revolted in the vant, so that Antony may seem to spend his fury on himself.
Go charge my goblins that they grind their joints with dry convulsions, shorten their sinews with agèd cramps and make them more pinch-spotted Than pard or cat o' mountain.
Go comfort your cousin.
Go fetch fire.
Go fetch it, sister.
Go fetch my best attire.
Go fetch them here.
Go forth, Agrippa, and begin the fight.
Go get him surgeons.
Go ahead.
Go get some water, and wash this filthy witness from your hand.
Go with diligence.
Go here.
Go in with me and I will tell you my drift.
Go with me.
Go in and tell my lady I am gone, displeased by my father, to Lawrence’s cell to confess and be absolved.
Go in, and weep not.
Go in, Nerissa.
Go after him.
Go ahead, our letters are prepared.
Go make yourself like a nymph o' th' sea.
Go not my horse the better, I must become a borrower of the night for a dark hour or two.
Go off, I discard you.
Go off.
Go on before.
Put on your defenses.
Go, Ariel.
Go to the priest, speak fair, and bring the body to the chapel.
Go for him.
Go for the traitor Gloucester.
Go shake your ears!
Show your slaves how choleric you are and make your bondmen tremble.
Go sleep and hear us.
Go on.
Go take this shape and hither come in.
Tell him about this.
Go and pick men, but leave your son George Stanley behind.
Go on, find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go then, my mother, to your daughter.
Go, tell your master: here I am.
Go thither, and with unattractive eye, compare her face with some that I will show you, and I will make you think thy swan is a crow.
Go to Juliet, and help to deck her up.
Go with me and let me counsel you.
Go.
Go out of the gate and let him smell His way to Dover.
Go to a nunnery.
Go your way, wench.
Go to him, Dolabella, and give him a yield.
Go to him, madam, speak to him.
Go to my chamber, put on clothes of mine.
Go to the gate.
Go to the pulpit, Brutus.
Go to your cold bed and warm you up.
Go to your cold bed and warm you up.
Go to your rest.
Go to, away.
Go to, carry this.
Go to, charm your tongue.
Go to, farewell.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, I will not be able to do it again.
Go to him, mum, you are he.
Go to, say nothing.
Go to that, then!
Go to that.
Go to, they are not men o' their words.
Go to the place, if you want to be, and say, “I am made?
Go to, well said, well said.
Go to the devil, woman, and throw your vile guesses in the devil’s teeth from where you have them.
Go to, you are too shrewd.
Go to, you are a dry fool.
Go to.
Go to.
Go to.
Go to.
Go on the path that will make you return.
Go waken Juliet.
Go to him.
Go with me and see what I can show in this.
Go with me to a notary, seal me there Your single bond, and, in a merry sport, if you repay me not on such a day, in such a place, such sum or sums
Go with me to bless this twain that they may be prosperous and honored in their issue.
Go with me to it, and I will show you it, and you will tell me where in the forest you live.
Go with me to the duchess.
Go with me to the vault.
Go with me, let’s smother my damned son, whose two sweet sons smothered him.
Go with me, Silvius.
Go with me.
Go with my brothers to my lords of England.
Go you and talk with the duke, that my charity is not about him.
Go you and prepare Aliena, for looking you, here comes my Rosalind.
Go you and tell her about it.
Go you and tell my daughter I would speak with her.
Go ahead and I will follow you.
Go down that way towards the Capitol.
Go to him from me.
Go you with me and I will use your skill.
Go with me, uncle of Exeter.
Go you, call hither my fool.
Go, and bring them.
Go, and with your fastest speed, bring us what she says and how you find her.
Go, be gone.
Go, ask the huntsmen to wake them with their horns.
Go, bind this man, because he is frantic too.
Go, Biondello, ask your mistress to come to me.
Go, borrow me a crow.
Go, bring them in. Take your places, ladies.
Go, by this token.
Go, call him hither, boy no more will be the neighbor to my counsels, he has so long held out with me, untired, and stops him now for breath?
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Go, Eros, send his treasure after.
Go, grab me something: I will break the gate.
Go, get you gone, I say.
Go, get you there.
Go, get you to your love, as was decreed.
Go, girl, and seek happy nights to be happy days.
Go, girl.
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, go, good countrymen, and for this fault, assemble all the poor men of your kind, draw them to Tiber banks, and weep your tears into the channel till the lowest stream kiss the most ex
Go, go, up to the leads.
Go, go.
Go, good partner, go, get you to Francis Seacole.
Go, Tubal.
Go, hang yourself all!
Go, keep us company, and we will make full satisfaction.
Go, leave me.
Go, Lovell, with all the speed to Doctor Shaw.
Go, make money.
Go to your great-grandsire’s tomb, from whom you claim.
Go, one of you, and find out the forester.
Go one, and call the Jew into the court.
Go, Pindarus, get higher on that hill.
Go, prepare for dinner.
Go, prick your face and over-red your fear, you are a lily-livered boy.
Go, rascals, go and fetch my supper in.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go, sirrah, seek him.
Go, sir, take them to the buttery place and give them a friendly welcome to each other.
Go, sirrah, trudge about through fair Verona.
Go, some of you, and bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
Go, take it up to your master’s use.
Go, then, for it is in vain to seek him here, that means that he is not found.
Go, vanish in the air, away!
Go, write it in a martial hand.
Go, you cot-quean, go.
Go, you are wild, you cannot soothsay.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Goats and monkeys!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
God 'i' good e'en.
God 'ild you for your last company.
God 'ild you, sir.
God almighty, there is some soul of goodness in things evil, would men be observingly distilling it out.
God and his angels guard your sacred throne and make you long enough to become it.
God and our good cause fight on our side.
God and our innocence protect and protect us.
God and the rope maker bear me witness that I was sent for nothing but a rope.
God and your arms will be praised, victorious friends!
God is at your table.
God will be wi' you and keep you safe and heal your wounds.
God be wi' you, princes all.
God be wi' you, sir.
God will be wi' you.
God will be wi' you.
God is with my old master.
God is with you all.
God is with you.
God bless me from a challenge.
God bless you and put meekness in your breast, love, charity, obedience, and true duty.
God bless you, sir.
God bless you with health and happy days.
God bless you!
God buys you, take mine office.
God defends me from these two.
God for your mercy, they are loose again!
God gives him joy!
God gives me joy to wear it, because my heart is exceeding heavy.
God gives us a chance to enjoy these rites of love!
God gives your Grace good rest.
God gives him health.
God grants that some, less noble and less loyal, are nearer in bloody thoughts, and not in blood, and that they are not worse than Clarence did.
God grant that we never have any need of you.
God has given you one face and you make yourself another.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God will help the noble Claudio!
God will help you, shallow man.
God will keep it to your honor’s good content.
God in heaven bless her!
God keeps me from false friends, but they were none.
God keeps me so.
God keeps you from them, and from such false friends.
God keeps your Ladyship in that mind, so that some gentle-man or other will'suffocate' a scratched face.
God keeps your Lordship in that gracious mind.
God keeps your Worship alive!
God knows I loved my niece, and she is dead, slandered to death by villains that do not even want to answer a man as I do not want to take a serpent by the tongue.
God made him and let him pass for a man.
God makes incision in you
God will make your Majesty joyful, as you have been.
God will bless you to his grace.
God has mercy on them, who are the cause of it.
God will quit you in His mercy.
God will rest you merry, sir.
God will restore you to health.
God saves the foundation!
God saves the king.
God saves you, sir!
God saves you, sir.
God saves your Majesty.
God sends you joy, Petruchio.
God sends you a quick infirmity, for the better, to increase your folly.
I will be a shield for you on Thursday.
God speaks this “amen”!
God will revenge it, whom I will importune with vigour.
God will revenge it.
God witness with me, I have wept for you.
Good, gentlewoman.
Good morning, gentlemen.
God-a-mercy, Grumio!
God, forgive us all!
God, the best maker of all marriages, is the best maker of all marriages.
God’s arm strikes with us!
God’s benison goes with you and with those who would make good of bad and friends of foes.
God’s bodykins, man, are much better.
God’s bread!
Where is the Sexton?
God’s peace, I would not lose such a great honor as one man more, methinks, would share from me, for the best hope I have.
God’s will and His pleasure, Captain, I beg you now, to come to the king.
God’s will, I pray you do not wish one more man.
Good Captain James.
Gods and goddesses, all the whole synod of them!
Godspeed, fair Helena!
Goes Fleance with you?
Is the king now?
Gold, silver, and base lead.
She is.
It is here, sir.
What is the end?
Goneril with a white beard?
Good bawcock, 'bate your rage.
Good beauties, let me not suffer from scorn.
Good cheer, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper, and look at it in the chair of the praetor where Brutus may only find it.
Good Corporal Nym, show your valor and put your sword on the ground.
Good counsel, marry.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning, friend.
Good day and happiness, dear Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, get to know your daughter.
Good brother.
Good e'en, good e'en.
Good Enobarbus, it is a worthy act, and will make you happy, to give your captain a soft and gentle speech.
Good Enobarbus, make yourself my guest while you stay here.
Good Enobarbus!
Good to my ghostly confessor.
Good faith, a little one, not past a pint, as I am a soldier.
When I met this holy man, I thought about the men you talk about.
Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold him in the same way that you objected to.
Good Father, how foolish are our minds?
Good Father, I beg you to kneel, Hear me with patience, but to speak a word.
Good fool, as ever you deserve good at my hand, help me to a candle, pen, ink, and paper.
Good fool, for my brother’s death.
Good fool, help me to some light and some paper.
Good fool, some ink, paper, and light, and convey what I will set down to my lady.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and farewell.
Good friend, be gone.
Good friend, go to him.
Good friend, I prithee, take him in your arms.
“Good friend, Say the firm Roman to great Egypt sends this treasure of an oyster, at which foot, I will be able to mend the petty present with kingdoms.
Good friends, go in and taste some wine with me.
If you are the lady of the house, I will be sure I will continue in my speech.
Good young men, not a desperate man.
Good gentlemen, give him a new edge, and drive his purpose to these delights.
Good ladies, let me speak.
Good men, look fresh and merrily.
Good grandam, tell us, is our father dead?
Good Grumio, get it me.
Good guard until they are known for their greater pleasures.
Good hay, sweet hay, no fellow.
Good heart, at what?
Good heaven, the souls of my tribe defend from jealousy!
Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.
Good husband, come home now.
Good luck, how do you both?
Good Lord for alliance!
Lord, how bright and good the moon shines!
Good Lord!
Good lords, make all the quickest moves possible.
Good love, call him back.
Good madam, be not angry with the child.
Good madam.
Good madam, hear me.
Good madam, keep yourself in your mind.
Good madam, let me see your face.
Good madam, patience.
Good madam, stay a while.
Good madam.
Good madonna, give me permission to prove you a fool.
Good madonna, why are you so mournful?
Good luck, Herod of Jewry does not look at you, but when you are happy.
Good Margaret, run you to the parlor.
Good Maria, let this fellow be looked at.
Good Master Fabian, give me another request.
Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well.
Good Master Peaseblossom, I will want you to be more familiar with you.
Good master, take it not unkindly, pray, that I have been so pleasant with you both.
Good meat is common, sir.
Good Mistress Accost, I want to be a better person.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen, and, princely peers, a happy day.
Good to you.
Good morrow to this fair assembly.
Good luck to you and your family.
Good luck to you and your family.
Good to you.
Good morrow to your Worship.
Good morrow, Benedick.
Good morrow, both.
Good morrow, brother Bedford.
Good morrow, Brutus.
Good morrow, Caesar.
Good morrow, Casca.—Caius Ligarius, Caesar was so much your enemy as that same ague which made you lean.
Good morrow, Catesby.
Good morrow, Catesby. You may be tempted to go on, but by the Holy Rood, I do not like these councils.
Good morrow, cousin.
Good morrow, Father.
Good morrow, friends.
Good morrow, General.
Good morrow, good Lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate, for that is your name.
Good morrow, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morrow, masters.
Good morrow, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning, neighbor Gremio.
Good morrow, neighbor, whither away so fast?
Good morrow, noble sir.
Good morrow, Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Good morrow, Prince
Good morrow, Richmond.
Good morrow, sweet Hero.
Good morrow, worthy Caesar.
Good complexion, do you think I am caparisoned like a man, but I have a doublet and a hose in my disposition?
Good friends, consider you my guests.
Good my liege, Kent.
Good to me, you have been a boggler ever.
Good to hear from him.
Good luck, enter here.
Good luck, enter here.
Good luck, my lord.
Good luck, my lord.
Good to my lord, give me your favor.
Good, my lord, how do you honor you for this many days?
Good to my lord, if I have any grace or power to move you to His present reconciliation.
Good, my lord.
Good to you, vouchsafe me a word with you.
Good, my lord, what is your cause of distemperation?
Good to me.
Good to me.
Good my mouse of virtue, answer me.
Good sovereign, take up the English short and let them know what a monarchy you are the head.
Good name in man and woman, dear my lord, is the immediate jewel of their souls.
Good news, good news!
Good night then, Casca.
Good night to you.
Good night, but don’t go to mine uncle’s bed.
Good night, good brother.
Good night, Captain Blunt.
Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night!
Good night, good night.
Good night, honest Iago.
Good night, lieutenant, I must watch.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, Penthesilea.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good Norfolk, hiet you to your charge.
Now, hold your tongue.
Good luck now!
Good nuncle, and ask your daughters blessing.
Good old knight, I will collect them all together in my tent.
Good news, or bad news, that you are so blunt?
Good people, enter and lay hold on him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Good luck!
Good Romeo, hide yourself.
Good sentences, and well pronounced.
Good shepherd, tell this youth what it is to love.
Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all. My wife is shrewd when I keep not hours.
Good signiator, you will have more command with years than with your weapons.
Good signors, when will we laugh?
Good Sir Toby!
Good sir.
Good sir, be a man, think every bearded fellow who is but yoked may draw with you.
Good sir, be patient.
Good sir, draw near to me.
Good, sir, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, this ring was given to me by my wife.
Good, sir.
Good sirs, take heart.
Good sister, let us dine and never fret.
Good sister, wrong me not or wrong yourself, to make a bondmaid and a slave of me.
Good sooth, even so.
Goodbye, save me a piece of marchpane, and, as you love me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
Good time to my gracious lord.
Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, in such disdainful manner I will woo.
Good Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice and desire her to rise.
Good Volumnius, you know that we two went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Good luck, please, be mercifully.
Good your highness, patience.
Good, good, the justice of it is good.
Good, good.
Good, i'm faith.
Good, speak to your mariners.
Good, but remember who you are.
Good!
Good.
Lord, what a wit-snapper are you?
Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little about the matter.
Gower is a good captain and has good knowledge and literature in the wars.
Grace go with you, sir.
Grace grows where those drops fall.
Graces will appear, and there is an end.
He has ten thousand men who are older and better than Christendom.
I should tell you that I saw something I said I saw, but I do not know how to do it.
Gracious Olivia—What do you say, Cesario?—Good my lord— My lord would speak.
You are a good person.
Gramercy!
Grandam, his nurse.
My uncle Rivers talked about how I did grow more than my brother: “Ay, quoth my uncle Gloucester, “Small herbs have grace
Grandam, this would have been a bit of a slur.
Give them their legal action.
Gratiano speaks infinitely nothing, more than any man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Grave, hail!
Great and increasing.
Great business must be done at noon.
Great Dunsinane, he is strong.
Great God of heaven, say amen to all!
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony is now a widower.
What a great thing we forgot about it?
Gremio, now is no time to vent our love.
The grief of my son’s exile has stopped her breath.
I am sorry that I am not going to do this for you, because herein Fortune is more kind than hers.
Isn’t I had one but one?
Grim death, how foul and loathsome is your image.
He has sat in a slender chamber to the slender pleasing of a lute.
You are right!
Grumio gave instructions on how to do it.
Grumio, my horse.
Ha, you are a bedlam?
Ha, banishment!
Are you honest?
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha.
I am a merry man.
Oh, let me see.
Ha, Portia?
What do you mean?
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
You are right, lad!
Had all his hairs been lives, I would have been able to get revenge on them all.
Had he a hand to write this, a heart and a brain to breed it?
Had he done so?
Had he his hurts before?
Had I a glass, I would.
If I had as many mouths as Hydra, such a response would stop them all.
If I had as many sons as I have hairs, I would not wish them a better life.
If I had been a god of power, I would have sunk the sea within the earth or sunk it if the good ship had swallowed it and the fraughting souls within her.
Had I known this young man his son, I would have given him tears to his sex.
Had I died an hour before this chance, I had lived a blessed time, because from this moment on there is nothing serious in mortality.
If I had great Juno’s power, the strong-winged Mercury would have gotten you up and set you up by Jove’s side.
Had I not been four or five women once that tended me?
If I plantated this isle, my lord, he wouldn’t have snatched with nettle seed.
If I had your tongues and eyes, I would use them so that heaven’s vault should crack.
Had it been your ability to thank you.
Had my lips that power, I would wear them out.
Hadn’t it been as good?
Had our general Been what he knew himself, it had gone well.
If she had affections and a youthful bloody spirit, she would be as swift as a ball.
If she had been true, I would have sold her for it.
Had we done so at first, we would have driven them home with clouts about their heads.
If we had fought, I doubt we would have been too young for them.
If you were as wise as bold, young in limbs, in judgment old, your answer would not be scuffed.
If you were their father, these white flakes drew criticism.
If you were not able to come upon your words, my lord, William Lord Hastings, had pronounced your part — I mean your voice for crowning the king.
Had you rather gotten rid of all slaves, than that Caesar was dead, to live all free men?
Had you been able to enjoy such a leisurely time in the time of death to look at the secrets of the deep?
If you did so, the kings who have revolted and the soldier who has left you today would have followed your heels.
Had you ever been poisoned, no sharp-ground knife, no sudden mean of death, though ne'er so mean, but “banishèd” to kill me?
You, lady, and the grace of heaven, before, behind you, and on every hand, you will be able to turn round.
Hail to you, thane of Glamis!
Hail to your grace.
Hail to your lordship.
Oh, brave friend!
I am a Caesar, a Caesar, and my lord.
Hail, sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
He is mortal.
Oh, dear Caesar!
Hail!
Hail.
It is a half a feist to come.
Half-blooded fellow, yes.
Halfway down is one that gathers samphire—dreadful trade!
Hamlet, you are killed.
My daughter has shown me this in obedience, and more above, his solicitations, as they fell out by time, by means, and by place, all given to me ear.
Hand in hand with fairy grace, will we sing and bless this place.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him instantly.
Hang him, foul collier!
Hang him, Jack!
Hang not on my clothes.
Hang out our banners on the walls.
Hang there, my verse, in witness of my love.
Hang on the tomb, luring her when I am dumb.
Hang up your mistress!
Hanging and wiving goes by destiny.
If you are too spooky, you may be able to hear a woman’s voice.
I see a friend saving my life and paying the sum that may be able to save me.
Haply in private.
I am going to die with a restorative.
He will be able to escape this matter in his heart, wherein his brains still beating him up.
I will be a lord who will take my painstaking painstaking pain and take half my love with him, half my care and duty.
You will see some toys you want to buy, and your store, I think, is not for idle markets, sir.
She is not so dull, but she can learn.
Happiest of all is that her gentle spirit is committed to you to be directed as from her lord, her governor, her king.
He is the second time he has come to them, because they say he is twice a child.
I met my lady and my wife.
Happily met, the happier for your son.
Happily, amen!
Happy to You, our re-ownèd duke.
Happy day, as we have spent the day.
Hermia is happy, where she lies, because she has beautiful eyes.
Happy is your Grace, which can translate the stubbornness of fortune into a quiet and sweet style.
Happy parents of a child so fair.
If England had a virtuous prince, he would take on his grave the sovereignty of his kingdom.
Happy, because we are not too happy.
Hard, hard.
Harder, harder.
Hark further.
Hark how our steeds for present service neigh.
Hark you, Clitus.
Hark you, Dardanius.
You will be here at night.
Hark you, Guildenstern, and you too—at each ear a hearer.
Hark you, sir.
Hark, boy!
Hark, can you hear me?
Hark, come hither, Tyrrel.
Hark, hark!
Hark, hark!
Hark, hark!
Hark, how these instruments summon to supper.
Hark, now I hear them.
Hark, Petruchio: she says she will see you hanged first.
Hark, they roar.
Hark, Tranio!
What noise is this?
Hark!
Hark!
Hark.
Do not slap on that string, madam.
I will still be able to keep my heartstrings broken.
Harpier screams, "Tis time, tis time." Round the cauldron go, in the poisoned entrails throw.
Harry le Roy.
Has he never heard you in this business?
Has he, masters?
Has here a letter to you.
Has this fellow no feeling of his business?
Hast he ever been a philosopher?
Hast she stolen it from her?
Hast du affections?
Hast du been drunk well?
Hast du forgotten her?
Hast du forgotten the witch Sycorax, who was grown into a hoop with age and envy?
Hast du sat down?
Hast du found my daughter?
Hast du met with him?
Hast du cared about me?
Hast du no letters to me from the friar?
Hast du not a word of joy?
Hast du not dropped from heaven?
Hast du killed him then?
Hast du killed Tybalt?
Hast du the flower there?
Hast du the pretty worm of Nilus there, that kills and pains?
Hast du, spirit, been able to point out the tempest that I am badeing you?
I am so sceptical that I can go to my revenge.
You will be able to live your life.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Grey and Rivers, Holy King Henry and your fair son Edward, Vaughan, and all those who have miscarriaged by underhand, corrupted, foul injustice. If you
You will be a spooky cast from Tripolis.
Has anyone seen him at the barber’s?
He asked me.
He did this music?
He set bounds between their love and me?
Isn't it a bad thing to be a good man?
Isn’t it?
Is there any son, my lord?
Isn’t it a Jew?
Are you a Jew who has hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions?
He was a sin that he had in his eyes, a sin that he had in his youth who gave their eyes the liberty to gaze?
Hath sat down and needs to taste his fright.
Has Romeo slain himself?
She forgot that brave prince, Edward, her lord, whom I have been drinking for three months now at Tewkesbury?
She forsook so many noble matches, her father and her country, and her friends, to be called “whore”?
Has she made her affection known to Benedick?
Is that the fellow who told you this?
Have you ever been to such a time?
What is your grace ne'er a brother like you?
Have all his ventures failed?
Have a look at Cinna.
Have at the eye of that proverb with “A pox of the devil.” You are the better at proverbs, by how much “A fool’s bolt is soon shot.”
Have at you, feist!
Have a good day!
Have you heard a proverb: I will set in my staff?
Have a surgeon, Shylock, on your charge, to stop his wounds so that he can not die.
Have done your charm, you hateful, and have sat down.
Have done, have done.
Have I caught you?
Have I stretched my arm in conquest so far to be afraid to tell graybeards the truth?
Have I not heard great armaments in the field, and heaven’s artillery thunder in the skies?
Have I not heard the sea, puffed up with winds, roar like a angry boar chafèd with sweat?
Have I not reason, beldams as you are?
Have I seen the aspic in my lips?
Have I thought long to see the face of this morning’s face?
Have I, Malvolio?
Have I, my lord?
Have mercy, Jesu!
Have you been a little worried about your health, but I will not be a better person.
Have more than you showest, speak less than you knowest, Lend less than you owest, Ride more than you got, Learn more than you trowest, Set less than you throwest, Leave your drink and your
Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
Have you not loved enough to bear with me when that rash humor that my mother gave me makes me forgetful?
Have patience and endure.
Have patience, I beg you.
Have patience, madam.
Have patience, sir.
Have the pioneers given o'er?
Have we devils here?
Have with you.
Have you ever thought about sinking?
Have you a soul or a sense?
Have you ever asked your lord to negotiate with me?
Have you had any further trade with us?
Have you delivered to her our decree?
Have you done it yet?
Have you got to go to shrift today?
Have you had a quiet guard?
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary?
Have you heard of any wars against the two Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you imported him by any means?
Have you no modesty, no shame, no touch of humour?
Have you no more to say?
Have you no more to say?
Have you no wit, manners, nor honesty but to be a tinker at this time of night?
Have you not hurt your head?
Have you not read about some of that, Roderigo?
Have you set Lysander to follow me as a shame, and praise my eyes and my face?
Have you not set mine honor on the stake, and baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts that tyrannous heart can think?
Have you not spoken 'to the Duke of Cornwall aught?
Have you sent you to Bottom’s house?
Have you that holy feeling in your souls to counsel me to make my peace with God, and you have yet to show your blindness to God by smuggling me?
Have you sent me your message?
Have you been in the chain about you?
Have you written the lion’s part?
Have you gotten me wrong?
After I have a drink, I will watch Titania when she is asleep and drop it in her eyes.
What is the danger for lead?
He loved our sister most, and now he is too grossly judging her.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He is here to answer your question whether you will accept him.
He is here in the forest on the duke your father.
He bears him like a savage gentleman, and, to say truth, Verona slams him for being a virtuous and well-governed youth.
He bears the third part of the world, man.
He has too much mind.
He starts at the start of the day and walks until the first cock.
He swam from the earth, as if his entrails were hairs, le cheval volant, the Pegasus, qui a les narines de feu.
He breathes, my lord.
He brings great news.
He brings me liberty.
He brings you figs.
He brushes his hat o' mornings.
He calls me “boy” and chides him as he had power to beat me out of Egypt.
He calls to horse, but I will not know what he says.
He calls us back.
He came to me and I delivered it.
He came too late.
He can tell you, as he seems, about the revolt The newest state.
He cannot be heard of.
He is not a monster, and he is not sure.
He cannot by the duello avoid it.
He cannot flatter, he.
He can't like her long.
He cannot live, I hope, and cannot die until George is gone.
He cannot prevail with me.
He cannot speak, my lord.
He comes to kill me.
He comes upon a wish.
He comes, my lord.
He could not have sat sixpence a day.
He cries for you and vows, if he can take you, to scorch your face and to disfigure you.
He does not want to come there for the candle.
He did not do that.
He asked for his favor.
He had a chain for me, but it was not.
He did not bewray his practice, and was unable to get caught.
He told me to call him a timely manner.
He did not get enough of his snucks before he sucked it.
He handled women in some way, but then he was rheumatic and talked about the Whore of Babylon.
He did me kindness, sir, drew on my side, but in conclusion put strange words upon me.
He did not call, he is busy in the paper.
He received his letters and is coming.
He did, and from my finger snatched that ring.
He did, from first to last.
He has started that place, which has been re-edified since the ages of the next generation.
He died as one who had been studied in his death to throw away the dearest thing he had owed as a savage sham.
He dies, and he dies again.
He dies!
He hears me, and he hears me.
He makes our fire, fetch in our woods, and serves in offices that profit us.
He smiles in more lines than in the new map with the rise of the Indies.
He does well to praise it himself.
He does.
He will visit you tomorrow or next day, my noble lord.
He has some sparks that are like wit.
He does nothing but frightening, as he should say, “An you will not have me, choose.” He hears merry tales and smiles not.
He will be there tomorrow.
He dreams.
He faints!
He fears you are not good to him.
He fell down on the market, foamed at mouth, and was speechless.
He finished his mortal act that made my sister thirteen years old.
He followed you.
He has forbidden it, being free from vainness and self-glorious pride, giving him a trophy, a signal, and a sternity to God.
He gives you a thousand thanks on his knees, and he is happy that he has fallen into the hands of one of England’s brave, valorous, and thrice-worthy seigneur.
He goes before me and still has to wait for me.
He goes forth with a rage.
He grows worse and worse.
He had a fever when he was in Spain, and when he was fit, I marked how he did shake.
He had a taste of the food.
He had a thousand noses, Horns whelked and waved like a sea.
He had none.
He had one yesterday.
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, these people saw the chain about his neck.
He has a little slurched me, I confess.
He has almost supped.
He has been yondering to his shadow this half hour.
He has brave utensils that he calls them when he has a house.
He has broken my head and given Sir Toby a bloody coxcomb.
He had deserved it, if it was a car that was a holy Phoebus’s car.
He has heard that word of some great man and now applies it to a fool.
He killed me, mother.
He has my dying voice.
He has no children.
He has no more directions in the true disciplines of the wars, look you, of the Roman disciplines, than a puppy dog.
He has a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper, for what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
He is bound to Tripolis, another to the Indies.
He has an uncle here in Messina who will be very happy of it.
He has assembled Bocchus, the King of Libya
He has been a courtier, he swears.
He has been in a strange pleasure and sent you a great largess to your offices.
He has been abused most notoriously.
He has been out nine years and will be away again.
He brought many captives home to Rome, who had ransoms to fill the general coffers.
He has ordered your wife and me to hang Cordelia in the prison and to blame her for her own despair.
He has confessed.
He has shamed me and hindered me a half a million, laughed at my losses, mocked my gains, scorned my nation, ruined my bargains, chilled my friends, heated mine enemies.
He has done good service in these wars, lady.
He has every month a new sworn brother.
He has fought today as if a god, in hate of mankind, had stroyed in such a way.
He has given his empire up to a whore
He has honored me of late, and I have bought Golden opinions from all sorts of people, which would be worn in their new gloss, not cast aside so soon.
He has known you for three days, and you are already no stranger.
He has left them forever to your heirs—common pleasures, to walk abroad and recreate yourself.
He has lost his fellows and is about to find 'em.
He made me a Christian.
He is neither Latin, French, nor Italian, and you will come into the court to swear that I have a poor pennyworth in the English.
He has no daughters, sir.
He has no friends, but who are friends for fear.
He has not told the king his thoughts?
He has not told us of the captain yet.
He has not touched you yet.
He has refused it in the open court.
He has riddled his prologue like a rough colt.
He has slept long.
He has some meaning in his mad attire.
He has the falling sickness.
He has the jewel of my life in hold, His youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca, and her keeps me and other people in my love, as if she is impossible, for those defects I have before rehearsed,
He has cut Cupid’s bow-string twice or twice, and the little hangman does not want to shoot at him.
He has done nothing more than to be sure he will not be swore.
He has made many tenders of his affection to me.
He has, my lord.
He has.
He calls her a nonpareil.
He holds me well.
He is a craven and a villain, an evil man who doesn’t please your Majesty, in my conscience.
He is a dreamer.
He is a gentleman of a good house, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is a god and knows what is right.
He is a good man, and his worthiness is a challenge to much respect.
He is a good man, but who can converse with a dumb show?
He is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
He is a sick man who would speak with you.
He is a very good man.
He is about the house.
He is addressed.
He is afeard to come.
He is all the mother’s mother, from the top to the bottom.
He is already named and gone to Scone to be invested.
He is here.
He is as disproportioned in his manners as in his shape.
He is as valorous as a kindness, in both ways.
He is as horribly conceited of him as he is, and looks pale, as if a bear was at his heels.
He is at hand, and Pindarus is coming to you to salute his master.
He is at the airport with a desperate train.
He is called Aunchient Pistol.
He is coming.
He is composed and framed of treachery, and fled he is upon this villainy.
He is slammed.
He is drowned, and the sea mocks our search on land.
He is drunk now.
He is enamored on Hero.
He is hid in Lawrence's cell.
He is in earnest.
He is in heaven, where you will never come.
He is a horse, and all other creatures you may call beasts.
He is served with justification.
He is knight, dubbed with rapier and on carpet consideration, but he is a devil in a private brawl.
He is married?
He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio.
He is much changed.
He is my dear friend, an pleaser.
He is my prisoner, and you will not have him.
He is my prisoner.
He is not less than a stuffed man.
He is not doubted.
He is not here, so please your lordship, that should sing it.
He is not here.
He is not snoring on a lewd love bed, but on his knees at meditation
He is not the flower of courtesy, but I will be sure to be as gentle as a lamb.
He is not very tall for his years.
He is yet to be arrived.
He is now as valiant as Hercules, who only tells a lie and swears.
He is now in some commerce with my lady and will soon be able to leave.
He is very melancholy.
He is of note.
He is or is ta'en or slain.
He is ready at the door.
He is returned.
He is sad and civil and suits well for a servant with my fortunes.
He is the most active gentleman in France.
He is killed.
He is sure possessed, madam.
He is the jewel of all nations.
He is the general challenger.
He is the only man of Italy, excepted my dear Claudio.
He is a giant to an ape, but he is a doctor to a man like him.
He is too sceptical for my company.
He is a shameless man.
He is busy about it.
He is very close to this.
He is very well-favored, and he speaks very shrewdly.
He is welcome here.
He is welcome.
He is well paid and is well satisfied.
He is wise, and I have stolped him home to sleep.
He is the most skilled, bloody and fatal opposite that you could have found in any part of Illyria.
If it is yours, we can now withdraw us.
He is.
He kills her in her own humor.
He knows I know him well.
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo by the bad voice.
He knows not the stop.
He knows not what he says, and it is a shame that we will present us to him.
He has not known about his fortune.
He knows that you embrace not Antony as you love, but as you feared him.
He lays it on.
He leads himself.
He left behind me and a sister, both born in an hour.
He left this ring behind him, would I or not.
He is not like the living.
He lies to your heart.
He is in seven leagues of Rome tonight.
He lives that loves you better than he could.
He is not longing for the dawning as we do.
He wants to eat the English.
He wants to see you.
He looks more gentle than he did.
He loves me well, and I have given him reasons.
He made you for a highway to my bed, but I die maiden-widowèd.
He married but his occasion here.
He may command me as my sovereign, but you have power in me as a kinsman.
He may be recovering.
He may show what outward courage he will have, but I believe he could wish himself up to the neck as cold as it is on a night like this.
He may win, and what is music?
He meant he did nothing to me, the more my spite.
He might have chid me, because in good faith, I am a child to chiding.
He misses nothing.
Sebastian named him.
He needs as many, sir, as Caesar has, or we cannot.
He doesn’t need to.
He never did harm that I heard of.
He will not see my face.
He made one of them only in a general honest thought.
He lived only until he was a man, and his prowess had no sooner been confirmed in the shacking station where he fought, but like a man he died.
He has some humors and careers.
He plies the duke in the morning and in the night, and impeachs the state's freedom if they refuse justice.
He asks you to save his life.
He raised the house with loud and frightened cries.
He ran this way and leapt this orchard wall.
He received them from him that brought them.
He replied, “You are a savage man!
He said mine eyes were black and my hair black.
He said once the devil would have him talk about women.
He said the truth.
He saves my labor by his own approach.
He says for Brutus' sake he is holding us to all.
He says he will come.
He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name is Poor Tom.
He says so, Tranio?
He says so.
He says they can do nothing in this way.
He says, my lord, your daughter is not well.
He wants me to live.
He seems to know that too, and comes to you to speak with you.
He does not see you.
He asks if you have a pleasure to play with Laertes, or if you will take longer to play.
If I said his beard was not cut well, he was in the right place.
He will do this, or I will recant the pity I pronouncèd here late.
He will enlarge him.
He will have justice and his bond.
He will have nothing but the penalty.
He will be ready in time.
He will kill two of us, and men, indeed.
He will live a man forbidding.
He will not go to prison.
He will not live.
He will pay for him that has him, and that is a good thing.
He will not see any fear.
He will sabotage fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes 'bove wisdom, grace, and fear.
He will stay my leisure.
He will taste my bottle.
He will tell them so.
He will think, by the letters that you will drop, that they come from my niece, and that she is in love with him.
He should commit your godfathers.
He sings at grave making.
He smiled and said, “The better for our purpose.” He was in the right place, and so is it.
He has been wanting my life, but lately, very late.
He speaks home, madam.
He is not true.
He is nothing but madman.
He speaks to me.
He speaks well.
He started one poor heart of mine in you.
He stays on your will.
He supped at me, but I do not shake him.
He supposes tonight with a harlotry, and thither will I go to him.
He swore he would never marry, and yet he eats his meat without grudging.
He takes on him to understand so much and comes to you to speak with you.
He taught me how to know a man in love, in which cage of rushes I am sure you are not prisoner.
He tells me that I am a Jew’s daughter, and he says you are no good member of the commonwealth, because you raise the price of pork in conversion to Christians.
He tells me, dear Gertrude, he has found the head and source of your son’s distemper.
He who lauds me for bringing me the content of the book.
He who conceals him, death.
He who has a house to put his head in has a good headpiece.
He who has the two fair daughters is not the one you mean.
He who is giddy thinks the world turns around.
He who is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He is robbed, not wanting what is stol'n, let him not know, and he is not robbed.
He who keeps nor crusts nor crumbs, weary of all, will want some.
He knows better how to tame a shrew, let him speak
He will bring a brand from heaven and fire us, hence like foxes.
He who plays the king will be welcome.
He will see this day and live old age every year on the vigil feast his neighbors and say, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.”
He who stirs next to carve for his own rage holds his soul light, he dies upon his motion.
He that sweetest rose will find love’s prick, and Rosalind.
He will think to live till he is old, give me some help!
He sends you, meeter for your spirit, this treasure, and, instead of this, you want to let the dukedoms that you claim to have gotten away from you.
He thinks he is still at his instrument.
He thinks that twenty times of better fortune, he is twenty men to one.
He threw his eye aside and marked what object did present itself: Under an old oak, whose boughs were mossed with age and high top bald with dry antiquity, a wretched,
He uses his folly like a stalking-horse, and under that he shoots his wit.
He was a bachelor.
He was a king.
He was a man.
He was a fool who brought me back to me.
He was a little ill, but suddenly a Roman thought struck him.
He was furnished like a hunter.
He was my friend, faithful and just to me.
He was born to shame.
He was not merry, which seemed to tell them his remembrance lay in Egypt with his joy, but between both.
He was not sad, because he would shine on those who make their looks look like he did.
He was not three leagues off when I left him.
He was quick to get a little irritated when he went to school.
He was the wretched man when he was young, so long a-growing and so leisurely, that if this rule were true, he would be gracious.
He was wont call me usurer
He was wont lend money for a Christian courtesy
He is desperate with imagination.
He was a brave monster, if he was set in his tail.
He was an excellent man who was made just in the middle of him and Benedick.
He was no lion, he was not Romans.
He who next thyself of all the world I loved and to him put the management of my state, as at that time it was the first, and Prospero the prime duke, so reputed in dignity, and
He will bear you easily and will keep you safe.
He will come straight.
He will do everything in all, as Hastings do.
He will find it comes from a clodpole.
He will keep that good name still.
Domitius, he will not fight with me.
He will not know what he does, except he will know what he does.
He will not say so.
He will again make his Egyptian dish.
He will, if he live to be a man.
He wonders how long you have assembled troops of citizens to come to him, not being warned of it before.
He wore his beaver up.
He would be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He would make it a sport and torment the poor lady.
He would not have spoken such a word.
He would not take the crown.
He would not?
He loves the prince, for his father’s sake, so much that he will not be won to slap him.
He, he, is he.
He was the best lady to be fair.
He, sir, must marry this woman.
He, sir.
He, that Caliban who is now in service.
He is now in durance at Malvolio’s suit, a gentleman and follower of my lady’s suit.
He can’t refrain from the excess of laughter when he hears of her.
He, woman.
He.
He will be hanged yet, though every drop of water swears against it and gapes at widest to get him to sleep.
He will only break a comparison or two on me, which, if he is not marked or laughed at, strikes him into melancholy, and then there is a wing saved, for the fool will eat
He will scream you up, i'm faith.
He will be a good man.
He will make your Paris Louvre shake for it, if it was the court of mighty Europe.
He will never give up.
He will say he was done feetly when he wakes.
He will speak with you, will you?
He will watch the horologe a double set if he drinks rock not his cradle.
He is a conspirator.
He is a coward and a coistrel that will not drink to my niece until his brains turn o' th's toe like a parish top.
He is a friend of the Duke Alençon’s.
He is a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He is a traitor.
He is a fool and a prodigal.
He is almost killed, and Roderigo is dead.
He is as good at anything as he is, yet he is a fool.
He is as tall as any man in Illyria.
He is bound to Octavia.
He is coming here—now, i' th night, i' th's ready, and Regan with him.
He is coming, madam, but in strange manner.
He is coming, madam.
He is dead and rotten.
He is dead.
He is fat, and has a sigh of breath. Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub your brows.
He is fortified against any denial.
He is friends with Caesar, you say you are in good health, and you say you are free.
He is gone, but his wife is killed.
He is gone.
He is in Arthur’s bosom, if ever he went to Arthur’s bosom.
He is in his right place and does not talk after the wisest.
He is in yellow stockings.
He is married to Octavia.
He is married, madam.
He is married.
He is no standard.
He is not your kinsman.
He is now in Florence.
He is of the color of the nutmeg.
He is safe for these three hours.
He is speaking now, or murmuring “Where is my serpent of old Nile?”
He is that he is.
He is worth more sorrow, and I will spend more for him.
He is not worth more.
Hear a little further and then I will bring you to the business which is now on, without the story that was most impertinent.
Hear Antony.
Hear his speech but say you have a good chance.
Hear it apart.
Hear it not, Duncan, because it is a knell that summons you to heaven or hell.
Hear me a word, because I will never speak to you again.
Hear me for my cause, and be silent that you may hear.
Hear me with patience.
Hear me yet, Shylock.
Hear me, Beatrice— Talk with a man out at a window.
Hear me, because I will speak.
Hear me, good brother, under your mercy.
Hear me, good friends.
Hear me, good madam.
Hear me, hear me what I say: he who strikes the first stroke, I will run him up to the hilts, as I am a soldier.
Hear me, my lord.
Hear me, Queen: The need for time commands our services for awhile, but my heart is still in use with you.
Hear me, recreant!
Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall out of sharing what you have pilled from me!
Hear my excuse.
Hear my soul speak.
Hear the ambassadors.
Hear the noble Antony.
Hear the shrill whistle, which does not give to sounds confused.
Hear you aught of her in yours?
Hear you the news abroad?
Hear you, my lords, and we have some urgentity, Leonato.
Hear you, sir?
Hear, Nature, hear, dear goddess, hear!
Heard you of nothing strange about the streets?
Heard you this, Gonzalo?
If you are a heart, you will be stronger than your continent.
Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets, cannot think, speak, cast, write, sing, number—hoo!
You are so hearty.
Heaven and earth!
Heaven and your thoughts are witnessing that you are.
Heaven and you had part in this fair maid.
Heaven knows it.
Keep the monster from Othello’s mind.
Heaven knows what she has known.
Heaven makes you free of it.
I send such uses, not to pick bad from bad, but by bad mend!
Heaven will keep you alive!
Heaven will rest them now.
Heaven knows that you are false as hell.
Heaven would have given her these gifts and I would live and die her slave.
Heavenly powers, restore him!
Heavens keep him from these beasts.
Heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him.
Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a sham.
Heavens thank you for not!
Heavens, I am the best of them who speak this speech, if I were speaking in the same way.
Heigh-ho.
Helen, it is not so.
Helen, to you, we will unfold.
Helena, adieu.
Help me, ho!
Help me in some house, Benvolio, or I will faint.
Help me, help me!
Help me, my women!
Help me bear this away where my hogshead of wine is, or I will turn you out of my kingdom.
Help me dress up, good coz, good Meg, good Ursula.
Help, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, ho, help!
Help, ho!
Help!
He will be away.
The world is awash with banishèd, and the world is exiled with death.
He is growing ambitious, and you hear it?
I will then go to my ghostly friar’s cell, his help to crave and my dear hap to tell.
So, with your little ones.
So, be my grave my peace, as I give her her father’s heart from her.
So, and stand aloof.
So, away!
Be gone, away!
So, get you gone and follow me no more.
That is a horrible shadow!
You are a horrible villain, or I will scare you like balls before me.
So, let's not let his fortune take over you.
Make sure you are doing your best.
Mardian, bring me how he takes my death.
You are a farmer!
So, eunuch!
So!
So!
So!
So!
So.
So.
I will never be Romeo.
I will continue to cry out of it, “Enough, enough” and die.
Do your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, in infant bands crowned king of France and England, did this king succeed, who had the power to lose France and make his England bleed.
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.
Her blush is guiltiness, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in the monument of Capels, and her immortal part with angels lives.
I begin to pity her.
Her eyes are a bit different.
Her eyes would be so bright that birds would sing and think it was not night.
Her eyes are fierce, but thine Do not feel like you are going to burn.
Her savageness should be wiped out by the savageness of the savage creatures.
Her father is Baptista Minola, an affable and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me, oft invited me, and questioned me about my life from year to year, the battles, sieges, fortunes that I have passed.
Would her father be her lord?
What color is her hair?
Her head has declined, and death will kill her, but your comfort makes the rescue.
Her hedges, even-pleached, are like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair.
Her husband, knave.
Her husband, sirrah?
Her long illness, with what is more serious to you to know, bears.
Her lord is come.
She loves to both love each other and loves to draw after her.
She has told me that many times.
Her name is Katherina Minola, known in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Her name is Margery.
Her name is Portia, nothing undervalued Cato’s daughter, Brutus' Portia.
Her name, as fresh as Dian’s face, is now begrimed and black as mine’s face.
She is too shrewd and froward, and beyond all measure, I would not have wed her for a mine of gold.
Her vestal livery is sick and green, and none of the fools do it.
Her vine, the merry cheerer of the heart, Unprunèd, dies.
Her spooked son has broken his arrows, he says he will shoot no more, but play with sparrows and be a boy right out.
Her worth being mounted on the wind, through all the world bears Rosalind.
Herald, save your labor.
Here we look at all of us.
Here are enemies.
Here at the door.
Here at your service.
Here Catesby comes back.
Stop more questions.
Here are the lovers, full of joy and joy.
Here are the officers.
Here are two noble beasts, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here is Ancient Pistol and his wife.
Here is another tribe.
Here is another troop to search for you.
Here is Antony.
Here comes Baptista.
Here is Brabantio and the valiant Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, although he had no hand in his death, will receive the benefit of his dying — a place in the commonwealth — as you will not
Here comes his Majesty.
Here is Kent.
Here is Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here is my man.
Here is my man.
Here comes my messenger.
Here is my noble gull-catcher.
Here comes a newer comfort.
Here is Oberon.
Here is one of the parings.
Here is one.
Here are some other reck'nings.
Here is Sir Oliver.
Here is Sir Toby halting.
Here is the count.
Here is the Countess.
Here is the Emperor.
Here comes the fool, i'm faith.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back.
Here is the good Macduff.
Here is the ad of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, the courtiers, who are these men and women who follow them with such rites?
Here is the lady.
Here is the lady.
Here is the little villain.
Here is the man you mean.
Here is the man who saved me.
Here is the noble Antony.
Here is the Prince and Claudio in the midst of a sigh.
Here are the Prince and Claudio.
Here comes Thisbe.
Here are two of the duke’s pages.
Here is the young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
Here I am, and I will grow as I can!
Here are a hundred knights and squires, men so disordered, so debauched and bold that this our court, infected with their manners, shows like a riotous inn.
Here he comes with your niece.
Here he comes, and the Scots captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
I am Antony, but I cannot hold this visible shape, my knave.
Here I am.
Here I am.
I kneel here: If my will did trespass against his love, either in discourse of thought or in actuality, or that mine eyes, mine ears, or any other sense, have lighted them, or any other form
Here I am, your slave, a poor, infirm, weak, and despised old man.
Here I will sit.
Here in the tent.
I have lurked in these confines to watch the waning of my enemies.
Here is a friar that trembles, sighs and weeps.
Here is a place reserved, sir.
Here is a rural fellow that will not be denied the presence of your Highness.
Here is a wonder, if you talk of a wonder.
Here is better than the open air.
Here is everything that is beneficial to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here are more news.
Here are more of us.
Here is my bed.
Here is my final journey, here is my butt, and my most beautiful sea-mark.
Here is the cap your Worship was saying.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor, The dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here is the man.
Here is the money.
Here is the number of the slaughtered French.
Here is the place, my lord.
Here is your fee.
Here is a postscript.
I think it is here.
Here is the story.
Here lay Duncan, his silver skin laced with his golden blood, and his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature for ruin’s wasteful entrance.
Let them lie here till famine and the ague eat them up.
Here I sit down and measure my grave.
Here lies the county slain, and Juliet bleeding, warm and newly dead, who here has been buried these two days.
Here lies the east.
Here lies your way.
Here you are, love, and you are so diligent that you can dress your meat yourself and bring it to you.
Here on her breast there is a vent of blood, and something is blowing.
Here she is, cursed and sad.
Here the street is narrow.
I will stay here for a while.
Here they will be, man.
They thought they had done some charm on this man and a little girl, who vows that no bed-right will be paid till Hymen’s torch be lighted—but in vain.
Here was a Caesar.
Here was he screaming at a song.
Here we are.
Here were the servants of your adversary, and yours, close fighting ere I approached.
I will rest until the break of the day.
Here we will sit and let the sounds of music Creep in our ears.
Here you can roast your goose.
Here, at your hand.
Here, catch this sleeve.
Here, Fluellen, wear this favor for me and stick it in your cap.
Here is the Master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too.
Here, I will remain with worms that are your chamber maids.
Here, here, sir!
Here, here!
Here, kiss the book.
Here, madam, at your service.
Here, madam: Constern them.
Here, madam.
Here, master.
Here, mighty Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here, Peter Quince.
Here, Signior Tranio, this bird you aimed at, though you hit her not.
Here, sir, a ring she wants to give you.
Here, sir, I am as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir, but trouble him not.
Here, sir!
Here, sir!
Here, sirrah Grumio.
Here, stand behind this bulk, and he will come straight.
Here, sweet lord, at your service.
Take this dish away.
Here, you incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, drink this potion.
Here, under the direction of Brutus and the rest of the world—for Brutus is an honorable man
Wear this jewel for me.
Here.
Here.
Here is a change.
Here’s a good world.
Here is a madman who will kill me.
Here is a maze threw through a slew of skepticism and skepticism.
Here is a night pity neither wise man nor fool.
Here’s a spirit.
Here’s another More powerful than the first.
Here’s Cassio hurt by villains.
Here’s Decius Brutus.
Here’s a drink.
Here’s France and Burgundy, my noble lord.
Here’s a good gear.
Here is his dry hand up and down.
Here’s Lucentio, right son to the right Vincentio, who have made your daughter mine by marriage while counterfeit suppose bleared your eyne.
Here’s metal more attractive.
Here are more news.
There is no bush or shrub to keep away from any weather.
Here is no knavery!
Here is one of his clothes, with light and weapons.
Here is one, a friend, and one who knows you well.
Here is our guest.
Here are our own hands against our hearts.
Here’s packing, with a witness, to deceive us all.
Here’s Romeo’s man.
Here’s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash, like to a censer in a barber’s shop.
Here’s sport indeed!
Here’s a coil.
Here’s what will drive some of them to a noncome.
I will pay you all.
Here is the friar ready.
Here’s the way I am: I am on a marketplace silvered, and Cleopatra and himself were publicly enthroned.
Here’s the place.
Here is the smell of the blood.
Here’s to Caesar.
Here’s to you, Menas!
Here is to your health.
I pray you, let me in.
Here is yet some liquor left.
In a better world than this, I will want more love and knowledge of you.
Here I see you love me not with the weight that I love you.
Hero itself can blot out Hero’s virtue.
Hero who is dead!
Hero thinks she will die, because she says she will die if he doesn’t love her, and she will die if she makes her love known, and she will die if he woo her rather than she
You are her.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Hid’s that forehead with a golden crown? Where should be branded, if that right was right, the slaughter of the prince who owed that crown and the terrible death of my poor sons and brothers?
He will smile and be affable.
Hie you, gentle Jew.
Hie you, slave.
Robin, you have to overcast the night.
Hie to high fortune!
Hide to your chamber.
Hie you to church.
Hie you to horse.
Hide you to the cell.
Hi, make sure you are ready, because it grows very late.
Hi, Messala, and I will seek for Pindarus the rest of the time.
Hie, make it a priority, make it a priority.
The queen of state, Great Juno, comes.
Hillo, ho, ho, boy.
He and his worth and our great need of him have been well conceived.
He is there in person?
He is the man.
His absence blames his promise.
His affections do not tend to be so.
He said that the people were not used to be spoken to, but by the recorder.
His backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract.
His bark is stoutly timbered and his pilot is very expert and approved.
He was grizzled, no?
He does not breathe on the earth.
His breeding, sir, is at my charge.
His captain’s heart, which has burst in the scuffles of great fights, reneges all temper and is becoming the bellows and the fan to cool a gypsy’s
He is a man, and his affections are higher than ours, and when he is stooping, he is stooping with the like wing.
His company must do his magic, while I at home hunger for a merry look.
He is a good counsel.
He does not like me.
His lips were fliessing from their color, and that same eye whose bend awes the world lost his luster.
He will be king and queen, and we will be viceroys.
His daughter will be brought to the supper by you.
His daughters seek his death.
He is dead, but not dead.
He can, I am sure, be a fool, because the goose does not carry the fox.
His dishonesty appears to be leaving his friend here in necessity and denying him.
His employment between his lord and my niece is not less than impressive.
He did not earn it, ere he had it.
His eyes are humbler than they were.
His eyes are red as fire with weeping.
His eyes were green as leeks.
His eyes were set at eight i' the morning.
His father was called Philip of Macedon, as I take it.
He is a poor man who is honest and is well-loved.
His fault is not the law, but the life of Tybalt.
He is not good enough, and the good king his master will check him out.
His flight was madness.
His folly, Helena, is not my fault.
He is now a forward man and he is speaking well of his friend.
His glory ne sat down in the way he was worthy, nor his offenses for which he suffered death.
His grace made the match, and all of his grace said “Amen” to it.
He looks cheerful and smooth this morning.
His grace speaks cheerfully.
His highness is not good.
His honor and myself are at the one, and at the other is my good friend Catesby, where nothing can proceed that touches us, where I will not have intelligence.
His horse is killed, and he fights all on foot, seeking Richmond in the throat of death.
His hour is almost past.
His indignation comes from a very competent injury.
His knights grow riotous and he upbraids us on every troll.
He will be speaking if you have tuned.
He is so strong that he is not so strong.
His letter here will show you his estate.
I gave him his life and did it to add my love, without restraint or resentment, to his life.
His life was gentle, and the elements were so mixed in that Nature could stand up and say to all the world: “This was a man.”
His majesty, Tend'ring my person’s safety, has appointed this conduct to convey me to the Tower.
He is Balthazar.
My lord, Tyrrel.
He is his name!
His name is Cinna.
His neigh is like the bidding of a monarch, and his countenance enforces homage.
His nurse?
His inhumanity that stripped her of his benediction turned her to foreign casualties, gave her dear rights to his dog-hearted daughters.
His passport will be made, and crowns for convoy will be put in his purse.
He is here and your pains we thank you for.
His arm shook the world.
I know his reason.
His roguish madness allows itself to anything.
He is a royal man, who is better than you would wish, and who is better than you would wish.
His soldiership is twice the other two.
He is older, sir.
His son is thirty.
He was a ward just two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
He hears me and I must curse.
His taints and honors are equal to him.
He has taken the infection of the device, man.
He is very right.
His wits are gone.
His word is more than the miraculous harp.
His word could bear my wealth at any time.
He said, “Farewell, mistress.” Nothing else.
Ho, ho, ho!
Let the door be locked.
Now you strike like the blind man.
Open the door.
Hob, nob, is his word.
Hold him in safety until the Prince comes to him.
Hold little faith, though you have too much fear.
Hold off the earth for a while until I have caught her again in mine arms.
Hold your hand off.
Hold your hands off.
Hold then my sword and turn away your face while I run upon it.
Hold you in mind.
Hold you still.
Hold you the watch tonight?
Hold you, there is a groat to heal your groat.
Hold, for shame!
Hold, for your lives!
Hold, ho!
Hold, hold, my heart, and you, my sinews, grow not instant old, but bear me stiffly up.
Hold, my hand.
Hold, or cut bowstrings.
Hold, sir, for God’s sake!
Hold here, sir, here’s my purse.
Hold your dagger in the house, sir.
Hold my sword.
Hold, take these keys, and fetch more spices, Nurse.
Hold, take that and that.
Hold on.
Hold, there are forty ducats.
Hold, there are expenses for you.
Hold, there is half my coffer.
Hold, Toby!
Hold, worthy lady, hold!
Hold!
Is it true, sir, that the Duke of Cornwall was so murdered?
Holla!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here.
Home, you idle creatures get you home!
Honest Iago Hath ta’en order for ’t.
Honest Nurse, farewell.
Honest, ay, honest.
Honest, my lord?
Honest, my lord?
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hood my unmanned blood batting in my cheeks, until you get a strange love, grow bold, think true love acted simple modesty.
Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes.
Hope I will choose, sir.
Hoppedance cries in Tom’s belly for two white herrings.
Horatio says he is not our fantasy, and will not let belief take hold of him noticing this dreaded sight twice seen of us.
Horatio, you are just a man, as I had a conversation with you.
Horn mad, you are villain.
Horns?
Horrible sight!
Horrible steep.
Horses are tied by the heads, dogs and bears by the neck, monkeys by the loins, and men by the legs.
Hortensio, hark.
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, peace.
Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
Hot, hot, and humid.
He will make them weep and wail.
Hover about her
How do you feel now?
How is the seventh cause?
How “strangely”?
How do you wear the garland?
how am I sat down?
How am I false?
How am I a villain to counsel Cassio to this parallel course, directly to his good?
How do you respond to you for yourself?
How do you respond to that?
How is the fight going?
How are they escoted?
How do you get out of breath when you have breath to say to me that you are out of breath?
How beauteous mankind is!
How well, sir?
How was he mad?
How bright was her eyes?
How did she get there?
How did this happen?
How are we coming to shore?
How have you recovered from this?
How did you get there?
How did you come to me, Cassio, by that handkerchief?
How can it be?
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
How can that be, when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in Denmark?
How can that be?
How can these things seem to you as a shame, if I have the badge of faith to prove them true?
How can this be?
How can you cross this marriage?
How can you make me happy?
How can you tell Titania, you know I love you, Titania, and know you love you.
How can you try them?
How can you tell us what is going on when you broke it in such a terrible way?
How can you get her to know you?
How much chance the king comes with a train so small?
How many roses do they have so quickly?
How many times have you returned?
How many chances do they travel?
How cheery are you, Jessica?
How is it now, my husband, O, that you are so alienated from you?
How is it?
How is that going?
How does he get this trick?
How did you find the dispute on the seventh cause?
How long has my master, Strato, died?
How do you all at Verona?
How do you mean, removing him?
How do you, Cassio?
How do you, madam?
How do you, Malvolio?
How do you, pretty lady?
How do you, sir?
How do you, women?
How does Hamlet work?
How does he love me?
How does lieutenant Cassio?
How does my bounteous sister look?
How does my Lord Hamlet work?
How does my old acquaintance of this isle?
How does my royal lord behave?
How does my wife behave?
How does the queen?
How honors you?
How do you and your master agree?
How do you feel now?
How do you like the Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How do you, Benedick, be the married man?
How do you, Charles?
How do you, Guildenstern?
How do you, my good fellow?
How do you do that?
How do you do it, my lord?
How do I do my lady?
How does the lady behave?
How does the prince behave?
How durst you, villains, bring it from the dresser and serve it to me that love it not?
How easy is it?
How far into the morning is it, lords?
How far that little candle throws his beams?
How far, soldier?
How does my gracious sir behave?
How does my Juliet get?
How does my lord behave?
How does my noble lord behave?
How does our cousin Hamlet get?
How does our cousin, noble Lord of York, get to know us?
How does your grace affect you?
How does your majesty compare to you?
How fearful and dizzy it is to cast one’s eyes so low!
How fine my master is!
How fondly do you?
How foolish are your fears now, Calphurnia!
How does it go?
How is it going here?
How is it going now?
How do I get it with my brave Mark Antony?
How is the night going, boy?
How does the world go with you?
How is the world going now, sir.
How green!
How have you lost your breath?
How have you been offended?
How hast you the heart, being a divine, a ghostly confessor, a sin-absolver, and my friend professed, to mangle me with that word “banishèd”?
How has your lordship been jailed?
How have I been behaved that he might stick the smallest opinion on my least misuse?
How am I offended?
How have the hours racked and tortured me since I have lost you!
How have you known the suffering of your father?
How have you split yourself?
How have you slept, my lord?
How heavy is my lord!
How do I dot on you!
How I have thought of this and how I will recount this.
How idly do they talk?
How foolish are you?
How will he stand if he is not?
How do I answer “No”?
How can I refuse the kiss?
How do they do it?
How do you start a new job?
How are you going to be “practiced”?
How is it with me when every noise comes to me?
How is your fairest Bianca?
How is it with you?
How is it, brother!
How is it, Laertes?
How is it, my noble lord?
How is it?
How is it the “man i’ th’ moon”?
How is it with her?
How is it, general?
How is the man who is here in the city?
How is your life with you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How do you feel like you, the young German, the Duke of Saxony’s nephew?
How much is Gremio these quick-witted folks?
How long has he been there?
How long has she been so?
How long has this possession held the man?
How long have you been a sectary astronomical?
How long will you stay in this wood?
How looked he?
How much have you lost?
How low am I, you painted maypole?
How low am I?
How lush and lusty the grass looks!
How malicious is my fortune, that I must repent to be just.
How many cowards who are all as false as stairs of sand wear yet upon their chins The beards of Hercules and frowning Mars, who, inward searched, have livers white as
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy?
How many gentlemen have you lost in this action?
How many creatures are there?
How many months do you want?
How many people should cover that?
How many things are worthy of praise and perfection by season?
How many times will Caesar bleed in sport, that now on Pompey’s basis lies no more worthy than the dust!
How many, as you guess?
How can that be?
How can the Duke be satisfied, whose messengers are here about my side upon some present business of the state to bring me to him?
How can we try it further?
How much better is it to weep at joy than to weep at joy!
How much I had to do to calm his rage.
How much low-paying would be gleaned from the true seed of honor?
How much older you are than you look!
How much you are going to do with Mark Antony.
How will this be done?
How do you get here, brother Edmund?
How have you quit the mines now, Captain Macmorris?
How now, Cassio!
How now, cousin Hero!
How now, daughter and cousin?
How now, daughter?
How do you now, fellow?
How do you get away from the bridge?
How now, friend Eros!
How is that now, general?
How do you get here, gentleman?
How do you get here, Grumio?
How do you get here, Horatio?
How do I do now, how do I do now?
How do you get these interjections?
How do you get here, lady?
How do you know what is happening now, Lord Stanley?
How do you get here, Lorenzo?
How now, Malvolio!
How do you get here, Malvolio?
How do you now, masters?
How now, mistress?
How do you get here, dear Othello?
How do you look now, my friend, so pale?
How now, my hearts!
How now, my lord!
How now, my lord!
How do you get here, my lord?
How do I get here now, my love?
How is my metal of India?
How do you get here, my noble friend?
How do I get here now, my pretty knave?
How now, my sweet Bianca!
How do you get here, old lad?
How do you get here, Oswald?
How now, Roderigo!
How now, Roderigo!
How do you get here now, Shylock?
How now, Sir Toby Belch!
How do you get here, sir?
How do you get here, sir?
How now, sirrah!
How do you get here, spirit?
How do you get here, Tubal?
What are the news?
What is the matter now?
Who calls now?
How now, worthy soldier?
How do you now, you dog?
How do you hide, black, and midnight hags now?
How now!
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How do you get here?
How odd he is!
How oddly do you respond?
How oft have my old feet stumbled at graves tonight?
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How would you be ruled by me?
How did he have a relationship with you?
How poor are they that have not patience.
How do you prove that in the vast heap of your knowledge?
How quickly the wrong side may be turned outward.
How satisfied, my lord?
How do you say to the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
How do you say that?
How do you say now?
How do you say now?
How do you say that, Malvolio?
How do you say, Cassio?
How do you say, lady?
How do you say, Signior Gremio?
How do you say, sir?
How do you say?
How do I answer you?
How will I know you again?
How will that faith return to earth, unless that husband sends it to me from heaven by leaving earth?
How will we beguiled by the lazy time if not with some delight?
How will we find the concord of this discord?
How will we see their tears?
How do we try it?
How will you hope for mercy, rendering none?
How should that be?
How should they be, when wise men have no eyes?
How sweet sound lovers' tongues are by night, like the softest music to attending ears.
How smooth and even they bear themselves, as if allegiance in their bosoms sat Crownèd with faith and constant loyalty.
How sound is she asleep?
How sweet is love itself when but love’s shadows are so rich in joy!
How sweet the moonlight sleeps on this bank!
How tartly he looks!
How might that change his nature?
How the moon sleeps with Endymion and not awakens.
How sick are you?
How do you think of it?
How vexest you this man!
How good is my comfort restored by this.
How will this fadge be?
How will you live?
How do you do for a father?
How do I give him that I have given you?
How is the governor of the town yet?
How, how do I pray you?
How, how, Cordelia?
How, how, how?
how, I pray?
How do people in one house hold amity?
How, in stripping it, you can invest it more!
How, my lord, I may be censured, that nature gives way to loyalty, something I fear to think about.
How, my pretty York?
How, the nonpareil!
How will she be?
How!
How!
How?
How?
How?
How is that?
How is the day?
Howe'er a fiend, A woman’s shape shields you.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
Howling attends it.
Hoyday, a riddle!
Hugh Capet, who utmostly utmosted the crown of Charles the duke of Lorraine, the sole heir of the true line and stock of Charles the Great, was able to find his title
Hum!
I thank you for your grace.
I am a little snuck on my knee and crave your blessing.
Dear, sir, I thank you.
Humh!
Huntsman, I charge you, tender my hounds.
Hurt him in eleven places.
Husband, I will be standing above you today, and shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.
Husband, let’s follow to see the end of this ado.
Husband?
Hush and be mute, or else our spell is ruined.
Hush, Thou thinks there are no more shapes as he, having seen him and Caliban.
Hush!
Hymen from heaven brought her, Yea, to bring her to the rescue, so you can join her with his Whose heart within his bosom.
I am a snuck palm.
I afeard of him!
I almost die for food, and let me have it.
I will go alone.
I am a fellow o' th' strangest mind i' th' world.
I am a fool to weep at what I am glad of.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I am a gentleman of blood and breeding, and from some knowledge and assurance I can offer this office to you.
I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I am a gentleman.
I am a Jew.
I am a king, my masters, I know you.
I am a soldier, I am a soldier, and I am a better person in practice than you.
I am a spirit of no common rate.
I am a tainted wether of the flock, Meetest for death.
I am a very foolish old man, fourscore and upward, not an hour more or less.
I am a villain.
I am afeard that there are few who die well in a battle, because how can they dispose of anything when blood is their argument?
I am afeard you make a vile wish to me.
I am afeard, Being in night, all this is only a dream, too sweet to be substantial.
I am afraid he will chastise me.
I am afraid this great lubber, the world, will be a cockney.
I am afraid to hear you tell it.
I agree with him, and would I have given him the best horse inv Padua to start his wooing that would woo her thoroughly, wed her, and bed her, and rid the house of her!
I am all the daughters of my father’s house, and all the brothers too.
I am alone the villain of the earth, and I feel like I am the villain of the world.
I am amazed and do not know what to say.
I am an ass, I am a woman’s man, and besides myself.
I am a sax, indeed. You may prove it by my long ears.
I am an ass
I am armed and well prepared. Give me your hand, Bassanio.
I am as mad as he, if sad and merry madness equal be.
I am ashamèd I gave them.
I am ashamed that women are so simple to offer war where they should kneel for peace
I am aweary of this moon.
I am a smear.
I am going to supper, Jessica.
I am bound by a oath, and therefore, beg you.
I will hear it.
I am bound to the court of the Count Orsino.
I am bound to you forever.
I am bound to your niece, sir.
I am boy to them all three, but all three, even if they would serve me, could not be man to me.
I am hurt.
I am only north-north-west.
I am called Dercetus.
I am called.
I am changed.
I am Christophero Sly.
I am coming to give my king a good night.
I am always doing my job.
I am happy you will stay here, but not stay here, but you will stay here as well.
I am happy, so the first cities you talk about may wait on her.
I am happy, so you will have it.
I am happy.
I am happy.
I am cut to my brains.
I am debating my present store, and by the near guess of my memory I can not immediately raise the gross of three thousand ducats.
I am desperate for my fortunes if they check me.
I am sure you have been conjunct and baffling with her as far as we call her.
I am dumb.
I am dying, Egypt, dying.
I am even the natural fool of fortune.
I am famished in his service.
I am afraid in field and town.
I am fire and air, my other elements I give to baser life.
I am for it, lieutenant, and I will do you justice.
I am for the air.
I am for you straight.
I am for you.
I am a pleasure to work with.
I am told, sir, to be secretly aware that your younger brother Orlando has a desire to come in disguise against me to try a fall.
I am glad he is coming, howsoe'er he comes.
I am glad that I did.
I am glad that I did.
I am glad you have left.
I am glad I did.
I am glad I did.
I am glad I did.
I am glad that my weak words have struck, but so much fire from Brutus.
I am glad you can speak no better English, because if you could speak better English, you would find me a king of a kind that you would think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I am glad your father died, your match was mortal to him, and I am glad you have a good old thread.
I am glad to see you in this merry vein.
I am glad to see you mad.
I am glad to see you well.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad you saw your highness.
I am glad you have honoured you.
I am gone, though I am here.
I am Grumio’s pledge.
I am half afeard and will say that he is a kin to you, and that he is a kin to you.
I am the one who is so lovingly shaken.
I am he.
I am so glad I came to you.
I am already here, sir.
I am her.
I am his brother, and I love him well.
I am your daughter.
I am hurt.
I am in my condition as a prince, Miranda—I think, a king
I am in this position to deliver the noble duke of Clarence to your hands.
I am in your debt for your last exercise.
I am very knowledgeable of the cause.
I am Launcelot, your boy that was, your son that is, your child that will be.
I am not sure what I would you know.
I am locked in one of them.
I am mutilated for ever.
I am a bit of a victim.
I am more an antique Roman than an old Dane.
I am more proud to be Sir Rowland’s son, His youngest son, and would not change that calling to be adopted heir to Frederick.
I am a little afeardy when my lady his mother played falsely with a smith.
I am very close to you.
I am never merry when I hear sweet music.
I am no child, no babe.
I am a freebie, lady.
I am not a fighter.
I am no less in blood than you, Edmund.
I am no more mad than you.
I am no traitor.
I am no villain.
I am not one of his flirt-gills.
I am none of his skains-mates.
I am none of them, my lord.
I am not a slut, though I thank the gods I am a foul.
I am not Barbason, you can't fool me.
I do not want love.
I am not bound to give you my answers.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
I am not drunk now.
I am not for this ambling.
I am not furnished with the money.
I am not gamesome.
I am not guilty of Lysander’s blood.
I am not here.
If he is killed, say “ay” or if not, “no.” Brief sounds determine my weal or woe.
I am not in a sporty humor now.
I am not in the throne today.
I am not mad, Sir Topas.
I am not mad.
I am not made of stones, but I am able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I am not married, Caesar.
I am not merry, but I do not beguile the thing I am by appearing otherwise.
I am not of many words, but I thank you.
I am not of your element.
I am not sick if Brutus has any exploit worthy of the name of honor.
I am not so reputed!
I am not as well as I should be, but I will be a little disappointed.
I am not sorry for neither.
I am not Stephano, but a cramp.
I am not an ad, but I can keep my hand dry.
I am not taught to make anything.
I am not to you known, although in your honor I am perfect.
I am not a fool.
I am not well in health, and that is all.
I am not good.
I am not what I am.
I am now from home, and I am out of that provision which will be needed for your entertainment.
I am in a hurry, as it may appear to you.
I am old and foolish.
I am old now, and these same crosses spoil me.
I am one of those people who have been so incensed that I am reckless about what I do to spite the world.
I am one of those people who tell you that your daughter and the Moor are making the beast with two backs.
I am only sorry he had no other death’s man.
I am out of all other tunes, methinks.
I am paid for it now.
I am pale, Charmian.
I am peppered for this world, I warrant.
I am poisoned.
I am a little irritated by the smell of leek.
I am ill and Antony loves it.
I am ready now.
I am ready.
I am rightly loathy to go.
I am satisfied.
I am a little too tired, my lord.
I am sent before to make a fire, and they are coming after to warm them.
I am sick and sullen.
I am sick in displeasure to him, and he is affectionate with me.
I am so late in the world that I have lost my way forever.
If I stay longer, I would be a shame and your discomfort.
I am so.
I am sorry for her, as I have just reason, being her uncle and her guardian.
I am sorry for my cousin.
I am sorry for you, friend.
I am sorry for you.
I am sorry for your displeasure, but it will be good to go.
I am sorry I beat you.
I am sorry that I am deceived in him.
I regret that I had not quoted him with better judgment and attention.
I am sorry that your leisure does not serve you.
I am sorry you will leave my father so.
I am sorry to find you.
I am sorry to give breathing to my purpose, dear Charmian.
I am sorry to hear this.
Sorry.
I am sped.
I am strong.
I am stuffed, cousin.
I am sure he had more hair from his tail than I had from my face when I saw him last week.
I am sure he is in the fleet.
I am sure I am not so.
I am sure no one has any dispute with me.
I am sure that is true.
I am sure the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold.
I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.
I am sure you both remember me.
I am sure you know him well enough.
I am sure, sweet Kate, that this kindness deserves to be praised.
I am tame, sir.
I am a unhappy subject of these disputes.
I am that merry wanderer of the night.
I am the duke who loved your father.
I am the greatest, able to do least, yet most suspect, as time and place Doth makes against me, of this terrible murder.
I am the king himself.
I am the man.
I am the second son of Sir Rowland, who brings these tidings to this fair assembly.
I am the son of Marcus Cato, ho!
I am the man who is the man.
I am the youngest of those names, for a worse reason.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I am so bold to keep in mind your Grace of what you promised me.
I am your father’s spirit, doomed for a certain term to walk the night and for the day confined to fires, until the crimes I commit in my days of nature are burnt and purged away.
I am tied to my stake, and I must stand the course.
I am to blame for being so waited for.
I am to blame.
I will be praying you do not want to strain my speech to more serious issues than to suspicion.
I am too enpiercèd with his shaft to soar with his light feathers, and so bound, I cannot get a pitch above dull woes.
I am transformed, master, I am not?
I am not a good citizen.
I am very reliable, even to the least sinister usage.
I am very pleased with it.
I am very pleased to see you, signior.
I am very happy to see you.
I am very ill at ease, and I am not able to do anything for mine.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thought to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act in.
I am very sorry that you are not well.
I am sorry about you.
I am young, but something you may deserve from him through me.
I am your host.
I am your neighbor and was the first person to be a suitor.
I am your own for ever.
I am your spaniel.
If you marry me, I will be your wife.
I am.
I and my bosom must debate for awhile, and then I would not have a company.
I will earn our chronicle with my sword.
I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the better man.
I will answer you?
I arrest you of high treason, by the name of Henry, Lord Scroop of Masham.
I arrest you of high treason, by the name of Richard, Earl of Cambridge.
I arrest you of high treason, by the name of Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland.
I assure my good liege, I hold my duty as I hold my soul, both to my God and to my gracious king.
I assure you, Carthage.
I am very proud of them.
I can't get him to do it.
I do not have hatred, blessed man, because my intercession is my foe.
I am asking for justice, which you, Prince, must give.
I believe drink gave you the lie last night.
I believe we must leave the killing out when everything is done.
I beg you, youth, to put no sin on my head by asking me to fury.
I beg you to pardon me, my lord, if I am mistaken.
I am so glad you have done this courteous job, to know what my offense to him is.
I will bet you, follow straight.
I am going to you, sir.
I beg you, sir, to pardon me.
I ask you, what is he?
I am glad you are here.
I beg you to be apologied.
I did not tailor it to my needs.
I love you, prize, honor you.
I bleed, sir, but not killed.
I have no overture of war, no taxation of homage.
I bring you a tidbit of the Prince’s ill-fated king.
I believe it partly, because I am fresh of spirit and determined to face all the dangers very constantly.
I should wear it myself.
I call you the most modest, because I am one of those gentle people who will use the devil himself with courtesy.
I do not call you.
I call them forth to credit her.
I called you “vain flourish of my fortune.” I called you then poor shadow, “painted queen,” The presentation of what I was, The flattering index of a terrible pageant, one heaved a-
I came from Corinth, my gracious lord.
I came to you to tell you, and, as she has been too long a talk about, she is disloyal.
I can be hanged as well as tell the way I do it.
I can be patient.
I can no longer behold.
I can barely bet I would be tempted to throw things at him.
I can keep a good counsel, ride, run, tell a curious tale and deliver a clear message.
I can not live by thinking.
I can’t do more.
I can’t do more.
I can read.
I can say little more than I have studied, and that is my part.
I can see a church by daylight.
I can see yet without spectacles, and I can see no matter what.
I can stand enough, and I can speak enough.
I can stay with Regan, I and my hundred knights.
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I will be sworn.
I can tell you where that saying was born, of “I fear no colors.” Where, good Mistress Mary?
I can tell you what you would do.
I can tell you that it will help you to wear your shoes.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you sought him.
I can tell you, the duke is a prave man.
I can write like my niece, but on a forgotten matter, we can barely make distinction between our hands.
I can, at any moment of the night, tell her to look out at her lady’s window.
I can, Petruchio, help you to a wife with enough wealth and young and beauteous, born as best as possible.
I cannot be a man with wishes, therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
I cannot be so answer.
I cannot be so partial to the love I bear you, Goneril.
I cannot believe that in her.
I cannot offer you a chance to bid my daughter live, but I pray you both, and show the people in Messina how innocent she died.
I cannot blame her.
I cannot blame you for a serious injury, because it would vex a saint, much more a shrew of your unpatient humor.
I can only remember what I thought was the most precious thing.
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus' love.
I cannot find it.
I cannot fly, but bearlike, I must fight the course.
I cannot go further.
I cannot go to the right place, man, nor is it not very well.
I cannot hear of any person who saw her.
I cannot hide what I am.
I cannot hope Caesar and Antony will greet together.
I cannot live out of her company.
I cannot live to hear the news from England.
I cannot love him.
I cannot make you what amends I would do, and therefore accept such kindness as I can.
I cannot say “whore,” but it is a shame that I am speaking the word.
I cannot speak any beginning to this petty odds, and would in action be glorious.
I cannot speak enough of this content.
I cannot speak of this.
I cannot speak to her, but she urged her to speak at a conference.
I cannot speak your England.
I cannot tell you that is dat.
I cannot tell you what you think of this life and what you think of it.
I cannot tell you, except they are busied about a counterfeit assurance.
I cannot tell you, I think not.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot think of it.
I cannot think my sister would fail her obligation.
I cannot think you are my son.
I cannot wish the fault was remanded, the issue of it being so responsible.
I do not care for good life.
I would not care for my spirits, if my legs were not weary.
I do not care if I have.
I do not care.
I charge you for that, as you are my child.
I am more grieved than I am.
I do not punish you, and do not punish you.
I charge you, speak!
I will not charge you, but I will not.
If you are a good pillar, you will be able to make judgment.
I charge you, as you hope to have redemption, by Christ’s dear blood shed for our grievous sins, that you depart and lay no hands on me.
I charge you, I will get you home.
I charge you, go with me.
I choose her for myself.
I chose her when I couldn’t ask my father for his advice, nor thought I had one.
I come to him, but I try to try with him the strength of my youth.
I do not come to you, friends, to steal your hearts.
I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I come to you to the senate house.
I come to you for a charitable license, so that we can wander through this bloody field to book our dead and then to bury them
I commanded that the sleeves should be cut out and sewed again, and that I will prove upon you, though your little finger is armed in a thimble.
I thank you for your service.
I will thank you for your pains, and every one will share i' t's gains.
I confess that it is my shame to be so fond, but it is not my virtue to amend it.
I confess the cape.
I confess two sleeves.
I am a saint of heaven.
I am a conjurer of what you profess, how you come to know it, and tell you that.
I could be sad.
I would be as moved as you.
I could do more to do Antonius good, but he wouldn’t offend him, and he would be punished if my performance perished.
I could find in my heart to beat him—but that poor monster is in drink.
I could interpret between you and your love, if I could see the puppets dallying.
I would have a joke as true as that if I had a joke with my mistress.
I could marry this wench for this device.
I could munch your good dry oats.
I would never have better steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly steadfastly.
I couldn’t find him at the Elephant.
I could not for my heart deny it.
I could not forget you, because I never saw you before in my life.
I couldn’t stay behind you.
I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in to make all the splits happen.
I could say she was worse.
I could tell you more.
I could not be sure.
I would have liked to have a good friend to invent some other style of entertainment.
I want the law, the penalty, and the forfeiture of my bond.
I want to be a god of mercy.
I cross me for a sinner.
I cry for mercy, because I thought you had called me all these bitter names.
I cry you mercy, then, I took you for that spooky whore of Venice that married with Othello.
I cry you mercy, uncle.
I cry you mercy.
I cry your worships' mercy, heartily.
I do not want to stay.
I want to assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
I am sure you are two, and you will not be able to get a meal.
I will do it, sir.
I would not be sworn for him if he didn’t leave it, nor do he steal it from his finger for the wealth that the world masters.
I do not want to be damned.
I will draw as soon as another man sees occasion in a good dispute and the law on my side.
I do not want to lay any money on the table.
I do not want to answer his question.
I do not want to confess that I would not be able to compare with him in excellence, but to know a man well, I would have to know himself.
I do not drink yet, madam.
I do not want to be taken.
I do not want to, sir.
I do not want him to be able to do so to feel my affection for you and to no other pretense of danger.
I am going to say you love him, and you love him, so you can tell him how you speak it to others.
I swear he is no hypocrite, but he prays from his heart.
I swear that this is the right Vincentio.
I do not want to kill you for a villain.
I am not a lecher.
I am a fan of masques and sometimes revels in them.
I denied you that.
I do not say it.
I do not want to be more pleased than to be under sail tonight.
I want you to be more familiar, good Master Mustardseed.
I did enact Julius Caesar.
I heard him groan, Ay, and that tongue of his that bade the Romans Mark him and write his speeches in their books — “Alas,” it cried, “give me some drink, Tit
I heard the horse screaming.
I did her wrong, canst she tell how an oyster makes his shell?
I love you once.
I never knew a voice issue from a heart so empty.
I did not give the lie.
I did not kill your husband.
I have not seen him since.
I did not see you since you sent me home to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I did not think he had been familiar with her.
I did not think to draw my sword against Pompey, because he laid strange courtesies and great of late upon me.
I did not think you could have been so angry.
I did not think I had met you here.
I did not lock you up, husband, gentlemen.
I did not.
I did nothing.
When I first raised the tempest, I said so.
I sent you gold for my legions, which you denied me.
I sent you a ring in chase after the last enchantment you had here.
I did so and take heed on it, make it a darling like your precious eye.
I did so, and went further, which is now our point of second meeting.
I think it was formed by the excellent constitution of your leg.
I did not know him.
I did, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
I am not going to arrest you, sir.
I assure you, father, that it is.
I assure you that it is not against my will.
I do not think it is a complete addition, nor my wish, to have him see me womaned.
I begin to have bloody thoughts.
I think he was.
I believe it, and I ask you to be apologied.
I believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are heaped on Caesar.
If you bear me hard, you will be able to do so.
I beg you that are of a suppler joint, follow them swiftly and hinder them from what this ecstasy may now provoke them.
I am very happy to help you understand my purpose.
I ask you to do so, and I will ask you to do so.
I am sure you have patience.
I do not want you to worry anymore.
I do not want to be a fool, I will not.
I am very happy with you.
I beg you to pardon me, who, in the service of my God, awaited my visitation of my friends.
I beg you to be a god to pardon me, and I will be able to be a god to be a god.
I am so thankful for your Grace, let me know my fault.
If you are a woman, I will call her back.
I bite my thumb, sir.
I am a little adolescent, to be my henchman.
I do, but keep the peace.
I do, but stay until your marriage is over, and then go to Aragon.
I confess my fault and submit me to Your Highness' mercy.
I agree with him.
I do not defy your commination and apprehend you for a felon here.
I do not want it with my heart, and I hope it is not a dishonest desire to be a woman of the world.
I do not want to do more.
I do not want to be better strangers.
I accept your offer and dispose for the poor Claudio.
I am not a man, except I alone, until Antony has spoken.
I am a man of grace.
I fear the people will choose Caesar for their king.
I hear the morning lark.
I know what I am doing and fear that mine eye is too flattering for me.
I know him by his name.
I know when the blood burns, how prodigal the soul is when the tongue vows.
I do not have a part of that quick spirit that is in Antony.
I love it better than laughing.
I love nothing in the world so well as you.
I do not use it.
I do not bid the thunder-bearer shoot, nor tell tales of you to judge Jove.
I do not want to call you.
I do not want to ask him for me, and yet I decide to fight lustrously for him.
I do not find that you deal justly with me.
I do not know dat.
I do not know one of my sex, no woman’s face remembers—except mine.
I do not know what is “poetical”.
I do not know you as well as myself.
I do not know what I should think.
I do not know.
I do not like her name.
I do not like the office.
I do not like the Tower, of any place.
I do not like your look, I promise you.
I do not like your faults.
I do not fool myself, to let imagination jade me, for every reason I think, that my lady loves me.
I do not see them bleed.
I do not set my life in a pin’s fee for my soul—what can it do to that, Being a thing immortal as itself?
I do not think it.
I do not think it is good.
I do not think so.
I do not think there is any woman like this.
I do not think you can, because you were not three years old.
I do not understand.
I do not know, my lord.
I do not understand that.
I do not, sir.
I do not, until you practice them on me.
I let go of my opinion, and hold it down. This is not a fish, but a islander who has suffered lately from a thunderbolt.
I obey you till I give you bail.
I remember in this shepherd boy some lively touches of my daughter’s favor.
I remember me, Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond should be king when Richmond was a little peeveish boy.
I remember it now.
I remember where I should be, and I am here.
I remember.
I apologize for the way I put it to you.
I do not regret the tedious minutes I have spent with her.
I will require them from you, so that you can use them as we will find their merits and our safety may be equally determined.
I do serve you in this business.
I do so, I confess.
I suffer love, because I love you against my will.
I suspect I have done some offense that seems disgraceful in the city’s eyes, and that you come to reprehend my ignorance.
I do the wrong thing, and begin to scream.
I think there is a stifle in death, which commits some loving act upon her.
I wander everywhere Swifter than the moon’s sphere.
I do, this is a shameful thing.
I do, and it is a sleepy language, and you speak out from your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I swear you are honest.
I do.
I do.
I doubt it is only the main thing: his father’s death and our o'erhasty marriage.
I doubt it, sir, but you will curse your wooing.
I doubt not, but his friends will come to us.
I doubt not about his temperance.
I doubt not your wisdom.
I doubt that, since we are well-persuaded, we do not carry a heart with us from which we do not have a heart that grows in a fair consent with ours, and we do not leave one behind
I doubt some danger is approaching you.
I doubt some foul play.
I dreamed of a dream tonight.
I dreamed of the three weird sisters last night: they have shown some truth to you.
I dreamed of a emperor Antony.
I dreamed tonight that I feasted with Caesar, and things are causing my fantasy.
I had to do some of them.
I drink to you.
I am drunk!
I have denied that before you were so choleric.
I do not want to do it.
I am begging my lord to say she is honest, and I will lay down my soul at stake.
I eat the air, promise-crammed.
I embrace it.
I fear choleric.
I fear he will prove the weeping philosopher when he grows old, he is so sad in his youth.
I fear he will.
I fear I will wrong the men who have stabbed Caesar.
I fear it is too choleric a meat.
I fear it, I promise you.
I fear both are false.
I fear you will be here until then.
I fear my Thisbe’s promise is forgotten!
I fear no uncles are dead.
I fear you will not.
I fear you will again come for a ransom.
I fear you have sold your own lands to see other men’s.
I have no idea what you are doing.
I feared he would do it, but he would do it.
I feel this pinprick.
I fight against you?
I find that Don Pedro has given a lot of honor to a young Florentine called Claudio.
I find it still when I have left to sleep.
I am not a sleeper.
I find you passing gentle.
I fly, Biondello.
I follow him to serve my turn on him.
I forget, but these sweet thoughts make me feel the most busy when I do it.
I forgive you for the praise.
I found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress.
I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren.
I found him under a tree like a sprained acorn.
I found it in my room, and he confessed to it, but now he dropped it for a special purpose which he wanted to do.
I found it in my closet.
I found Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
I found you as a morsel cold upon Dead Caesar’s trencher.
I am a smuggler and snort and I am a rich jewel.
I fown upon him, but he loves me still.
I gave him no order.
I gave him the stuff.
I gave my love a ring and made him swear never to do so.
I gave you mine before you asked for it, and yet I would give it again.
I gave you all— and in good time you gave it.
I give myself for you and dote upon the exchange.
I give him curses, but he gives me love.
I give it to you.
I give them this ring, which you can give away when you lose or lose it, and let it presage the ruin of your love.
I go to take my stand to see him pass on to the Capitol.
I go, I go.
I go, my lord.
I go, my lord.
I go, sir, but I would not have you to think that my desire to have is the sin of covetousness.
I go to three or four o'clock and look for the news that the Guildhall offers.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I give him bloody, vile, false, deceitful, smacking of every sin that has a name.
I grant I am a woman, but withal A woman that Lord Brutus took to wife.
I am a woman, but I am a woman well-reputed Cato’s daughter.
I grant it has not appeared, and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment.
If you frightened the ladies out of their wits, they would have no choice but to hang us.
I grant you.
I will greet you with no regret, but with a baffling acceptance.
I guess that is true.
I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the slapped motion that is so mortal that it is inevitable.
I had a Richard, and you killed him
I had a son, now outlawed from my blood.
I had a wound that was like a “T” but now it is made an “H”. They retire.
I had as lief be a Brownist as a politician.
I had to be wooed of a snail.
I had a reed that would do me no service as a partisan I could not heave.
I had my mistress a jade.
I had as a lief he broke his neck as his finger.
I had been happy if the general camp, Pioneers and all, had tasted her sweet body, so I had nothing known.
I was perfect, whole as the marble, founded as the rock, as broad and general as the air.
I had forgotten the reward.
I had forgotten three months.
I had it of him.
I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor.
I had the most need of blessing, and “Amen” suck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet in my purse, which was the model of that Danish seal.
I had myself notice of my brother’s purpose herein and have underhand a lot of work done to dissuade him from it.
I had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace, and it is better for me to be disdained than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any other.
I had rather be a country servant-maid than a great queen with this condition, to be so baited, scorned and stormed.
I had rather be a dog and a moon than a Roman.
I had rather been a peddler.
I had rather be a toad and live on the vapor of a dungeon than keep a corner in the thing I love for others' uses.
I had rather be a fool than a fool.
I had rather be married to a death’s head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these.
I had rather broken my own.
I had a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad.
I had a handful or two of dried peas.
I had rather had my horse to my mistress.
I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should be a crime to Michael Cassio.
I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me.
I had rather than forty pounds at home.
I had rather to adopt a child than get it. Come on, Moor.
I thought it had been poor, but since my lord is Antony again, I will be Cleopatra.
I hate a drunken rogue.
I hate ingratitude more in a man than lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, or any taint of vice whose strong corruption infects our frail blood — O heaven
I hate it as a void.
I hate the Moor, and it is thought abroad that he has done my office.
I hate the word, as I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I haven’t seen it in my nose.
I haven’t.
I have a beard coming.
I have a daughter who, in her obedience, gave me this.
I have a daughter called Katherina.
I have a daughter.
I have a device to make everything work.
I have a file of all the gentry.
I have a good eye, uncle.
I have a head that will find logs, and never bother Peter for the matter.
I have a health for you.
I will be on a journey soon, sir.
I have a letter that I guess is from a neutral heart, and not from one opposed.
I am going to strike you.
I have a pain on my forehead, here.
I have a good ear in music.
I have a salt and sorry rheum offences me.
I have a ship with gold.
I have a soul of lead, so I cannot move.
I have a suit for you.
I have something for you.
I have a fairy that will seek the squirrel’s hoard and fetch you new nuts.
I have a widow aunt, a dowager of great revenue, and she has no child.
I have a wife, whom I protest that I love.
I have almost forgotten the taste of fears.
I have been slipping the hour.
I have already.
I have a sigh of sleep come upon me.
I have an humor to knock you indifferently.
I am interested in your heart's proceeding.
I have as much of my father in me as you, albeit, I confess, your coming before me is closer to his reverence.
I have as much of this in art as you, but my nature could not bear it.
I have been dear to him, a little more than two thousand strong.
I have been talking with a suitor here, a man who slams you.
I have been to seek you.
I have been told so many times.
I have been awake all night.
I have been with your father and gave him notice that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan his duchess will be here with him this night.
I have been worth the whistle.
I have been your tenant and your father’s tenant for four years.
I have broken with her father and he has been good enough.
I have brought him a present.
I have brought you from Venice.
I have seen the articles with a cursitory eye.
I have told you not to haunt me about my doors.
I have fooled you even by your eyes.
I have done ill, and I accuse myself so much that I will not rejoice.
I have done my duty.
I have done my work ill, friends.
I have done nothing wrong.
I have done nothing more to Caesar than you will do to Brutus.
I have done the job.
I have done it.
I have done it.
I have drunk only one cup tonight, and that was craftily qualified too.
I have drunk poison while he said it.
I have never held my cap to your fortunes.
I have fair meanings, sir.
I have fled myself and instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders.
I forgot why I called you back.
I forgot your name, but I was sure that the part was properly fitted and naturally performed.
I have been sworn in with his bed and his company.
I have a whole cause of weeping, but this heart will break into a hundred thousand flaws, or ere I will weep.
I am very pleased with this fellow.
I have had four disputes, and like to have fought one.
I have heard her swear 'no'.
I have heard him read many lectures against it, and I thank God I am not a woman, to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he has taxed their whole sex withal.
I have heard it over, and it is nothing, nothing in the world, unless you can find sport in their intents, extremely stretched and conned with cru 'l pain to do you service.
I have heard it said so.
I have heard more since.
I have heard my father name him.
I have heard of some men who put conflicting thoughts on others, to taste their valor.
I have heard of your paintings too, well enough.
I have heard that Julius Caesar eats fat with feasting there.
I have heard too much, and your words and performances are no kin together.
I have heard where many of the best respect in Rome, except immortal Caesar, speaking of Brutus and groaning under this age’s yoke, have wished that noble Brutus had his eyes
I have heard your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify for his rigorous course.
I have a lot of slews in me.
I have it here about me.
I have it not about me.
I have it ready for you.
I have it, and it is soundly.
I have it, Tranio!
I have known when he would have walked ten miles afoot to see a good armor, and now he will lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet.
I have known when he had no music with him but the drum and the fife, and now he would rather hear the tabor and the pipe.
I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed.
I have led you oft
I have slapped her, but she is doing it, and Jove is making me thankful.
I have lived long enough.
I have locked the letter in my closet.
I have been looking at the world for four times seven years, and since I could distinguish between a benefit and a injury, I never found a man who knew how to love himself.
I have made it for you.
I have made no fault.
I have made a strong proof of my constantity, giving myself a wound here in the thigh.
I have many enemies in Orsino’s court, and I would be very soon to see you there.
I have marked a thousand blushing apparitions to start into her face, a thousand innocent shames in angel whiteness beat those blushes away, and in her eye there has been a fire to burn the errors that
I have more to stay than I will.
I have more reason.
I have much to do but to hang my head all over one side and sing it like poor Barbary.
I have decided to take a course that has no need of you.
I have neither the scholar’s melancholy, which is emulation, nor the musician’s fantastical, nor the courtier’s, which is proud, nor the soldier’s ambition, nor the lawyer’
I have no ambition to see a better man.
I have no reason to do it, but I have reason enough.
I have no food for you.
I have no devotion to the act and yet he has given me satisfying reasons.
I have no hope that he is unowned.
I have no long spoon.
I have no more sons of the royal blood for you to slaughter.
I have no power on you.
I have no way, and therefore I do not want eyes.
I have no desire to wander out of doors, but something leads me forth.
I have no words.
I have none.
I have not escaped drowning to be afealed by your four legs.
I have not had art to reckon with my groans, but I love you best, oh, the best, and I believe it.
I have not breathed since I saw it.
I have not been there for a while.
I have not heard the clock.
I have not seen him this two days.
I have not seen a firago.
I have not seen it well.
I have nothing to do with you.
I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet.
I have o'ershot myself to tell you about it.
I have a reputation that is a swerving.
I have seen a very faint neglect of my part of my life, which I blame more for my jealous curiosity than for my purpose of unkindness.
I have performed your pleasure and my promise.
I have been given your grace of what I wanted, and by our holy Sabbath I have sworn to have the due and forfeit my bond.
I have professed me a friend, and confess I knit to your deserving with cables of a stifled toughness.
I have promised to make all this even more difficult.
I have received a hurt.
I have said that.
I have said that.
I have said that.
I have seen her die twenty times after a much poorer moment.
I have nothing seen.
I have seen you fight when I have envied your behavior.
I have seen you both.
I have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or twice.
I have sent him after him.
I have sent strawberries for them.
I have sent Cassio a message to you.
I have sent twenty out to seek for you.
I have slept already, my lord.
I have so often blushed to acknowledge him that now I am a bit irritated.
I have some business.
I have spoken so much to mitigate the justice of your plea, which, if you follow, this strict court of Venice must give a sentence 'gainst the merchant there.
God knows, I have been in pain and in agony for you.
I have them ready.
I have been informed of them this evening from my sister, and with such cautions that if they come to my house I will not be there.
I told him that Lepidus was too cruel, that he was abused and deserve his change.
I have told you of times, and I tell you again, I hate the Moor.
I have too much to grieve for a long leave.
I have two nights watched with you, but I can not see any truth in your report.
I have re-anned three tailors.
I have used it since you made your daughters a mother.
I have used you as a child, and have lodged you in my cell till you have tried to violate the honor of my child.
I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking.
I have watched ere all night for lesser cause, and ne'er been sick.
I have a good opinion, sir.
I have a thousand tricks of these jacks that I will practice.
I have forty-huit years on my back.
I have yet to have room for six scotches more.
I am, my lord.
I have, since I was three, conversed with a magician, most profound in his art and yet not damnable.
I am, when you have heard what I can say.
I have.
I hear a knock knocking at the south entrance.
I hear a tongue, shriller than all the music, cry “Caesar!”—Speak.
I hear him mock the luck of Caesar, which the gods give men to excuse their wrath.
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I hear it by the way, but I will send it.
I hear it now above me.
I hear my father coming.
I am not.
I hear some noise inside.
I hear some noise.
I hear the minstrels play.
I hear the news, my lord.
I hear the strain of strutting chanticleer Cry “Cock-a-diddle-dow.” Where should this music be?
I hear their drum.
I hear you must, and nothing can do it. On Thursday next week, we will be married to this county.
I heard him say, Brutus and Cassius are riddled like madmen through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear his affection.
I did not hear it.
I heard myself proclaiming, and by the happy hollow of a tree, I escaped the hunt.
I have nothing heard.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
I heard you say that even now, you are not saying that when Cassio left my wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
I give you that with all my heart, but you have already done, with all my heart I would keep from you.
I take my oath before this honorable assembly, she kicked the poor king her father.
I hid me under the mooncalf’s gaberdine for fear of the storm.
I am not a brother.
I have your dreadful dread, sir, and you are welcome.
I hope better.
I hope he is in love.
I hope he is growing since I saw him last year.
I hope he is, but let mothers doubt.
I hope my noble lord will be honest.
I hope you are not drowned.
I hope she will be brief.
I hope so, Lepidus.
I hope so.
I hope the king made peace with us all
I hope they will not come upon us now.
I hope this passion for humor will change.
I hope this is my excuse.
I hope you are not mad.
I hope that we have reformed that indifferently with us, sir.
I hope you do not want to cheat me.
I hope you will consider what is spoken from my love.
I hope your Majesty is able to give me testimony and witness, and will be able to say that this is the glove of Alençon that your Majesty is giving me, in your conscience now.
I hope that for my brother’s reason, he wrote this but as a taste of my virtue.
I hope that no place is so unsanctified that you may find him.
I hoped there was no need to bother himself with any of these thoughts.
I am a skeptic and would like to look at him.
I am humbly asking you to proceed to your affairs of state.
I am sorry for you for too much love.
I take my leave with humour.
I thank you for not.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your kind words.
Thank you for your kind words.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and from heartstrings I love the bully.
I knew a wench married in a garden after she went to get parsley to stuff a rabbit, and you will be happy, sir.
I knew that would be your answer.
I knew what you would do.
I knew you at the first time.
I knew your father.
I know it, my sister’s sister.
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip.
I know a wench of excellent discourse, pretty and witty, wild and yet, too, gentle.
I know that there are some good news.
I know he loves me well.
I know he would not be a wolf, but he sees the Romans as sheep.
I know her answer.
I know her by her name.
I know her father, though I know her not, and he knew my deceasèd father well.
I know him.
I know him as a valiant.
I know him well.
I know him
I know his eye is a tribute to other people, or else he would be here.
I know his gait, he is.
I know his heart.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I know his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I cannot please you.
I know what she is going through, and it is not impossible for me, if it is not inconvenient to you, to see her tomorrow, as human as she is, and without any danger.
I know it by their pale and deadly looks.
I know it is the moon.
I know that the sun shines so brightly.
I know it is not good for us.
I know it well, sir.
I know my hour is coming.
I know my lady will strike him.
I know my physicist will work with him.
I know my remedy.
I have no answer.
I have no news, my lord.
I do not know what to do, my lord.
I know no way to mince it in love, but to say, “I love you.” If you tell me, I will wear my suit.
I know who is in the case, but he is in a suit of buff who rested him.
I know not by what power I am made bold nor how it may affect my modesty in such a presence here to plead my thoughts, but I beg you to know that I will know the worst that may be possible in this
I know not how to pray for your patience, but I must speak.
I know if it is true, but I will do so as if I was for sure.
I know that, when he knows what I know.
I know what was not, but I am distracted.
I don’t know what to say.
I know not what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell down.
I know he is not where he is, and for me to devise a lodging and say he is here, or he is there, I would lie in my own throat.
I know which is which.
I don’t know why he comes.
I do not know what you want, gentlemen, who else must be let blood, who else is rank.
I know it, lady.
I know it, madam.
I do not know how lesser enmities may give way to greater.
I do not know what I am saying.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I know our country well.
I know she is a scold.
I know that you are a virtue, Brutus, as well as I know your favor.
I know that voice.
I know that we will have him to be a friend.
I know that, but I will have you here again.
I know the boy will be able to give a gentlewoman the grace, voice, and a gentlewoman.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the good king and queen have sent you for you.
I know the hand.
I know the man.
I know you not.
I know you well enough.
I know you well, a villain who is so ill-equipped to the vices of your mistress as badness would desire.
I know you well.
I know you well.
I know you, Roderigo.
I know they are in Rome together looking for Antony.
I know that is a joy to you, but it is not.
I know this, and I challenge it.
I know you cannot choose.
I know you will say “ay,” and I will take your word.
I know your constellation is right for this affair.
I know your quality.
I know what reason I have to think about it: If you are not happy, I would divorce me from your mother’s tomb, supulchring an adultress.
I know when one is dead and when one lives.
I know where I will wear this dagger.
I know you are my eldest brother, and you should know me in the gentle condition of blood.
I know you are not truant.
I know you are not ignorant, I would, sir.
I know you are of her bosom.
I know you by the slur of your head.
I know you could not have been without this thought, I am certain that you would not have had to be a part of this thought, and I, your partner in the cause he fought, could not have been able to
I know you are not.
I know you of old.
I know you what you are, and like a sister I am very sorry to call your faults as they are named.
I know you.
I know young bloods are looking for a time of rest.
I know you well, though you have no sea-cap on your head. Take him away.
I know, sir, I am not flattering.
I know, I know, “no house, no wife, no mistress.” So that my errand, due to my tongue, I thank him, I bare home on my shoulders, because he beat me there
I lay with Cassio lately, and was struggling with a tooth that shook my head.
I learned it in England where they are most potent in potting.
I leave an arrant knave with your Worship, which I ask you to correct yourself, for example.
I will leave him to your gracious acceptance, whose trial will better publish his praise.
I leave my duty a little unthoughtful and speak out from my injury.
I led them in this distracted fear and left sweet Pyramus translated there.
I left no ring with her.
I do not like him, nor do I stand there to let his madness go.
I like him very well.
I do not like it.
I do not like that.
I would like to see the new tire within the hair, if the hair was a thought browner.
I like the work.
I like you.
I thought you would have followed you.
I long ago that we were safe and sounding aboard.
I long to hear him call the drunkard “husband” and how my men will stay away from laughter when they do homage to this simple farmer.
I want to hear the story of your life, which must take the ear strangely.
I want to know the truth here.
I am so excited to see the prince.
I look down towards his feet, but that is a fable.
I looked at her in the face and saw her lead between her brother and Mark Antony.
I have not looked for you yet, nor am I provided for your welcome.
I love her ten times more than I did.
I love you not, therefore I do not want to pursue me.
I do not love you.
I love you very much, because you are not.
I love to cope with him in these slacks, because then he is full of matter.
I love you the better
I love you with so much of my heart that none of you will be left to protest.
I love your majesty, neither more, nor less.
I loved him, friend, and no father his son dearer.
I loved Ophelia.
I loved you ever.
I loved you.
I have not made any of these reports.
I use it all, because I use it only.
I do not make it, but I do not make it.
I marry her!
I marvel at Cambio's lack of a good deal.
I marvel at our mild husband not on the way.
I marvel at how close you are to your daughters.
I wonder why I did not answer again.
I marvel at your ladyship in a so barren rascal.
I may command where I love, but silence, like a knife, my heart is a little swollen with bloodless strokes.
I may command where I love.
I will be sorry for that.
I can not breathe my censure.
I will not leave it.
I do not, madam.
I can say “thrusting” it, because piercing steel and darts envenomèd will be as welcome to the ears of Brutus as tidings of this sight.
I can sit in a corner and cry, “Heigh-ho for a husband!” Lady Beatrice, I will get you one.
I mean singing.
I mean not cuckold mad, but sure he is mad.
I mean that my heart to you is knit so that is only one heart we can make of it.
If we are in choler, we will draw.
I mean, in a way.
I mean, my head on your lap?
I mean, she is the list of my voyage.
I mean, sir, for his weapon.
I mean the Lord Protector.
I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
I mean, to go, sir, to enter.
I meant holy thistle.
I am a surgeon to old shoes.
I met her deity cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her.
I met the duke yesterday and had many questions with him.
I met the young lord at Lawrence's cell and gave him what I could do to make him feel like I was a good man, not stepping o'er the limits of modesty.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
I might ask you for your commission, but I take you for my husband, Orlando.
I would call him a divine person, for nothing I saw so noble.
I might do it as well if I were dark.
I would have saved her.
I have to explain why she is in liberty.
I will have Katherine to my wife.
I must find a way to get a ladder, by which your love must climb a bird’s nest soon when it is dark.
I must go to my office, or would have done it myself.
I will be attending Caesar.
I will be at the duke at dinner.
I will be away this night in Padua, and it is the same as I am currently going to do.
I must be circumned.
I must be cruel to be kind.
I must be gone.
I must be gone.
I must be idle.
I must be laughed at if or for nothing or a little, I should say myself offended, and with you, i will be laughing at more, that I should once name you afraidly, when to
I must be one of those dumb wise men, because Gratiano never lets me speak.
I must believe my master, and I promise you that I should still be arguing over that doubt.
I will catechise you for it, madonna.
I must confess that your offer is the best, and let your father give her the assurance that she is yours.
I will discontinue your company.
I have to eat my dinner.
I must accept you.
I must employ you in some way to fight our sins and talk with you about something that matters to you.
I must fetch his necessaries ashore.
I will go in.
I must go to the store for some dewdrops and hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear.
I will go with you to Belmont.
I must have liberty withal, as large as the wind, to blow on whom I will, for so fools have.
I have to wait.
I must leave them and seek some better service.
I will leave you.
I must love you and sue you to know you better.
I need him, madam, with my letter.
I must report the truth.
I must tell you everything.
I cannot say no.
I must obey.
I must once in a month tell you what you have been, which you forget.
I must have shown you a day such a decline, or look on your feet.
I must be a force.
I must remove some thousand of these logs and pile them up, Upon a sore injunction.
I must stay with the lackeys with the luggage of our camp.
I must take out the work.
I will talk a word with you.
I will tell you that.
I must go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I am beautiful about the face.
I must be ready from here.
I must, she will be on the street and ride in the other way.
I could make a chough of it as deep chat.
I heard the king say he would not be ransom.
I myself.
I have never seen this before.
I will not be ashamed of your Majesty, praised be God, so long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I do not know it, nor can I learn about him.
I never see him, but I am heartburned an hour after.
I never denied it.
I never did her any, to my knowledge.
I never liked the view of molestation on the enchafèd flood.
I never felt it until now—two thousand ducats in that, and other precious, precious jewels.
I never gave him any.
I never gave him cause.
I never gave him token.
I never got him.
I never hated you.
I never heard a passion so confused, so strange, outrageous, and so variable, as the dog Jew did in the streets.
I never heard so much of a discord, such sweet thunder.
I will never hurt you.
I never knew that woman love man.
I never looked for better at his hands after he fell in with Mistress Shore.
I will never believe these antique fables or these fairy toys.
I never saw a better-fashioned gown, more quaint, more pleasing, or more lobbied.
I never saw a woman, but only Sycorax my dam and she.
I never saw an action of such shame.
I never saw her until this time.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the chain, so please help me heaven, and this is false you burden me withal.
I have never seen you in my life until now.
I will never endure her.
I never had a conversation with her in my life.
I never sued to friend, nor enemy
I never thought him worse.
I never was, nor will I be false.
I do not doubt that he came alive to land.
I did not see her, but I looked at her.
I now think it was not your brother’s evil disposition that made him seek his death, but a provoking merit set awork by a reprovable badness in himself.
I have now said to the pursuivant, as too triumphant, how my enemies today at Pomfret were beaten bloodily, and I myself are secure in grace and favor.
I nursed her daughter that you talked with.
I have a lot of money left out of his forfeiture.
I often came to the place where I heard of her, but she is not found.
I gave my body for his wealth, which was not for him that had ring ring broken.
I take my leave again.
I once writ a sonnet in his praise and began so: “Wonder of nature—” I have heard a sonnet begin so to one’s mistress.
I am one, my lord.
I speak just on.
I have heard him and his practices.
I have a lot of a responsibility for you, and like a young man, I have lost everything I do.
I will not be able to do anything until I receive the chain.
I am a man.
I am sorry for that man’s life.
I feel you partly.
I guess that is because I have loved it now.
I know the man.
I passed the melancholy flood, with that sour ferryman, which poets write about, to the kingdom of perpetual night.
I will give you a reply.
I see these lords at this encounter so much admire that they devour their reason and scarce think Their eyes do offices of truth, their words are natural breath.
I am a scurvy, lousy knave, and I want you to eat, look you, this leek.
I pitted you, took pains to make you speak, taught you one thing or another each hour.
I am sorry you are complaining.
I regret you.
I pray God he is not.
I pray now, keep below.
I pray the gods she will, with all my heart.
I pray you tell me how you lik’s her.
I pray you, bear my former answer back.
I pray you, stop your counsel, which falls in mine ears as profitless as water in a sieve.
I pray you, do not chide you.
I pray you, do not mock me, fellow student.
I pray you, get us some excellent music, because tomorrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero’s chamber window.
I pray you, give it to me.
I pray you, Horatio, wait on him.
I pray you, good Mercutio, let’s retire.
I pray you, hear me speak.
I pray you, hold your peace.
If it is honest, you will have to buy the cottage, pasture, and the flock.
I pray you, let us go and find him out and quicken his heaviness with some delight or other.
I pray you, mark me.
I pray for you, and I will help them.
I pray you, overname them.
I pray you, peace.
I pray you, Rosalind, sweet my coz, be merry.
I pray you, sing, and let you go.
I pray you, tell me that he is good.
If you have concealed this sight, let it be able to be a secret in your silence.
I pray you all, stand up.
I pray you and beg you that you will.
I pray you bring me on the way a little and tell me if I will see you in the morning.
I pray you call them in.
I pray you do.
I pray you leave me.
I pray you do not have to read my verses ill- favoredly.
I pray you do not have to leave trees with singing love songs in their barks.
I pray you have received them.
I pray you, sir, go forth and give us truth who is coming.
I pray you are a good father to me now.
I pray you tell Benedick about it and hear what he will say.
I pray you tell me your remedy.
I pray you tell me.
I pray you tell your brother how well I counterfeited.
I pray you watch about Signior Leonato’s door, for the wedding being there tomorrow, there is a great coil tonight.
I pray you, choose another subject.
I pray you, and recommend you to Mistress Squash, your mother, and Master Peascod, your father.
I pray you, dissuade him from her.
I pray you, fail me.
I pray you, father, being weak, seem to be weak.
I pray you, give me permission to go from here.
I pray you, give me permission.
I pray you, go along with me.
I pray you, good Bassanio, let me know it.
I pray you, have a continent forbearance until the speed of his rage goes slower.
I pray you, hear her speak.
I pray you, husband, be not so upset.
I pray you, is my master yet returned?
I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner.
I pray you, keep it in.
I pray you, know me when we meet again.
I pray you, leave me.
I pray you, let it stand.
I pray you, let me look at the bond.
I pray you, let me see it.
I pray you, let me not be your dishonors, but my own safeties.
I pray you, look at her.
I pray you tell me, master, how much you want to do.
I pray you, one of you asks if he will give us any food.
I pray you, pardon me.
I pray you, pass with your best violence.
I pray you, remember the porter.
I pray you, rise.
I pray you, see him presently discharged, because he is bound to sea and stays only for it.
I pray you, sir, dispatch.
I pray you hold your hand, sir.
I pray you, sir, my ring or the chain.
I pray you, sir, take patience.
I pray you, sir, what is he doing?
I pray you lie in my tent and sleep.
I pray you, do not speak.
Tell me it.
I pray you, tell my lord and father, madam, I will not marry yet.
I pray you, in love and dear alliance, that one article rank with the rest, and then give me your daughter.
I pray you, turn the key and keep our counsel.
I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger.
I pray you, what is he?
I pray you, what is he going to do with our estate?
I pray you, will you take him by the arm?
I pray you.
I pray that you can read?
I pray, sir, tell me, is it possible that love will suddenly take such a hold?
I pray, weep not.
I will let you have it.
Let me hear it.
I will name the time, but let it not take three days.
I will be a king, the king and all our other company being drowned.
I will tell you what I will do to my lady.
I speak to you as to your thoughts, as you do not ruminate and give your worst of thoughts The worst of words.
I take the cork out of your mouth, so I can drink your tidings.
I will pay you a little more than I am.
I will be gone.
I run to the senate house.
I prithee, call him back.
I do, I do.
I prithee, foolish Greek, from me.
I prithee, good Grumio, tell me, how goes the world?
I prithee, hear me speak.
I prithee, let your wife attend on her, and bring them after in the best way possible.
I prithee, peace.
Isn’t that the guy who told you this?
I am a pretty young man, let me be better acquainted with you.
I prithee, put them off.
I will be a little more honest about some of them.
I prithee, remember I have done you worthy service, told you no lies, made you useless, served without or grudge or grumblings.
If you can buy a lot of entertainment in this desert place, bring us where we can rest and feed.
I will stay by your lord.
I prithee, tell me who is it, and speak calmly.
I prithee, turn aside and weep for her.
I prithee, vent thy fright somewhere else.
Isn’t he a tad he?
Is that the right person?
I promise you that I do not know myself.
I promise you have made my eyes water ere now.
I promise you, my soul is very jocund in the remembrance of a dream so fair.
I protest that I love you.
I protest that I take these wise men who crow so much at these set kind of fools no better than the fools' zanies.
I will tell you what I am doing.
I protest in the sincerity of love and kindness.
I put it in the pocket of my gown.
I prefer to wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you, than I will wrong such honorable men.
I will rather be subjected to the malice of a bloody brother and a bloody brother.
I sat with a Frenchman yesterday, who told me that in the narrow seas that part of the French and English, there was a vessel of our country richly fraught.
I remember a mass of things, but nothing distinctly.
I remember him well, and I remember him worthy of your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar put it on.
I remember the story.
I remember your eyes well enough.
When I was in love, I broke my sword upon a stone and asked him to take it for a night to Jane Smile.
I remember you supplant your brother Prospero.
I remember.
I remember.
I repent so much that I harried him.
I am very close to you.
I have re-interred a new body, and on it I have poured more tears than from it.
I robbed his wound of it.
I said so, dear Katherine, and I cannot blush to say it.
I said you had a good wit.
I saw i'm in the orchard.
I saw it, thought it was not, it harmed me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio part.
I saw her laid low in her vault and took a post to tell you it.
I saw him not.
I saw him once.
I saw him put down the other day with a fool that
I saw him yesterday”—or “t’s other day,” or then, or then, with such or such—and, as you say, there was a gaming, there o'ertook in’s rous
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown (yet was not a crown, neither was one of these coronets) and, as I told you, he put it by once—but for all that,
I saw no man use you at his pleasure.
I saw Othello’s face in his mind, and to his honors and his valiant parts, I devoted my soul and my fortunes to him.
I saw the Duchess of Milan’s gown that they praise so much.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you late at the Count Orsino’s.
I didn’t see them.
I say “amen.”
I say “your husband”—don’t you know the word?
I say a devil.
I say a husband.
I say again, give out that Anne my queen is sick and likes to die.
I say amen to her.
I say amen, Gonzalo.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.
I say he will go to prison.
I say I love you more than he can do.
I will make him eat some part of my leek, or I will peat his pate four days later.
I say it is the moon that shines so brightly.
I say it is the moon.
My daughter is my flesh and blood.
I say my prayers aloud.
I say she never did this.
I say she will.
I say you have belied mine innocent child.
I say your husband.
I say this house is dark.
I say to you, I have asked your master to cut the gown out, but I did not ask him to cut it down.
I say you are not.
I say, but mark his gesture.
I say, he got this isle by sorcery.
I say, it is not lost.
I say, O Caesar, Antony is dead.
I say, remember.
I say, there is no darkness, a darkness, a ignorance, in which you are more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog.
I say this house is as dark as ignorance, though ignorance was as dark as hell.
I say, we will have no more marriages.
I do not do anything to you.
I see a voice.
I see a woman may be made a fool if she had not a spirit to resist.
I see him rousing himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you are poor.
I see the business.
I see the jewel best enameled will lose his beauty.
I see the ruin of my house.
I see witches afraid of swords.
I see that you have a little bit of a slur.
I see you do not know me.
I see your age and your dangers make you dot.
I see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me.
I see you are all bent to fight against me for your merriment.
I see you do not want to be with her, or you do not like my company.
I see that the gentleman is not in your books.
I see you are eaten up with passion.
I see you are liberal in offers.
I see you have found the goldsmith now.
I sent you for a sad occasion.
I sent you money to be your bail by Dromio, but I think he didn't bring it.
I am as good a man as you.
I serve the king, on whom I was sent to you.
I will serve you, madam.
I set him there, sir, but his own disorders merited less advancement.
I shake you, sir, and cried.
I will answer for her.
I will answer that better to the commonwealth than you can with the rise of the Negro’s belly.
I will be at you in your tent.
I will be forced to call you knave, knight.
I will be a bit bound to you for it.
I will be pinched to death.
I will be reconciled with him again.
I will be saved by my husband.
I will be there before you.
I will break the cause of our expedience to the Queen and get her to take part.
I will deliver it.
I will want you to be more familiar, good Master Cobweb.
I will do something.
I will not.
I will do my friends no wrong, because I have none to lament me
I will do well.
I will not, my lord.
I will ask him to answer like himself.
I will fall.
I will find time, Cassius, I will find time.
I will grow jealous of you in the coming weeks, Launcelot, if you get my wife into corners.
I will have glory by this loss day more than Octavius and Mark Antony will attain by this vile conquest.
I will laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.
I will miss you, but yet you will have freedom.
I will never see my gold again.
I will not look at his like again.
I will not sleep in quiet at the Tower.
I will obey you in all fair commands.
I will obey you.
I will obey, my lord.
I will offend, either to detain or give it to you.
I will remember.
I will return to your Lordship.
I will see you, ere I die, look pale with love.
I will serve you, sir, as much as I can.
I will take it, sir.
I will keep this good lesson to my heart.
I will win at the odds.
I will, King Harry.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will.
I shifted him away and laid good scuses on your ecstasy.
If I had time to do it, I would be angry with you.
I should be wise, because honesty is a fool and loses that it works for.
I should ev'n die with pity to see another so.
I should first tell you how the Prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter.
I would have been a savage man.
I would have chid you for not bringing it, but you begin to scream like a shrew.
I would have given you a call today morning, but as a madman’s epistles are no gospels, it does not know much when they are delivered.
I would have known nothing less.
I should know that voice.
I would not ask Casca what had happened.
I would not urge you to take your duty past your might.
I should sin to think of my grandmother.
I should venture purgatory for it.
I slept the next night well, fed well, was free and merry.
I speak but as I find it.
I speak only brotherly of him, but should I anatomize him to you as he is, I must blush and weep, and you must look pale and wonder.
I speak only in the figures and comparisons of it.
I speak in understanding.
I do not speak a treason.
I speak not as in absolute fear of you.
I am not a fool, as I am under the privilege of age to be a fool.
I do not say that you should be good at my knowledge, but I say I know you.
I do not speak to disprove what Brutus said, but here I am to speak what I know.
I am not sure what is proof.
I speak to you as a plain soldier.
Where is Malvolio?
I spoke with his man.
I spoke with some of the sailors who escaped the wrack.
I am dishonorable, and I am trying to link my dear friend to a common stale.
I stand for judgment.
I stand here for law.
I am in a hurry.
I stay here on my bond.
I stay too long from her.
I stay too long.
I stretch it for that word “broad,” which is added to the goose, and proves you are wide and wide.
I am moving.
I stumbled upon it when I saw it.
I swear it is better to be abused than to be abused, but I do not know a little.
I swear by what I will lose for you to prove him false, and say I love you.
I swear I will cuff you if you strike again.
I swear to you, youth, by the white hand of Rosalind, I am that he, that unfortunate he.
I swear by nothing, because this is no oath.
I take a break later, sir.
I take it very unkindly that you, Iago, have my purse sat in my hand, as if the strings were thin.
I take it your own business calls you and you accept your occasion to leave.
I take my leave at once.
I take my leave of you.
I do not take pleasure in a solitary eunuch.
I enjoy singing, sir.
I take some joy to say you are because I would be talking about her.
I take this offer and let the Christian go.
I talked with no man at that hour, my lord.
I do not tax you, you elements, with unkindness.
I tell him we will stay here at least a month, and he prays that some occasion may prolong our stay.
I tell you that I am true.
I tell you, churlish priest, that a ministering angel will my sister be when you liest howling.
I tell you, Constable, my mistress wears his own hair.
I tell you that I am as good as any man in Illyria.
I tell you that you have slammed her gown.
I tell you that Kate was burnt and dried away.
I tell you, Litio, that is wonderful!
I tell you, man, that is better with me now than when you met me last where we meet.
I tell you that it is not very good.
I tell you that I am true.
I tell you what you will do.
I tell you, it is incredible to believe how much she loves me.
I tell you that she will not sound harshly in her ears.
If you look in the maps of the 'orld, I assure you that you will find in the comparisons between Macedon and Monmouth that the situation is both different.
I tell you that he can lay hold of her and have the chinks.
Thank God, thank God!
I thank his Grace.
I thank it, poor fool, and keep it on the windy side of care.
I thank you.
I thank my noble lord.
I thank my stars and am happy.
Thank you for your gird, good Tranio.
Thank you for this.
Thank you for your care and for your honest pains.
Thank you, Ariel.
I thank you, Sir John, for your kindness.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I thank you for your company, but, good faith, I had been alone.
Thank you for your pains and kindness.
Thank you for your pains.
I am very grateful for him.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you, gentle uncle.
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Cassio.
Thank you for your good comfort.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your honor.
Thank you for your lordship, you have got me one.
Thank you for your lordship.
I vouch again that with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood or with some dram, conjured to this effect, He wrought upon her.
I think it was Soto that you are honoring.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedonia.
I think he is angry.
I think he will be transformed into a beast, because I can nowhere find him like a man.
I think he bought his doublet in Italy, his round hose in France, his bonnet in Germany and his behavior everywhere.
I think he brings the money.
I think he loves the world for him.
I think he thinks of the savage bull.
I think he told me Paris should have married Juliet.
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son for an apple.
I think he will stand up very strong with us.
I think he would not wish himself anything but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, madonna.
I think I can find him if you want to get good guard and go along with me.
I think I did, sir.
I think I had.
I think I hear them.
I think I told your lordship a year ago how much I am in favor of Margaret, the waitress to Hero.
I think it is.
I think it is.
I think it does.
I think it is free, and I will be able to do it in the morning.
I think Alexander is pornist in Macedonia.
I think it is not possible to meet Mark Antony, so beloved of Caesar, to live with Caesar.
I think it is the weakness of my eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition.
I think it is.
I think it is lacking twelve.
I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.
I think it is good, my lord.
I think he is a little sigh of relief and no way can approve his opinion.
I do not think of them.
I think it is not so, my lord.
I think of as many matters as he does, but I give heaven thanks and do not boast of them.
I think our country sinks beneath the yoke.
I think our father will do so tonight.
I think oxen and wainropes can not hale them together.
I think she will be a soldier sooner.
I think so.
I think so, Charmian.
I think one of them is here, and cannot make it away.
I think you are just and think you are not.
I think the best grace of wit will soon turn into silence, and discourse will grow like a pity in all things parrots.
I think the duke will not be spoken withal.
I think the policy of this purpose made it more in the marriage than in the love of the parties.
I think the sun where he was born is all about him.
I think the world is asleep.
I think they are inhibited by the late innovation.
I think there is no man in Christendom who can hide his love or hate than he, because you will know his heart by his face straight.
I think this tale would win my daughter too.
I think you are an ad.
I think you have a master, and I think you are in my shape.
I think you do.
I think we are too bold on your rest.
I think we know the sweet Roman hand.
I think there would be hands uplifted in my right hand.
I think you are all mated or mad.
I think you have nothing to do with a bloody coxcomb.
I will infer that many things, having full reference to one consent, may work against the other, as many arrows loosened several ways to come to one mark, as many ways meet in one town, as many fresh streams
I thought everything was good.
I thought I would kill myself for grief.
I thought everything was savage here, and put me on the countenance of stern commandment.
I thought the king had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwall.
I thought you had been a resolute person.
I thought your heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion.
I am like a drop of water that is in the ocean, and who, falling there to find his fellow, Unseen, inquisitive, shattered himself.
I told him that your father was at Venice, and that you looked for him this day in Padua.
I told him what I thought and told him nothing more than what he found himself apt and true.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking, so full of valor that they smote the air for breathing in their faces, beat the ground for kissing their feet, and always bend towards their project
I took him to sleep, that is the end of his life.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.
I am too upset with you, but you are willing to do so.
I understand a fury in your words, but not the words.
I understand that he has a third place in Mexico, a fourth place in England, and other ventures he has squandered abroad.
I do not understand what you mean by this.
I do not know what I mean.
I do not understand you.
I urge this child proof because what follows is pure innocence.
I urged you to continue, then you scratched your head and too unpatiently stamped with your foot.
I want more uncles here to welcome me.
I have a good reason to do so.
I warrant it is to knight you, Captain.
I will.
I will get something from Venice.
I will.
I warrant you a merry fellow and cares for nothing.
I will be glad you, madam.
I warrant you, my lord.
I warrant you, sir, that the white virgin snow on my heart is a hazard of my liver.
I warrant you, you will find that the ceremonies of the wars and the cares of it and the forms of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it are different.
I will be happy to help you.
I will honor you.
I was a fool to take it.
I was a gentleman, and then I told you that I was true.
I was about to protest and I loved you.
I was adored once.
I was always plain with you, and now I speak my anger at the matter.
I was born free as Caesar.
I was born to speak all the truths, and no matter what.
I was contracted to them both.
I was forced to send it to him.
I was able to do it.
I was hurt under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until this instant.
I was born to die on Brutus' sword.
I was as petty to his ends as I was to the petty petty to his ends as is the petty petty to his grand sea.
I was provokèd by her sland'rous tongue, which laid their guilt on my guiltless shoulders.
I was sure your lordship didn't give it to me.
I was the man i was the moon when time was.
I was the more deceived.
I was talking on the sea-bank with some Venetians, and thither comes the bauble and by this hand she falls me so far about my neck.
I was told that by one who knows him better than you.
I was too young to value her, but now I know her.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, when they were in a wood of Crete they bayed the bear with hounds of Sparta.
I was, but I find more pain in banishment than death can yield me here by my abode.
I wear it for a memorable honor, because I am Welsh, you know, a good countryman.
I would weigh it lightly, if it was heavier.
I will acquit you.
I will answer you with a smile and a smile.
I will ask him for my place again, he will tell me I am drunkard.
I will take your part in some disguise and tell her fair Hero I am Claudio, and in her bosom I will unclasp my heart and take her hearing prisoner with the force and strong encounter of my amorous tale
I will be a member of the faction.
I will be angry.
I will be bitter with him and pass short.
I will be brief, because my short breath is not so long as it is a tedious tale.
I will be correspondent to command and do my spiriting gently.
I will be a little adolescent to pleading and excuses.
I will be faithful.
I will be flesh and blood, because there was never philosopher who could endure the toothache patiently, but they have writ the style of gods and made a push at chance and sufferance.
I will be free from you.
I will be gone, sir, and not bother you.
I will be hanged and hanged.
I will be hanged if some eternal villain, some busy and insinuating rogue, some cogging, cozening slave, have not devised this slander.
I will be heard.
I will be here again, even with a thought.
I will be gentle and mild in my words.
I will be jealous of you more than a Barbary cock-pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than a parrot against rain, more newfangled than an ape, more g
I will be near to second your attempt, and he will fall between us.
I will be proud, I will read politic authors, I will be a slam, I will be a slam, I will be a point-writer.
I will be satisfied.
I will be strange, stout, in yellow stockings, and cross-gartered, even with the rapidness of putting on.
I will be treble-sinewed, -hearted, -breathed, and fight maliciously.
I will give you a breakfast to make you friends, and we will be all three brothers in France.
I will give you where you will have time to speak your bosom freely.
I will bite my thumb at them, which is a shame for them if they bear it.
I will bite you by the ear for that jest.
I will bring you there.
I will only spend a few minutes here in the house and go with you.
I will not carry any crotches.
I will challenge him.
I will chop her into messes!
I will again come back.
I will make this strife worse.
I will condole in some way.
I will confess it to all the 'orld.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will tell them when you come.
I will be poisoning you, or in a sailor, or in steel.
I will debate this issue at more leisure and teach you to list me with more attention.
I will deliver you or I will lie for you.
I will not let you know!
I will depart in quiet and, despite my sigh, mean to be merry.
I will deserve your pains.
I will want you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals.
I will die bravely, like a smug bridegroom.
I will die, and leave him all.
I will discharge it in either your straw-color beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French crown-color beard, your perfect yellow.
I will discharge you if I go from you.
I will send it straight.
I will do it, my lord.
I will not.
I will do any modest job to help my cousin to a good husband.
I will do anything, Nerissa, ere I will be married to a sponge.
I will do everything you can to help me.
I will do so.
I will do so.
I will do this, if you can.
I will use you again, and find you the most suitable for business.
I will expect you.
I will fall prostrate at his feet and never rise until my tears and prayers have won his grace to come in person and take my husband from the Abbess.
I will fetch him.
I will fetch your goats, Audrey.
I will fetch you light, paper, and ink.
I will follow you.
I will follow.
I will stop the repair of the faulty parts and say you are not fit.
I will forget my nature.
I will be snagged as I pass by, and let them take it as they list it.
I will give him some relief if it is for that.
I will give you a variety of schedules of beauty.
I will give you mine.
I will give him a treason in plows, I warrant you.
I will give you the minstrel.
I will go along.
I will go before, sir.
I will call the watch.
I will go down and down to see the city.
I will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes that you can devise to send me on.
I will go to him.
I will go to the king.
I will go with you.
I will have it all.
I will have my bond.
I will have my revenge ere I leave his house.
I will have none on ’t.
I will have nothing else than this.
I will have such revenges on you and that all the world will do—I will do so— what they are, but I know they will be the terrors of the earth.
I will hear Brutus speak.
I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons when we hear them renderèd.
I will hear more reason for this.
I will hear that play.
I will help you to do it.
I will do this tonight.
If I bring you something to eat, I will give you the right to die.
I will stay here until the storm has passed.
I will hide me in the arbor.
I will have friends with you, lady.
I will drown myself incontinently.
I will not be able to endure it, nor am I yet convinced to put up in peace what I have suffered foolishly.
I will kill you a hundred and fifty ways.
I will kiss your lips.
I will kiss your hand, and then I will leave you.
I will laugh like a hyena when you are inclined to sleep.
I will trust you and you will find a dearer father in my love.
I will leave him.
I will leave you with your gossip-like humor.
I will live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes.
I will look into it further.
I will look at him and relieve him.
I will make the doors fast and gild myself with some more ducats, and be with you straight.
I will make myself known to Desdemona.
I will make your peace with him if I can.
I will meditate on some horrid message for a challenge.
I will not be faced or braved.
I will not be paying any of your money.
I will not.
I will not be long from you.
I will not be sworn, but love may transform me into an oyster, but I will take my oath on it, until he has made an oyster of me, he will never make me a fool.
I will not budge for no man’s pleasure, I.
I will not change my horse with any treads that treads, but on four pasterns.
I will not choose what many men want because I will not jump with common spirits and rank me with the barbarous multitudes.
I will not come.
I will not want that.
I will not disclose 'em.
I will not do you so much wrong to wake you up.
I will not do them wrong.
I will not fail you.
I will not fail.
I will not give my part of this sport a pension of thousands to be paid from the Sophy.
I will not go today, and if I do, it will be what I say.
I will not have to do with you.
I will not hear you speak.
I will not hold you long.
I will not hurt him.
I will not leave him until Cassio is called to him. How is he not with you, my lord?
I will be a little worried about you.
I will not rise until your Highness hears me.
I will not say that, because I fear I should be faced out of my way.
I will not say you will see a mask, but if you do, it was not for nothing that my nose fell a-bleeding on Black Monday last night at six o'clock i fell out that year on
I will not shame myself to give you this.
I will not sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I will not sleep until I have delivered your letter.
I will not speak with her.
I will not stay behind.
I will not stay to offend you.
I will not stay for all the town tonight.
I will not sup tonight.
I will not swear that these are my hands.
I will not take her on gift of any man.
I will not think it.
I will not wait until I will.
I will not bother you, my child.
I will not bother you yet. Give us some music, and, good cousin, sing.
I will not.
I will look at your paper.
I will o’ertake you, Cleopatra, and Weep for my mercy.
I will not give you any opportunity to convey my greetings, love, to you.
I will continue with my speech in your praise and then show you the heart of my message.
I will be bold with Benedick for his company, because from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot he is all my strength.
I will give you a good answer for that.
I will physicize your rankness and give you no thousand crowns.
I will give you the comfort I need with what I can.
I will plague them all, even to roar.
I will plant you two, and let the fool make a third, where he will find the letter.
I will play the swan.
I will have you of that ship and treasure.
I will praise any man who will praise me, though it is impossible to be denied what I have done by land.
I will teach you.
I will be able to learn about their day of marriage.
I will proclaim my name about the field.
I will prove it legitimate, sir, on the oaths of judgment and reason.
I will read it. How much you are to Portia.
I will requite your love.
I will be able to resolve you here.
I will return to the house and want to see the lady do some good work.
I will reward you once for your comfort and tenfold for your good valor.
I will run, fiend.
I will run.
I will say for you.
I will not say anything.
I will say that.
I will see them.
I will seek him, sir, to convey the business as I will find means and you will be familiar with it.
I will seek some way to leave him.
I will send him an email and ask him to ask you.
I will tell you what comes from her, to make sure I remember her more vigourous.
I will show myself a tyrant.
I will show you a necessity in his death that you will think you are bound to put it on him.
I will do so.
I will speak to her with daggers, but I will use none.
I will speak lower.
I will speak to this fellow.
I will stand, and Trinculo will stand.
I will stop you.
I will look at your inscriptions again.
I will talk with you further.
I will tell you everything right as it fell out.
I will tell you why.
I will tell you.
I will take the banner from a trumpet and use it for my grabs.
I will give it to you with a good idea.
I will this night, in several hands, in his windows throw, as if they came from several citizens, writings all referring to the great opinion that Rome holds of his name, wherein Caesar’s ambition will be gla
I will go to Egypt.
I will go to Venice.
I will tomorrow to the weird sisters.
I will go to Venice to buy apparel 'contra the wedding day.
I will verify that in his beard.
I will walk by.
I will walk up and down here and sing, so that they will hear I am not afraid.
I will watch tonight.
I will stop you from talking idlely.
I will do nothing, like Diana in the fountain, and I will do that when you are disposed to be merry.
I will weep for you, because this revolt of your methinks is like a fall of man.
I will weep.
I will withdraw to give me some swift means of death for the fair devil.
I will, and know her mind early tomorrow.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will, my lord, be ready to do so with all the necessary preparations.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, sir.
I will.
I will.
I guess your grandma had a worse match.
I wish him joy of her.
I wish it had been, for now I am your fool.
I wish mine eyes would shut down my thoughts.
I wish you all the joy of the worm.
I wish you all good luck, and so I take my leave.
I wish your Worship all the best.
I wish, forbear.
I have made sport with the morning’s love of the morning, and like a forester, the groves may tread even till the eastern gate, all red, opening on Neptune with fair blessèd beams,
I wonder.
I wonder at this rapidity that I must wed Ere, he comes to woo.
I wonder if the lion will speak.
I wonder if none of you have thought of him.
I wonder about their friendship.
I wonder that you will still be talking, Signor Benedick.
I wonder what it is like to be.
I am glad he is here.
I would be friends with you and have your love, but don’t forget the shames you have stained me with, give me your present wishes and take no must Of usance for my moneys.
I would be unable to cast my speech away, because I have taken great pains to make it sound good.
I would be astonished to have you overflowing with a honey bag, signor.
I would be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as oft with your master as with my mistress: I think I saw your wisdom there.
I would breed from this perspective, and I will, so that I can speak.
I would cure you if you would only call me Rosalind and come every day to my cote and woo me.
I would do much to help them, for the love I bear to Cassio.
I would eat his heart in the marketplace.
I would rather be tempted to put on your boldest suit of mirth, because we have friends that are a good thing.
I would exult, man.
I would not learn to lie.
I would fain prove that.
I would forget it fain, but oh, it presses me to remember, like damned guilty actions to sinners' minds.
I would give my fame for a pot of beer and safety.
I would have been happy to betwixt you.
I would have blown up the town, so Chrish would save me in an hour.
I would have beaten her with respect and made her half myself.
I would have had you there and again I can tell you what you should do there.
I would like her to learn how much I love her, my fair cousin, and that is good English.
I would have him nine years a-killing.
I would have made it short, since I was able to get to the depth of my story and to do so, to stop the argument.
I would have my bond.
I would have to have knaves follow it, since a fool gives it.
I would have a fellow whipped up for o'erdoing Termagant.
I would have sworn it had, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I would have thought her spirit was invincible against all assaults of affection.
I would have you.
I would have he boarded me.
I would he know that I had saved his brother.
I would see this taborer.
I would have been there.
I would have had your inches.
I would have your bond, because I think a weak bond holds you.
I would have known your heart.
I would have been as sure of a good dinner.
I would be at home.
I would be invisible, to catch the strong fellow by the leg.
I would be so foolish, sir, that I wouldn’t feel your blows.
I would have been a bird.
I would be revenged on you.
I would have it hangers till then.
I would be happy if it would prove the end of his losses.
I would kiss before I spoke.
I would know that.
I would lose all of them, and sacrifice them to this devil.
I would have my daughter dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear.
I would look at my father but with my eyes.
I would have my horse a great runner.
I would not be cured, youth.
I would not be mad.
I would not be the villain you think you are going to be in for the whole space that is in the grasp of the tyrant, and the rich East to boot.
I would not change it.
I would not change this hue except to steal your thoughts, my gentle queen.
I would not deny you, but until this good day, I will give you a great deal of power, and partly to save your life, because I was told you were in a consumption.
I would not follow him if I did.
I would not have to do this for the wealth of all the town here in my house.
I would not have seen the world here.
I would not have given it to monkeys.
I would not have him miscarry for the half of my dowry.
I would not have a heart in my heart for the dignity of the whole body.
I would not hear your enemy say so, nor do you do mine ear that violence, to make it trust you of your own report Against you.
I would not kill your unpreparéd spirit.
I would not marry her, though she had all the things Adam had left him before he transgressed.
I would not see it.
I would not make water as much as I would make water as a sink-a-pace.
I would not spare my brother in this case if he would scorn me so apparently.
I would rather have one of your father’s gifts.
I would be unable to trust myself, even if I had sworn the contrary, if Hero was my wife.
I would have owed this dotage to her.
I would be glad she was in heaven, so she could take some power to change this currish Jew.
I would sing my song without a burden.
I would speak with Clarence, and I came to my feet.
I would have married the fool to her grave.
I would have the lightning burnt those logs that you are enjoined to pile up.
I would therefore not have my sister name, sir.
I would have cried these tears from the ground.
I would have hoped that I would die once, because now they kill me with a living death.
I would fight i’ th’ fire or i’ th’ air, we would fight there too.
I would like to tell you that you might get this man out of your mouth as wine comes out of a bottle of wine—whether too much at once, or none at all.
I would do it.
I would have been son to some man else.
I would have my bones and I would have to tell you that I am going to be there.
I would have told you about another father.
I would be so happy by your stay to hear true shrift.
I would pray that all the fights were well compounded.
I would try to get him to cry “hem” and have him.
I would have been happy with this knavery.
I would have you as well!
I would have been foolish too.
I would have to tell you that you are a good man.
I wrote to you when I was rioting in Alexandria.
I will send you your commission to England with you.
I am your servant.
I will, as I can, do, and I will, with my best advantage, beg you to take advantage of the time and help you in this doubtful shock of arms.
By attorney, I will bless you from your mother, who prays continuously for Richmond’s good.
I knew the tailor who made the wings she flew withal.
I, gentle mistress.
Isn’t that madam?
I will again cry o'er, not remembering how I cried out.
I am Dromio.
Isn’t that the case, sir?
I have been a little ill-prepared for my life, but I have been so retired that I have a bad life.
I.
I believe he is.
I believe he will have a lusty widow now that will be wooed and wedded in a day.
I am sorry you are not doing well.
I am a Christian, and I thank him.
I believe, i believe, and both in a tune like two gypsies on a horse.
I am, or I am?
I will never have to fear.
Is it your air or earth?
I have a strong voice, I have a strong voice.
I am.
I would have you live, because in my sense it is happiness to die.
I will be able to do that.
I will about and drive away the vulgar from the streets.
I will follow him and see the event of this.
I will answer that.
I will arrest him.
I will ask them.
I will assure you that he uttered as prave words on the ridge as you will see in a summer’s day.
I will attend her here and woo her with some spirit when she comes.
I will go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him that.
I will be at charges for a glass and entertain a score of tailors to study fashions to adorn my body.
I will be at your elbow.
I will be there.
I will be gone.
If you are Launcelot, you will be sworn in by mine.
I will be my second.
I will be with you soon.
I will be with you straight.
I will be your foil, Laertes.
I will be your purse-bearer and leave you for an hour.
I will blame you for your failure and take your job from you on my own risk.
I will beat the knave in a twiggen bottle.
I will be a member of him in the near future.
I will bring my wood home faster.
I will tell you how you want to go.
I will bring you thither, my lord, if you will vouchsafe me.
I will bring you straight to him.
I will bring you to him.
I will buckle you against a million.
I will bury you in a triumphant grave.
I will call Sir Toby the while.
I will call you “Hamlet,” “King,” “Father,” “royal Dane.”
I will call you to go to bed and tell you what I know.
I will call you straight.
I will carry it to the pile.
I will catch it if it comes to ground.
I will claim that promise at your Grace’s hands.
I will come to him.
I will come straight to you.
I will be finer than I am.
I will court his favors.
I will cross it though it hits me.
I will devil-porter it no further.
I will die for it, but some woman had the ring.
I will do it, but it dislikes me.
I will do it, my lord.
I will do it.
I will do my best to woo your lady, who I am, myself would be his wife.
I will do the job of a younger man in all your business and necessities.
I will drain him as much as I can.
I will drink for you.
I will drink to her as long as there is a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria.
I will end my exhortation after dinner.
I will be able to do this.
I will fetch my sister for her goodwill.
I will get some flax and whites of eggs to apply to his bleeding face.
I will fetch the general’s surgeon.— Save you your labor.—He who is slain here, Cassio, was my dear friend.
I will get them, sir.
I will fight on the sea.
I will fight till my flesh is hacked.
I will find out your man, and he will be there to show you all the good things about you here.
Romeo will comfort you.
I will fish for you and get you enough wood.
I will not follow him with a few prayers.
I will follow it.
I will follow you and make a heaven of hell, to die upon the hand I love so well.
I will follow this good man and go with you.
I will follow you.
I will fume with them!” And with that word she struck me on the head, and through the instrument my pate made way,
I will get me to a place more void, and there Speak to great Caesar as he comes along.
I will give him a tad.
I will give you a verse to this note that I made yesterday despite my invention.
I will go alone.
I will go along, no sight to be shown, but to rejoice in my splendor.
I will go and chat with Paris.
I will work with him and do it again.
I will go arm myself.
I will go further.
I will go find a shadow and sigh till he comes.
I will go with you.
I will become a talker for this gear.
I will stop after.
I will have an action of battery against him if there is law in Illyria.
I will have grounds more relative than this.
I will have her, but I will not keep her long.
I will have my bond, and therefore speak no more.
I will have my bond.
I will have no bigger.
I will have no halves.
I will not speak.
I will have no better name than Jove’s own page, and look at you as Ganymede.
I will have some proof.
I will have the work ta'en out and give it to Iago.
I will have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I will have this crown cut from my shoulders before I see the crown so bad.
I will have this knot knit up tomorrow morning.
I will help you to a horse.
I will help you, Sir Toby, because we will be dressed together.
I will bet you would be an Ethiope.
I will be humbly stating what we have done in his name, that magical word of war, and how we have done it with his banners and his well-paid ranks.
I will come in to counsel them.
I will join with black despair against my soul and become an enemy.
I will keep my oath patiently to bear my wroth.
I will know his humor when he knows his time.
I will know your thoughts.
I will lay fourteen of my teeth to my teen, and yet she is not fourteen.
I will leave you now like a man of steel.
I will leave you, lady.
I will leave you.
I will look at it if I look at moving.
I will make a sop o' th' moonshine of you.
I will share my present with you.
I will make her come, I warrant you, presently.
I will make him find him.
I will make one too.
I will make it so bold to call, because it is my limited service.
I will make the motion.
I will give you an example.
I will make you amends next, to give you nothing for something.
I will make you quiet. What a beautiful heart, cheery!
I will mark the play.
I will meet you at that place some hour later.
I will do it and then play— Where is the Queen?
I will never care what I do, if this man comes to good.
I will never see it!
I will no longer be with you.
I will no longer be there.
I will not do anything of it.
I will not do anything of it.
I will not answer that, but say it is my humour.
I will not be far from you.
I will not be sworn.
I will not be made a soft and dull-eyed fool to shake the head, sigh and give to Christian intercessors.
I will not be strucken, my lord.
I will not believe it.
I will not budge an inch, boy.
I will not let him know anything I have, no, my body, nor my husband’s bed.
I will not endure it.
I will not endure it.
I will not expostulate with her, so she will not be able to see her again.
I will not fail if I live.
I will not fight with you.
I will not have it.
I will not interfere with him.
I will not be able to do anything with it.
I will not go to bed tonight.
I will not trust your words.
I will pay you pleasure then.
I will pheeze you, in faith.
I will plague him.
I will play the housewife for this once.
I will prune you berries.
I will prove mine honor and mine honesty against you if you stand.
I will pull you by the lesser legs.
I will not put it in proof.
I will put a girdle round the Earth in forty minutes.
I will put it on.
I will wear poor and mean attire and look like a smirch.
I will rather dwell in my necessity.
I will rather kill myself.
I will read the writing.
I will rest.
I will rhyme you so well for eight years, except dinners and suppers.
I will ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
I will ride your horse as well as I will ride you.
I will run from you and hide me in the brakes, and leave you to the mercy of wild beasts.
I will seal a bond with the Jew.
I will see it done.
I will not see more.
I will see you hanged on Sunday first.
I will sell all my land.
I will send my prayers to him.
I will send one to Mantua, where the same banished runagate does not live, to give him a dram that is so unaccustomed that he will soon keep Tybalt company.
I will serve this duke.
I will serve you five hundred at the rate.
I will tell you how far you are going to be beloved.
I will set her up.
I will show you the best springs.
I will signify so much to him straightly.
I will slit the villain’s nose that would have sent me to the jail.
I will speak a prophecy ere I go.
I will stay a month longer.
I will not be able to answer any questions.
I will strike and cry, “Take all.” Well said.
I will take my leave.
I will talk with this good fellow.
I will not be with you anymore.
I will teach you how to flow.
I will tear her up.
I will tell my husband, Launcelot, what you say.
I will tell you the news.
I will tell you that you ask me again.
I will tell you how Beatrice praised you wit the other day.
I will tell you more about this another time.
I will tell you what, Prince: a college of wit-crackers cannot steal me from my humor.
I will tell you, Aliena, I cannot be out of sight of Orlando.
I will tell you, Charles: it is the stubbornest young fellow of France, full of ambition, an envious emulator of every man’s good parts, a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural brother.
I will tell you, friend, I am almost mad myself.
I will tell you in your ears.
I will tell you who time ambles withal, who time trots withal, who time gallops withal, and who he stands still withal.
I will tell you that there are good men porn at Monmouth.
I will not give nor hazard aught for lead.
I will go to dinner.
I will go to England.
I will to him.
I will go to my book, for yet ere supper-time must I perform Much business.
I will be charged with this.
I will go to rest.
I will go to the friar to know his remedy.
I will go to the mart, and there for Dromio stay.
I will go to the throng.
I will torture him.
I will unhair your head!
I will venture so much of my hawk or hound, but twenty times so much upon my wife.
I will wait on your Lordship.
I will warrant him for drowning even though the ship was not stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as a wench.
I will warrant she will pay him home.
I will wear nothing but this.
I will write to my sister to keep my course.
I will write you a challenge.
I will write him a very taunting letter, and you will bear it.
I will give him to sleep, where you may knock a nail into his head.
I am out of patience.
Iago beckons me.
Iago is honest.
Iago keeps his word.
Iago, who started a conversation?
Iago?
Iago.
Idle old man who still would manage those authorities that he has given away.
If there was no other person, I will.
If she was not, I cannot tell who told me.
If a bloody coxcomb is a hurt, you have hurt me.
If a Christian does not play the knave and you get to, I am very deceived.
If a Jew wrongs a Christian, what is his humility?
If a man does not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he will not live longer in monuments than the bell rings and the widow weeps.
If a man’s brains were in the sleeve, were they not in danger of kibes?
If all else fails, I have power to die.
If all the devils of hell are drawn in little, and Legion himself has possessed him, I will speak to him.
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him, I will help his ague.
If you have bark, come to the mart, where I will walk till you return to me.
If they are Trinculo’s legs, they are the ones.
If any man doubts that, let him put me to my purgation.
If any ship is put out, then just get out.
If any of these things happen, please forgive him!
If there is any, speak for him.
If there is any, speak for him.
If I borrow other accents, I will be able to diffuse my speech.
If you have put the wild waters in this roar, my dearest father, you will be able to do so.
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have done nothing less.
If Caesar please, our master will leap to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, your reproof was well deserved of rashness.
If I do not approve my dream, my boat sails freely, both with wind and stream.
If we die, be brief, that our swift-winged souls may catch the king’s eyes or, like obedient subjects, follow him to his new kingdom of ne'er-changing night.
If you were to yourself and your woes were torn down, you were to blame.
If Echo was as fleet as Echo, I would have a dozen of him.
If one of you knows a reason why you should not be jointed, you will be able to charge your souls to utter it.
If he goes alone again, I will never be able to win more.
If ever he has wife, let her be made miserable by the death of him more miserable than I am made by my poor lord and you. Come now towards Chertsey with your holy load, taken from Paul’
If I live to see it, I will challenge it.
If I return to you again, I will bring you comfort.
If you come to me and say, after tomorrow, “This is my glove,” I will take you a box on the ear.
If you ever want to grow, you will be buried in my body.
If every wish had a womb, and fertile every wish, a million.
If everyone knows us, and we know none, it is time to trudge, pack, and be gone.
If fortune is not ours today, it is because we brave her.
If I return from the field, I will appear in blood.
If God is avengèd for this act, you know He will do it publicly.
If you are good, you shame the music of sweet news by playing it to me with so sour a face.
If Hamlet gives the first or second hit or quits in response to the third exchange, let all the battles fire their armaments!
If you, my father, suspect An instrument of this you call back, do not blame me.
If he asks for me, I am ill and I am gone to bed.
If he awakes, from toe to crown, he will fill our skins with pinches.
If he is absent, bring his brother to me.
If he is leaden, icy, cold, unwilling, be able to do so, and break off the talk, and give us notice of his inclination.
If he is not in love with some woman, there is no way to believe old signs.
If he is perjured, see you now, his reputation is as arrant as a villain and a Jack Sauce as ever.
If he is sad, he wants money.
If he is so resolved, I can o'ersway him.
If he is taken, he will never be afraid of doing harm.
If he is, he knows how to turn his girdle.
If he breaks the peace, he should be in a dispute with fear and trembling.
If he does not, let the botcher mend him.
If he does not come, then the play is ruined.
If he comes tomorrow, I will give him his payment.
If he could do it with a dispute, some of us would lie low.
If he does not like it, let him tell our sister, who is one, and mine I know in that case, to be overruled.
If he does bleed, I will gild the faces of the grooms with a smile, because it must seem their guilt.
If he does bleak, I know my course.
If he does not fear God, he must always keep peace.
If he does not resist, he will be punished for his crimes.
If he does, he will not be able to weep back again.
If he fails, he will have other means to cut you off.
If he filled his job with his humour, his swollen bones and the dryness of his bones, call him for it.
If he has caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pounds to be cured.
If he has never drunk wine before, it will go near to remove his fit.
If he has the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, I would rather shrive me than wive me.
If he loves Caesar, all he can do is to himself: take a look at Caesar and die for him.
If he was delivered in a manner that would be convenient, I would have done it, because I am now so far in offense with my niece that I cannot pursue this sport with any safety.
If he pleases me to conquer Egypt for my son, he gives me so much of my own as I will kneel to him with thanks.
If he says so, his pernicious soul will be able to make a half grain a day.
If he was dead, what would be a betting on me?
If he was dead, you would be able to do so.
If he does not stand when he is a bidder, he is no of the Prince’s subjects.
If he will take it, then he will.
If he grows musical, we will soon have discord in the spheres.
If her breath was as terrible as her terminations, there was no living near her
If his cause is wrong, our obedience to the king wipes out the crime of it out of us.
If his fitness speaks, mine is ready, now or when I can, if I can.
If I am spooked, be careful.
If I can cross him any way, I will bless myself every way.
If I can only be able to hold a cup on him, with that he has drunk already tonight, he will be as sceptical and threatening as my young mistress' dog.
If I can recover him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him, he is a present for any emperor who ever trod on neat’s leather.
If I can recover him and keep him tame, I will not take too much for him.
If I could add a lie to a fault, I would deny it.
If I could bid the fifth welcome with so much heart as I can bid the other four farewells, I would be glad of his approach.
If I could make that look like something in me, I would do it with a little bit of a slew of sleeve.
If I could pray to move, prayers would move me.
If I could win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back, under the correction of bragging, I would leap into a wife.
If I cut my finger, I will make bold with you.
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I will give it to your daughter.
If I die before you, prithee, shroude me in one of these same sheets.
If I find him fit, I will move your suit to my best.
If I live, I will be good to you.
If I do not love her, I am a Jew.
If I do not have a sober habit, talk with respect and swear, but now and then, wear prayer books in my pocket, look dreadful.
If I do not usurp myself, I will.
If I do prove her haggard, she would be a little ill, but I would let her go and let her down the wind to make fortune.
If I do, it will be more expensive to be spoken behind your back than to your face.
If I do not dream, you are Emilia.
If I find a hole in his coat, I will tell him my mind.
If I gave them all my life, I would keep my coxcombs myself.
If I had a thunderbolt in my eye, I can tell who should be down.
If I had you in Lipsbury pinfold, I would make you care for me.
If I had, my weapon would have been out of sight, I will be sure to.
If I have killed the issue of your womb, I will be able to save your daughter's life.
If I know this, I can know the world and I can shake off that part of tyranny I bear.
If I last in this service, you must case me in leather.
If I let him go, I will have to pay the debt he owes to me.
If I live to see it, I will never trust his word after it.
If I lose a scruple of this sport, let me be boiled to death with melancholy.
If I trust the flattering truth of sleep, my dreams are a sign of joy.
If I myself, there is no hour so fit as Caesar’s death’s hour, nor no instrument of half that worth as those your swords, made rich with the most noble blood of all this world.
If I do anything, I will pay you in a slew of sand.
If I stop you, you are a minister, I will return to your former light if I repent.
If I say sooth, I must report that they were as cannons overcharged with double cracks, and that they doubled strokes on the foe.
If I see anything tonight why I should not marry her, tomorrow in the congregation, where I should wed, there will be shame.
If I would be?
If I said so, I saw such islanders, because, certes, these are people of the island, who, even though they are of monstrous shape, yet note, their manners are more gentle-kind than our
If I spoke, she would mock me in the air.
If I take a displeasure against you, look at you, you are a lost monster.
If I speak like myself in this, let him be whipped that first finds it.
If I speak true, I will be able to do it.
If I stand here, I saw him.
If I do, I think the same of you.
If I were bound to divine of this unity, I would not prophesy it.
If I were Brutus now and he was Cassius, he would not be a good guy.
If I would report this now in Naples, would they believe me?
If you can give no help, you can only call my resolution wisely, and with this knife I will help it now.
If it assumes my noble father is my noble father, I will speak to him, though Hell itself should gape and bid me to hold my peace.
If it is a suit from the count, I am sick, or not at home.
If it is found, some will love it.
If it is love, tell me how much.
If it is the work of the man, I will do it.
If it is mine, keep it from me.
If it is not for some purpose of import, don’t you again.
If it is not to come, it will be now.
If it is so tense that it is put on me, I will tell you, you do not understand yourself so clearly as it is my daughter and your honor.
If so, as tis, Poor lady, she would love a dream.
If so, it is a chance to redeem all the sorrows I have ever felt.
If it is that, or any of hers, it speaks against her with the other proofs.
If it is so to dream, let me sleep!
If it is true that good wine needs no bush, it is true that a good play needs no epilogue.
If you are the ones who stir hearts against their father, fool me not so much to bear it tamely.
If it is, sir, I will not be able to eat anything of it.
If it had been painful, I would not have come.
If it is possible to keep your griefs from spreading, you should forget them.
If it passes against us, we lose the better half of our possession, for all the lands that men devout have given to the Church would strip from us, being valued so much as it would maintain, to the King’s
If it pleases His Majesty, it is the breathing time of day with me.
If it pleases the eye of one, it is with me as the sonnet is, “Please one, and please all.” Why, how do you, man?
If it is, please you.
If it proves a lawful prize, he will be made for ever.
If it is yours to give me a wholesome answer, I will do your mother’s commandment.
If it was done when it was done, then it was done quickly.
If it were now to die, 'I am so happy, because I fear my soul has her content so absolute that not another comfort like this is expected to be in unknown fate.
If it were so, it was a grievous fault, and Caesar has answered it.
If it does not, I will leave you.
If it does not, what is the remedy?
If it will please Caesar, I will be asking him to befriend himself.
If justice cannot tame you, she will weigh more reasons in her balance.
If knife, drugs, serpents, knives, stings, or a sting have a blade, I am safe.
If love is blind, love cannot hit the mark.
If love is rough with you, be rough with love.
If love has touched you, naught remains, lad, and go forward.
If you do more you can see, let me know.
If more, the more you wronged me.
If you do not notice him, you will offend him and extend his passion.
If my heart is dear, do not swear.
If my lady has not called up her steward Malvolio and offered him to turn you out of doors, never trust me.
If you do not answer, you might think that you would have a dream of a thorny king, not a thorny king, to bear the golden yoke of sovereignty, which you
If not, it is true that this parting was well made.
If not, adieu.
If not, you would be happy to take leave of her.
If not, I will seek satisfaction from you.
If not, they meet with charity.
If not, he foamed at mouth and screamed at madness.
If not, he is plain.
If not, I will die your baby.
If not, shun me and I will spare your haunts.
If not, the Fates with traitors do not.
If not, to say that I will die is true, but for your love, by the Lord, no.
If not, when you have stomachs.
If not, why was this parting well made?
If not, your mercy and my return will be the end of my business.
If one knight give a gift, would you have a love song or a good life song?
If one is a prey, how much better to fall before the lion than the wolf!
If only to go warm would be beautiful, why, nature needs not what you wear, which is not what you wear.
If our eyes had authority, they would take two thieves kissing.
If our father has authority with such dispositions as he bears, this last surrender of his will will only offend us.
If our father would sleep until I wake him, you should enjoy half his income forever and live the beloved of your brother, Edgar.
If our sport had gone forward, we would have been all men.
If sanctimony and a vow betwixt an erring barbarian and supersubtle Venetian not too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell, you will enjoy her.
If she and I are pleased, what do you think?
If she is a traitor, why so?
If she is black, and has a wit, she will find a white that will fit her blackness.
If she is false, heaven mocked itself.
If she is in her chamber or your house, let me loose the justice of the state for you.
If she confessed that she was half the wooer, I will be able to do so if I blame Light on the man.
If she sends letters to Richmond, you will answer it.
If she refuses to wed, I will ask the banns and when I will be marrièd.
If she does not bid me for me, I will give her a big thank you, as if she would bid me for me to stay for a week.
If she does, he will smile and take it for a great favor.
If she finds him not, she will send him to England or confine him where you will think best.
If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the Moor.
If she does not live long, and meets the old course of death, women will turn monsters.
If she lives until midnight, she will burn a week longer than the whole world.
If she makes tender of her love, it is very possible that he will do it, because the man, as you know all, has a wicked spirit.
If she sustains him and his hundred knights when I have shown th's lack of fitness, here, madam.
If she returns me my jewels, I will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation.
If she stirs her up, I will be notified to her.
If sight and shape are true, why then, my love adieu.
If Signor Leonato was her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina, as like him as she is.
If Sir Toby would leave drinking, you would be as witty as a piece of Eve’s flesh in Illyria.
If so, be patient, sister.
If so, my eyes are often more shaved than her.
If so, then be careful not to be tongue-tied.
If a person like this is right to govern, speak.
If a swift thought breaks it, a swifter mean will be more likely to break it down, but I feel it will not.
If you are brained like us, the state will swell.
If all is right, masters, I will do nothing.
If you care for nothing, sir, I would make you invisible.
If she does not breath, she will be able to breathe.
If that is true, then it is all good.
If that demon that gulled you so well with his lion gait walk the whole world, he might return to Tartar and tell the legions “I can never win A soul so easy as that Englishman’s
If the Turkish fleet is not ensheltered and embayed, they are drowned.
If that is true, then it will be.
If you are a devil, I can kill you.
If that is not enough, I will be obligated to pay it ten times a year, on forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart.
If you were the good Sir Rowland’s son, as you have whispered faithfully, you were, and as my eye sees his effigies living in your face, be truly welcome to her.
If we had no reason to move on to another sense of humor, the blood and base of our natures would lead us to most prepost'rous conclusions.
If the cat will do so, then you will be sure that Rosalind will do it.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating coxcomb, is it a good thing to think about?
If the English had any apprehension, they would run away.
If the heavens had been pleased, would we have ended so soon?
If the ill spirit has such a fair house, good things will strive to dwell with a good spirit.
If you are certain about this paper, you have a great deal of business.
If the matter was good, my lord, I would swear it was his.
If the Prince is too important, tell him that everything is measured and then dance out the answer.
If they were to be a savage, they would be as innocent as grace itself.
If that friend asks why Brutus rose against Caesar, then this is my answer: not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
If they were to slack you, we could control them.
If true lovers have been crossed, it stands as an edict in destiny.
If there is something good to do to you, please, and speak to me.
If there is any obstacle, I pray you will find it.
If there is any friend of Caesar’s, I say that Brutus’ love to Caesar was not less than his.
If there is more, more sorrowful, hold it in.
If there is truth in sight, you are my daughter.
If there is truth in sight, you are my Rosalind.
If there is truth from them, Macbeth, they will shine on you, why, by the truth, do they not be my oracles, and set me up in hope?
If there were no more women than Fulvia, then you would have a cut, and the case to be bludgeoned.
If they refuse to come, I will send them to their husbands.
If they see you, they will kill you.
If they do this, as if God please, they will, my ransom will be levied soon.
If they have done this, my noble lord, if?
If they make you not, then the better answer is to say they are not the men you took them for.
If they speak only truth about her, these hands will tear her
If they suffer our departure, death is the word.
If they will fight with us, they will be able to come down, or void the field.
If they do neither, we will come to them and make them look as swift as the stones enforcés from the old assyrian slings.
If this is known, Cassius or Caesar will never turn back, because I will slay myself.
If you do not want this, I will not say more.
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If this fall into your hand, turn it around.
If he does not move this letter, his legs will not.
If this proves a vision of the Island, one dear son will lose twice.
If this uncouth forest yields anything savage, I will either be food for it or bring it to you.
If this was played on a stage now, I would condemn it as an improbable fiction.
If this was true, then I should know this secret.
If this young gentleman has done a crime, I will blame me.
If you account it shame, lay it on me, and therefore frolic!
If you and nature can so gently part, the stroke of death is as a lover’s pinch, which hurts and is desired.
If you are she, tell me where is that son who floated with you on the fatal raft?
If you ask me why, my reasons are both good and heavy.
If you are as poor as you are for a king, you are poor enough.
If you are not immortal, look at you.
If you are Stephano, you can touch me and speak to me.
If you bet Trinculo, come forth.
If you can love a fellow of this temper, Kate, who is not worth sunburning, who never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there, let your eyes be your cook.
If you love me for this, take me.
If you consider the matter to be fair, Caesar has had great wrong.
If you want to tempt me further, draw your sword.
If you are willing to see your heinous actions, you will find this pattern of your slaughters.
If you ever held me in your heart, you will never be able to get a little praise from you, and you will be in this harsh world to take your breath in pain.
If you ever loved your dear father, you would love God.
If you did it, you are the nonpareil.
If you find him a bit tractable to us, encourage him and show him all our reasons.
If you do, I will never love you.
If you love a fair Hero, cherish it, and I will break with her and with her father, and you will have her.
If you love me, show me your thoughts.
If you do not play with him at any game, you will be sure to lose.
If you doubt it, you may slide from my shoulder to my heel with no more than my head and my neck.
If you entertain my love, let it appear in your smiling face.
If you follow him, you must wear my coxcomb.
If you had been afraid to break a oath by Him, you would have buried the mighty metal in your head now in the tender temples of my child.
If you have any sound or use of voice, speak to me.
If you haven’t done it, call me “Cut.” If I do not, never trust me, take it as you will.
If you have nature in you, bear it.
If you have slain Lysander in his sleep, you are o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, and kill me too.
If you kill me, boy, you will kill a man.
If you are more murmuring, I will make an oak and peg you in his sleeveys until you have swung twelve winters.
If you do not, I will give you my life.
If you read this, O Caesar, you may live.
If you are not the only one who has ever been in love with you, you have not loved it.
If you remember what happened here, how you came here.
If you say so, villain, you kill your mistress.
If you say so, you can withdraw and prove it too.
If you speak false, you will hang alive on the next tree until you are famined.
If you take more or less than a pound, whether it is so heavy or light in the substance, or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple—nay, if the scale does turn out to
If you do not enjoy Desdemona the next night, take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life.
If you wert my fool, nuncle, I would have you beaten for being old before your time.
If you do not lend this money, don't give it to your friends, because when did friendship take a breed for barren metal of his friend?
If you want to damn yourself, do it in a more delicate way than drowning.
If you do not want to weep my fortunes, take my eyes.
If you had such a thing, take me.
If you vanishest, you tell the world that it is not worth leaving.
If you will be a great man, you will be a great man.
If you can forgive your revenge, Lo, here I give you this sharp-pointed sword, which, if you want to hide in this true breast and let the soul forth that loves you, I lay it naked to the deadly
If you speak well, I do not care if you do it for me as much.
If you are up until the end of your month, you will return and sojourn with my sister, Dismissing half your train, then come to me.
If you have done what you gave in charge, be happy then, because it is done.
If I am trembling, I will protest me for the baby of a girl.
If we are like you in the rest of the world, we will look like you in that.
If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country loss
If we are not relieved within this hour, we must return to your court of guard.
If we lose this battle, then this is the last time we will speak together.
If we meet again, we will smile.
If we meet again, why, we will smile.
If we grow all to be pork-eaters, we will not have a rasher on the coals for money in the coming days.
If we know him as a thief, shall we not lay hands on him?
If we offend, it is with our good will.
If we walk in the trodden paths, our petticoats will catch them.
If we cannot defend our own doors from the dog, let us be worried and our nation loses the name of hardiness and policy.
If he was not what he could do, I would have to say he would do it!
If I am with myself or have acquaintance with my own desires, then I will never dream or be frantic, as I trust I am.
If it is possible, Sweet Blunt, make some good means to speak with him, and give him this very needful note from me.
If you had wolves shook your gate at that time, you would have said, “Good porter, turn the key,” and all cruèls else sat down.
If you are so fond of her iniquity, give her her patent to offend, because if it does not touch you it comes close to nobody.
If you are gentlemen, do me this right: hear me with patience.
If you are not mad, be gone.
If you are pleased, retire in my cell and there is a place to rest.
If you are happy with this and hold your fortune for your bliss, turn you where your lady is and claim her with a loving kiss.
If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I love passing well.
If you can separate yourself from your misdemeanors, you are welcome to the house.
If you can, why?
If you cannot, give thanks to your family for your long life and make yourself ready for the mischance of the hour, if it is so hap.
If you choose that I am contained, we will be solemnized.
If you choose that, then I am yours.
If you come to a poor place, you will do well.
If you want to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse it, let the danger light on your charter and your city’s freedom.
If you refuse to speak to me, please be careful with your law.
If you refuse them, all the land will be slammed.
If you want the spleen, and you will laugh yourself into stitches, follow me.
If you did wear a beard on your chin, I would shake it on this dispute.
If you had wed my sister for her wealth, then you would use her for her wealth with more kindness.
If you fight against your country’s foes, your country’s fat will pay you the hire.
If you fight in the safety of your wives, your wives will welcome the conquerors home.
If you free your children from the sword, your children will be able to quit it in your age.
If you love me, you will find me out.
If you love Rosalind so close to the heart as your gesture tries to cry out, you will marry Aliena when your brother marries her.
If you meet Horatio and Marcellus, the rivals of my watch, you will be able to grab them.
If you do not, if I am left alone, now, by mine honor, which is mine own, I will have that doctor for my bed.
If you are sorrowful at my grief in love, you will be forgiven for my sorrow and my grief.
If you do stir abroad, go armed.
If you sweat to put a tyrant down, you sleep in peace, the tyrant being slain.
If you continue to do so, you will kill yourself.
If you grow foul with me, Pistol, I will scour you with my rapier, as I may, in fair terms.
If you had known the virtue of the ring, or half her worthiness that gave the ring, or your own honor to contain the ring, you would not have parted with the ring.
If you have any music that may not be heard, then you should not again.
If you have any pity, grace, or manners, you would not make me a pity.
If you have lost him, why, I have lost him too.
If you have poison for me, I will drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew my business, you would prefer to go and stay.
If you like to report the soil, the profit, and this kind of life, I will be your very faithful feeder and buy it with your gold right now.
If you love her then, she will be married tomorrow.
If you mark Alexander’s life well, Harry of Monmouth’s life is come after it indifferent, because there are figures in all things.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you may stay with him.
If you offend him, I will do my best to you.
If you are out of my way, you will die in the greatness of my word.
If you beg you, we will be able to help.
If you poison us, do we not die?
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
If you are a mutineer, the next tree will be the tree.
If you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment, the fear of your adventure would help you to a more equal enterprise.
If you say that, I hope you will not kill me.
If you do not consent, it will make you honor.
If you send them words you will not come, their minds may change.
If you should die before him, where is her dower?
If you swear, my lord, you will not be sworn.
If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard’s Castle, where you will find me well accompanied with reverend fathers and well-learned bishops.
If you tickle us, do we not laugh?
If you went in pain, master, this knave would go sore.
If you come to me, I will spy on you for now.
If you let your lady know I am here to speak with her and bring her along with you, it will awaken my bounty.
If you live, be ashamed.
If you do not murder me for my love, let me be your servant.
If you do not, come when you are ready for the next event.
If you will dance in our round and see our moonlight revels, go with us.
If you see it, follow me.
If you take a homely man’s advice, you will not find it here.
If you watch him go from there (which I will make to fall out between twelve and one) you can take him at your pleasure.
If you would conjure in her, you must make a circle
If you knew your wrongdoing, look at me.
If you did not, it was a good sign that I would have a new father.
If you would take the pains but look at the wars of Pompey the Great, you will find, I warrant you, that there is no tiddle toddle or pibble babble in Pompey’s camp.
If you come to supper tonight, you may.
If you will have a dispute, it is not your fault.
If you sit down, I will keep your logs.
If you enjoyed your leisure, I would speak with you.
If your love does not convince you to come, let me not write my letter.
If you remember it, the Welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks grow, wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps, which you know is an honorable badge of service.
If your master had a queen his beggar, you must tell him that a kingdom must be a kingdom.
If you would, Duke of Burgundy, have the peace, who wants to give you growth to your imperfections which you have mentioned, you must buy that peace with full respect to all our just demands, whose tenors
If she has stopped the riots of your followers, she will be on such a good ground as she is clear from all blame.
Ill luck, ill luck?
I will rest in the chamber where you are.
I would like to talk with you more.
I will never say anything like that.
Illo, ho, ho, my lord!
Impart.
I was so anxious about my absence, and I felt so sad that Octavius and Mark Antony have made themselves so strong with her death that tidings came.
He was dead and turned to clay, and could stop a hole to keep the wind away.
I am a sigh!
In a false dispute, there is no true valor.
In all these circumstances, I will instruct you.
They sleep in bed while they dream things up.
In both my eyes he sees himself doubled in each eye.
In short, for so many reasons, the season is going to be, prepare your battle early in the morning and put your fortune to the arbitrament of bloody strokes and mortal-staring war.
I would say that Sorrow would be a rarity most beloved if all could be so.
In Caesar’s fleet are those who have often fought against Pompey.
In cases of defense, it is best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems.
In cash, most just paid.
I must draw my sword upon you.
In debating which was best, we will not be able to do anything.
Give him a good name.
It is a good thing.
Hast he not the world one man, but he will wear his cap with suspicion?
He is in a penitent state, and yet his trespass, in our common reason (save that, they say, the wars must make example Out of her best) is not a fault.
In faith, lady, you have a merry heart.
In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword.
I am my lord, not I.
In faith, she is too curst.
In faith, they are as heartfelt as we.
In food, in sport, and in life-preserving rest, disturbed would be mad or man or beast.
In God’s name, speak.
What are you doing in God’s name?
What is that?
In great measure.
In happy time, here comes the duke himself.
I am happy to be here.
Happy time.
I am happy and thin.
In him there is a hope of government, which, in his absence, will be under him, and he will, in his full and ripened years, be good.
In him you will be comfortable.
He is himself.
In his bosom?
He has a cast of crowns and crownets.
He does not exalt himself in his own way.
He is in his tail.
He speaks his language.
You have heard me say my daughter is not for you.
In honor of love.
In Kent, my liege, the Guilfords are in arms, and every hour more competitors Flock to the rebels, and their power grows strong.
Are you in love?
In me, I was a villain, and I had not been a good service.
In my eyes, she is the sweetest lady I ever looked at.
I will be sure you will love Beatrice.
In my chamber window is a book.
I am in my mind, Horatio.
In my school days, when I had lost one shaft, I shot his fellow of the selfsame flight with more advisèd watch to find the other forth.
In my stars I am above you, but I am not afraid of greatness.
I am wearing my clothes.
Claribel found her husband at Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife where he was lost. Prospero, his dukedom in a poor isle, and we all, ourselves when no man was
In Orsino’s bosom.
I would be apprehensive of the challenger’s youth, but he will not be apprehensive.
Let us put it in practice now.
In a praise of Antony, I have dispraised Caesar.
Private?
I like it very well, but I like it very well, because it is private.
In sadness, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say so, you will only say the truth.
In Sicyon.
In some bush?
I know why I am so sad.
I think you are a good man.
In such a night as this, when the wind kissed the trees and they didn’t make noise, Troilus methinks mounted the Trojan walls and sighed his soul toward the Grecian tents where Cre
In such a night as this!
In such a night Jessica slanders her love, and he forgave it her.
In such a night, did young Lorenzo swear he loved her well, stifling her soul with many vows of faith, and ne'er a true one.
In such a night, I will shut me out!
In such a time as this it is not possible to make a comment on every nice offense.
I was born in Syracusa, and we were happy to a woman, but by me, we had not been bad.
In the corrupted currents of this world, the gilded hand of the offense may be shoved by justice, and it is seen that the wicked prize itself buys out the law.
In the great hand of God, I stand and fight against the univulged pretense of treasonous malice.
In the meantime, I will draw a bill of properties like our play wants.
In the meantime, let me be that I am, and seek not to change me.
In the meantime, let me be thought too busy in my fears — as worthy cause I have to fear I am — and hold her free, I beg her to be your honor.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, the mightiest Julius fell, the graves stood unsteady and the dead squeak and gibber in the Roman streets as stars with trains of fire and blood,
In the name of the world, there is a moiety.
In the same figure as the king who is dead.
I met him in his company.
In the wars.
You are a good argument, and you are a good communication, partly to satisfy my opinion, and partly to satisfy my opinion.
There is not a half hour of life in you.
In this last moment.
What have you heard her say in this slumbery agitation, out of walking and other real performances?
In this time of the night?
I can be said to be a flattering honest man, but I cannot be denied this, but I am a plain-dealing villain.
In those savors, the savors are a savor.
In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
You are a man who is a man.
In the past we have hated what we often fear.
In the morning, it is morning.
I think I should do it, and I will do it when I had done it.
I think you would not.
I know it is a sin to be a mocker, but he!
In Venice, they let God see the pranks they do not want to show their husbands.
You did it. My bones bear witness, that since then he has felt the vigour of his rage.
In voices well divulged, free, learned, and valiant
In more weighty things, you will say a beggar nay.
In what chapter of his bosom?
In what part of her body stands Ireland?
What is that, dear lord?
In which array, brave soldier, lie he is, he is laying the plain, and by his bloody side, he is buried to his honor-owing wounds.
In which regard,
I should ask you to name your name.
In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words.
Are you in your dumps?
In your kingdom, sir.
We are spoiled.
Incapable and shallow innocent people, you cannot guess who caused your father’s death.
He is not fit.
She is a very fresh and delicate creature.
He has a good name.
He is so.
He praised both of them with excellent praises.
I am no mourner for that news, because they are still my adversaries.
I will never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him — dead — and I am my poor heart for a kinsman vexed.
I would have asked you that before.
Yes, sirs, but this is a problem for me.
It is a strange time.
Yes, my lord, it followed hard.
I think it is a very absolute horse.
You made me believe so, my lord.
I was coming to your house.
That is not the case.
The French may give twenty crowns to one of them, because they bear them on their shoulders.
They are disproportioned.
They say the senators will decide tomorrow whether Caesar will be king, and he will wear his crown by sea and land in every place except here in Italy.
I am a sword.
Yes!
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
Infect her beauty, you sucked fogs drawn by the powerful sun, to fall and blister!
Infer that England is fair by this alliance.
Infirm of purpose!
Infirmity, that decays the wise, makes the better fool.
Inform her of my particular fear, and add such reasons of your own, as you can do it more.
Have you heard of them?
He is a fox.
You are more hideous when you show up in a child than the sea monster.
Ink and paper, Charmian.
Ask me if I am a poor gentleman, who will marry Clarence's daughter.
Ask the Jew’s house out.
Instance, briefly.
Intelligence is given where you are hid.
Intend a kind of zeal both to the Prince and Claudio, as in love with your brother’s honor, who made this match, and his friend’s reputation, who is thus like to be cozened
I will break the monster one word further and turn my mercy out of my doors and make a stockfish of you.
In a thousand parts divide one man, and make imaginary power.
I have forgotten a thousand words.
I will be in my grave.
What dangers would you lead me, Cassius, to have me seek out what is not in me?
Invest me in my sleeve.
Invoque his warlike spirit and your great-uncle, Edward the Black Prince, played a tragedy on the French ground, making defeat on the full power of France while his most mighty father on a hill Stood
Iras, long goodbye.
Isn’t he coming to this?
Isn’t he coming to this?
Isn’t you far away?
Is that a frightened man?
Isn’t it gone?
Isn’t it good or bad?
Doesn’t it feel like that lead contains her?
Isn’t it long or round?
Isn’t it lost?
Isn’t it not denied against us?
Isn’t enough, isn’t enough, young man, that I never did, nor can I, look sweet from Demetrius' eye.
Isn’t Hortensio?
isn’t he not perfect enough to quit with this arm?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t king the king?
Isn’t it not done?
Isn’t that your trick?
Isn’t it possible that you would like her on a so little acquaintance?
Isn’t it possible you will be away tonight?
Isn’t that possible, friend Litio, that mistress Bianca Doth, who is not Lucentio?
Isn’t it possible, my lord?
Isn’t it possible?
Isn’t it possible?
Isn’t it possible?
Isn’t it possible?
Isn’t that so saucy?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t it?
Isn’t that so, my lords of England?
Isn’t it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is all our company here?
Is all the counsel that we have shared, the vows of the sisters, the hours we have spent when we have chid the slapped time for parting us?
Is all the time ready for the royal time?
Is Antony or we in fault for this?
Is Banquo gone from court?
Is Brutus sick?
Is Caesar yet to go to the Capitol?
Is Cassius near?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he a symphony?
Is he coming home yet?
Is he coming?
Is he dead?
Is he gone and has nothing?
Is he gone?
Is he married?
Is he not a profane and liberal counselor?
Is he not able to discharge the money?
Is he not a villain, who has slandered, scorned, dishonored my kinswoman?
Is he not here?
Is he not honest?
Is he jealous?
Is he not light of brain?
Is he of God’s making?
Is he pursued?
Is he well shipped?
Is he well?
Is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard?
Is in his retirement marvelously distempered.
Is ink and paper ready?
Is it a custom?
Is it a man?
Is it a true thing?
Is it a world to hide virtues in?
Is it answered?
Is it coming to this?
Is it the conclusion that he will be Protector?
Is that so?
Is that even so?
Is it a good idea, the threefold world divided, he should stand one of the three to share it?
Is it for him you envy me?
Is it four o'clock?
Is it good e'en?
Is it his use?
Is it honest in act and in word?
Is it my mother?
Is it new and old too?
Is it more than that than this, a tardiness in nature that leaves the history of Burgundy unspoken.
Is it not as bad as this mouth should tear this hand for lifting food to a nut?
Is it not hard, Nerissa, to choose one or refuse none?
Is it Hero?
Is it not like the king?
Is it not past two o'clock?
Is it not strange, Canidius, that from Tarentum and Brundusium he could cut the Ionian sea so quickly and take in Toryne? You have heard on ’t, sweet
Is it possible that a cur can lend three thousand ducats to a man?
Is it possible if I sould love de enemy of France?
Is it possible that any villainy is so dear?
Is it possible?
Is it so brave?
Is it so long?
Is it so nominated in the bond?
Is that so, countrymen?
Is it the way that discarded fathers should have so little mercy on their flesh?
Isn’t it?
Isn’t it two days ago since I tripped up your heels and beat you before the king?
Is it a record, or is it reported that he built it from age to age?
Is it within reason and compass?
Is it your dear friend who is in trouble?
Is it your own inclination?
Is love a tender thing?
Is my father well?
Is my lord angry?
Is my lord well, that he speaks so wide?
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Is marriage honorable in a beggar?
Isn’t that he who lies on the ground?
Isn’t he?
Is that neighborly?
Is that strange?
Is the leaf turned down where I left reading?
Isn’t their climate sluggish, raw, and dull, on whom, as in spite, the sun looks pale, killing their fruit with frowns?
Is this not a bad thing?
Is this man jealous?
Isn’t this something more than fantasy?
Is this Stephano, my drunken butler?
Isn’t this the day that Hermia should give her a choice?
Is that true?
Is that true?
Isn’t that good?
Isn’t tomorrow the ides of March?
Is your husband mad?
Is your lord honorable without marriage?
Is my doublet as fresh as the first day I wore it?
Is now a god, Cassius is a wretched creature and must bend his body if Caesar is a god, but he will not be a god.
Is Romeo slaughtered, and Tybalt dead?
Is Rosaline, whom you love so dear, so soon forsaken?
Is she as tall as me?
Is she a modest young lady?
Is she not apt?
Is she not proud?
Is she shrill-tongued or low?
Is she so hot a shrew as she is reported?
Is she to be buried in a Christian burial when she willfully seeks her own salvation?
Is Signior Lucentio within, sir?
Is supper ready, the house trimmed, rushes strewed, cobwebs swept, the servingmen in their new fustian, their white stockings, and every officer his wedding garment on?
Is that something now?
Is that his answer?
Is that my prize?
Is that the chain you promised me today?
Is that the law?
Is that the meaning of “accost”?
Is that the naked fellow?
Is that the most?
Is that true?
Is the chair empty?
Is the day so young?
Is the duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?
Is the king stirring, worthy thane?
Is the single man blessed?
Is the storm overblown?
Is the sword unwayed?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any reason in nature that makes these hard hearts?
Is there a man who has rebused your Worship?
Is there any ships that are going to be thrown tonight?
Is there any way to show such friendship?
Is there division between my lord and Cassio?
Is there more toil to do?
Is there any offense in it?
Is there no respect for place, persons, or time in you?
Is there any woman here to give her?
Is there any charms by which the property of youth and motherhood may be abused?
Is this a dagger that I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
Is this a holiday?
Is this a prologue or the posy of a ring?
Is that certain?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we sent to for his ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the monument of Leonato?
Is this the noble Moor, whom our senate calls all in all.
Is this the poultice for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is that true?
Is that true?
Is this well done?
Is this your speeding?
Is your master coming?
Is your master stirring?
Is your name Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is your news good, or bad?
Is your union here?
Is the man yondering?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?
Is your man secret?
is your merry humor altered?
Is your name Goneril?
Is Shylock your name?
Is a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal.
It is only your ear.
It is a good idea to go away with it, as if it was worth it alone.
It becomes the throned monarch better than his crown.
I will never begin if I hold my peace.
It came from the heart of her heart, and she is dead.
It is not possible, but you have murdered him.
It is not possible that she has done you wrong.
It is not.
It is not.
It is not.
It is not.
It is not.
Is that something you have to do?
It curves unseasonably.
It seemed to us always.
It did my trespass.
It came to his hands, and commands will be executed.
It did, it did.
It is, my boy.
It is, my lord.
It seems you are a worthy judge.
It is not for me.
It rains as the rain rains from heaven swells beneath the place.
It eats and sleeps and has such senses as we have, such.
It faded on the cock.
It fell upon a little western flower, before milk-white, now purple with love’s wound.
The cat must stay at home.
It gives me wonder as much as my content to see you here before me.
It is not going forward.
It hangs like flax on a sand.
It harrows me with fear and wonder.
It has been taught us from the primal state that he was wished until he was, and the ebbed man, ne’er loved till ne’er worth love, comes to be dea
It was the untimely emptying of the happy throne and the fall of many kings.
It made me mad.
It is not a tongue to vex you.
It has not appeared.
It is the eldest curse upon you, a brother’s murder.
It is “music with her silver sound” because musicians have no gold for sounding.
It is “never tire.”
It is a beast for Perseus.
It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, a charitable duty of my order.
It is a business that is a bit of a heat.
It is a common thing, Ha?
It is a creature that does not kill Cassio, as it is the plague of the strumpets to beguile many and be beguiled by one.
It is a fault that comes from your eye.
It is a good divine who follows his own instructions.
It is a great price for a small vice.
It is a flood.
It is a hint that wrings my eyes to a good deal.
It is a kind of history.
It is a letter from my brother that I have not read.
It is a man’s office, but not yours.
It is a wheel that is fixed on the summit of the highest mount, to which ten thousand lesser things are mortised and adjacent, which, when it falls, each small annexment, petty consequence, attends
It is a monster that is born on itself.
It is a sharp sauce.
It is a nipping and an eager air.
It is a smear, a custard-coffin, a bauble, a silken pie.
It is a poison tempered by himself.
It is a pretty young boy, not very pretty, but he is sure he is proud, and yet his pride becomes him.
It is a world that is reeling, my lord, and I believe that it will never stand upright until Richard wears the garland of the realm.
It is a tale of an idiot who is a little spooky and furious.
It is a theme as fluent as the sea.
It is a wise father who knows his own child.
It is almost morning, and yet I am sure you are not satisfied with all of these events.
It is a habitual act with her to seem like washing her hands.
It is an honor that I do not dream of.
It is as easy as lying.
It is backed like a weasel.
He and she are both your son and daughter.
It is Brabantio.
It is only change, Titinius, because Octavius is overthrown by Brutus' noble power, as Cassius' legions are by Antony.
It is only trash.
It is called Wye at Monmouth, but it is out of my prains what is the name of the other river.
It is Captain Macmorris, is it?
It is concluded.
It is determined, not yet concluded
If it is proved against an alien that by direct or indirect attempts He seeks the life of any citizen, the party 'gainst the which he does contrively, Shall take half his goods.
It is even so.
It is gone.
It is good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb.
It is good to grow.
It is here, Hamlet.
It is heresy.
It is his hand, my lord, but I hope his heart is not in the contents.
It is his.
It is hypocrisy against the devil.
It is impossible to bear it out.
It is impossible to see this, if they were as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys, as salt as wolves in pride, and fools as gross as ignorance made drunk.
It is impossible.
It is cold, my lord.
It is so high as it is and moves with its own organs.
It is meat and drink to me to see a clown.
It is a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.
It is more worthy to leap in ourselves than to tarry until they push us.
It is much more than reason to think of the Moor.
It is my arm.
It is my birthday.
It is my day, my life.
It is my duty, sir.
It is my fashion when I see a crab.
It is my lady.
It is my promise, and they expect it from me.
It is my wretched fortune.
It is not necessary that you plan the season for your own harvest.
It is not a joke to say we are.
It is no hidden virtue in him.
It is no matter how witty it is, so it is eloquent and full of invention.
It is no matter what.
It is no matter what.
It is no mean happiness to be seated in the mean.
It is no shame.
It is not day.
It is not day.
It is not for you.
It is not your health to commit your weak condition to the cold morning.
It is not friendly, it is not a girl.
It is not honesty in me to speak what I have seen and known.
It is not lost, but what would it be?
It is not you who know how Caesar loved you.
It is not moonlight now.
It is not good, nor can it come to good, but break my heart, because I must hold my tongue.
It is not possible.
It is not seen enough
It is not so expressed, but what about that?
It is not very strange.
It is not good, mark you now, to take the tales out of my mouth if it is made and finished.
It is not yet near day.
It is now high suppertime, and the night becomes a waste.
It is now two hours.
It is offended.
It is a miracle that you were saved.
It is proved my Lady Hero has been falsely accused, the Prince and Claudio have been abused and Don John is the author of all who is fled and gone.
It is shaped like itself, and it is as broad as it is.
It is so.
It is so.
It is so.
It is so.
It is a meteor that the sun exhilarates to be to you this night a torchbearer, and light you on your way to Mantua.
It is something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose.
It is the best horse in Europe.
It is the sun.
It is the bright day that brings forth the adder and craves a sigh of relief.
It is the cry of women, my good lord.
It is the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It is the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and aunchient prerogatives and laws of the wars are not kept.
It is the green-eyed monster who mocks the meat it feeds on.
It is the lady Pyramus must love.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, preventing harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
It is more like being feigned.
It is the most impenetrable cur ever kept with men.
It is the part of men to fear and tremble when the most mighty gods send such dreadful heralds to astonish us.
It is the prince of palfreys.
It is the quality of the climate.
It is the right butter-women’s rank to market.
It is the rival of my love.
It is the wittiest partition I ever heard, my lord.
It is to be all about faith and service, and so am I for Phoebe.
It is to be made of fantasy, all of passion and all of wishes, all adoration, duty, and respect, all humbleness, all patience and impatience, all purity, all trial, all respect, and so am
It is to be made of tears and sighs, and so am I for Phoebe.
It is too hard for me to untie!
It is too heavy for your Grace to wear.
It is too late.
It is too rough, too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like a horn.
It is too true a evil.
It is twice blessed: it blesses him that gives and takes him.
It is hot.
It is very sultry—as twere—I cannot tell how.
It is very true.
It is well done and fitting for a princess from so many royal kings.
It is good.
It is with good intentions.
It is worth the pains.
It is written that the shoemaker should be able to go with his yard and the tailor with his last, the fisher with his pencil and the painter with his nets.
It is Orlando, who ripped up the wrestler’s heels and your heart in a moment.
It is your music, madam, of the house.
It is, and wants, but nomination.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
It is.
It is a good thing to give over.
It lies in you.
It looks a little more sluggish.
It makes me mad.
It makes us, or it makes us.
It is possible his enemy is a gentleman of great quality, from the answer of his degree.
I will be bringing you by and by business to my brother Cassius.
It may be so, my lord.
It is worth your pains, because I can sing and speak to him in many different ways that will make me feel worthy of his service.
It may be, these apparent prodigies, the unaccustomed terror of this night, and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him from the Capitol today.
It may be, very similar.
It may be called Jove’s tree when it drops such fruit out.
It might have been been a long time since we were able to repay what we took from them, which was the most important thing in our city.
It is possible, my lord.
It would be nice to him that you make a staff to be able to work on.
It must appear in other ways than words, so I have a little patience.
It must be Nay, but hear you, Goodman Delver— Give me leave.
It must be by his death, and for my part I have no reason to scream at him, but for the general.
It must be known to him in the coming days from England what is the issue of the business there.
It must be so, because miracles are stopped, and we must admit the way things are perfected.
It must be thought about.
It must be your imagination, and not their imagination.
It must be of subtle, tender and delicate temperance.
I invite you to join me.
It now draws towards night.
It is our life to use our strongest hands.
It is your Worship to say that, but we are the poor duke’s officers.
It is not so.
It provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance.
It ripens towards it.
It seemed she was a queen over her passion, who, rebel-like, strove to be king o'er her.
It seems he has great care to please his wife.
It seems to be not wholesome to me to be producted (as if I stay, I will) Against the Moor.
It seems that you have scorned me.
It seems that we sleep, but we dream.
It rarely visits sorrow.
It will be more than just a mistake.
It will be more than ever benefiting you from the letter.
It will be called “Bottom’s Dream” because it has no bottom.
It will be done, my lord.
It will be done.
It will be done.
It is said his judgment ruled our hands.
I will be seven if I go to horse.
It will be so.
It will be good for you, for my father’s house and all the money that was old Sir Rowland’s will I estate upon you, and here live and die a shepherd.
It will do well.
It will be hard to get “Cambio” without her.
It will lose you nothing.
It will not need to be.
It will be to the barber, with your beard.
It shines everywhere.
He is drowned, and these are devils.
It should seem that Dobbin’s tail grows backward.
It is good, does it?
It is good with your fierceness.
It is no longer sounding like it waits on some god o' th' island.
It stops me here, it is too much of joy.
It struck mine ear most terribly.
It draws near the season where the spirit held his wont to walk.
It touches you, my lord, as much as me.
It was a vision fair and fortunate.
It was about to speak when the cock crew arrived.
It was divided between her heart and lips.
It was a great ignorance, Gloucester’s eyes being out, to let him live.
He made us a treason, who is too good to pity you.
It was his bid.
I will be so bold as to wear it in my cap until I see him again, and then I will tell him a little about my desires.
When I arrived and heard you, I made a gap between the pines and let you out.
It was my duty, sir.
It was my turquoise.
It was not brought me, my lord.
It was ours and you did abuse.
It was a fiend.
It was the nightingale, and not the lark, that pierced the fearful hollow of your ear.
I left him two years ago, and now the clock strikes one.
It was good done, and you will again sleep.
It was wont be enough to hold me, but one tells twenty.
It was, as I have seen it in his life, a sable silvered.
It was, please, your highness.
It was.
It waves me back.
It is still a good thing.
It weary me
It bleeds, and every new day she gets a gash.
It appears well.
It was a better death than die with mocks, which is as bad as die with tickling.
It was a delicate stratagem to shoe a horse with felt.
It was a tedious difficulty to bring them to that prospect.
It was a good thing to say so to the Moor.
It was good that Benedick knew it by some other, if she didn’t know it.
It was a shame to cast them away for nothing, though they should be valued for nothing.
It was too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.
It was good for the general.
It was a hard condition for a maid to consign to.
It will rain tonight.
It will be short.
It will make you melancholy, Monsieur Jaques.
It would be spoken to.
It would become me as well as you, and I would do it with more ease, because my good will is to it and yours it is against.
It would make a man mad as a buck to be bought and sold.
It would seem strange to him when he wakes up.
It’s nine o’clock.
It is suppertime, my lord.
It’s the wind.
It is true, good lieutenant.
If you are a man, look at him.
If you are a man, look at him.
James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey, will have the leading of this foot and horse.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter, Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury and Sir William Brandon.
Jove and my stars should be praised!
Jove bless you, master Parson.
Jove shields you well for this!
Jove, thank you!
Jove, Jove, this shepherd’s passion is a big part of my fashion.
Jove’s lightning, the precursors of dreadful thunderclaps, more momentary and sight-outrunning were not.
Judge me the world if it is not gross in sense that you have abused her with foul charms, and have abusing her delicate youth with drugs or minerals that weakens her motion.
Judge me, you gods!
Judge, O you gods, how much Caesar loved him.
Judgment?
Juliet!
Juno and Ceres whisper seriously.
I am just as heartbroken.
Just, just, and the men sympathize with the mastiffs in a savage and rough manner coming on, leaving their wits with their wives.
Just be the girl.
Justice, the most sacred duke, is against the Abbess.
Kate likes the hazel-twig, straight and slender, and brown in hue as hazel nuts, and sweeter than the kernels.
Katherine his daughter and her family, to dowry, some petty and unprofitable dukedoms.
Katherine the curst!” A title for a maid of all titles the worst.
Keep close, I will.
Keep me in temper.
Keep peace, upon your life.
Keep promise, love.
Keep you warm.
Keep you the right.
Keep your word.
Keep your cabins.
Keep your purse.
Keep your word, Phoebe, that you will marry me or, if you refuse, wed this shepherd.
Keep your word, Silvius, that you will marry her if she refuses me.
Kent was banished so?
Kent, father, sisters!
Kent, on your life, no more.
Kent, sir, was banished by the king, who in disguise followed his enemy king and did him service Improper for a slave.
Kill Brutus and be honored in his death.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow. Let me live tonight.
Kill men i' m dark!
Kill the poys and the luggage!
Kill!
have you killed a cat?
Killing swine.
Kind and dear princess!
Let’s go see poor Cassio dressed. Come, mistress, you must tell another tale.
Please, gentlemen, your pains are registered where I turn the leaf every day to read them.
Dear sister, thanks.
Kind souls, what, weep you when you see our Caesar’s vesture wounded?
Isn’t it happy to hear your news?
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, will win my love, and so I take my leave, in resolution as I swore before.
King Lear has lost his daughter, he and his daughter.
It makes gods, and kings of more meaner creatures.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Do not let you go, gentle Portia.
Kneel to the duke before he passes the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
You are here, sir?
Knock, I say.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
Know him, I am sure of it.
Know him?
Know I are those men who come along with you?
Know me for Brutus!
Know your youth.
Know the glove!
I knew that when I came to you, a man was prepared to take this offer, but Mark Antony put me to some impatience.
Know so far: By accident, most strange, bountiful Fortune (Now my dear lady) has mine enemies Brought to this shore.
Know we are this face or not?
Know you, count?
Know you, Hero?
Know you before whom, sir?
Know you him?
Know you not that he has?
Know you are not the cause?
Know you not to some kind of men who are worthy of their grace, but to be enemies?
Know what Caesar means to do with me?
Know you where you are, sir?
Know, Claudio, to your head, you have so wronged mine innocent child and me that I am forced to lay my reverence by, and with gray hairs and bruises of many days Do not challenge you to trial of
Know, my hearts, I hope for tomorrow and will lead you where I will expect victorious life than death and honor.
Know, my long lord, The marquess Dorset, as I hear, is fled to Richmond, in the parts where he is living.
Know, sir, that I am called Hortensio.
Know, sir, that I will not wait pinioned at your master’s court, nor be chastised once with the sober eye of dull Octavia.
Know you are Fluellen?
Know you Gower?
Know you have a mind?
Know you are not one who corrupting gold will tempt you to a close exploit of death?
Know you are not guilty of fines for my ashes.
Know you are not the duke who banished me, his daughter?
Know you are on the way to Dover?
Know you the youth who spoke to me erewhile?
Know you this country?
I was a little ill-fated.
Labio and Flavio, set our battles on.
Have you wept all this while?
Lady, amen.
Lady, come from that nest of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
Lady, will I lie in your lap?
Lady, were you last night's sleepy night?
Lady, will you walk a bout with your friend?
Lady, you come to be married to this count?
Lady, you have no rules of charity, which make good for bad, blessings for curses.
Lady!
Laertes, I must share your grief, or you refuse to give me right.
Last night, when he and I had made his way to heaven where it burns, Marcellus and me, the bell beat one, Peace, break you off.
Last night she did not sleep, nor tonight she will.
Last thing he did, dear Queen, was kissing this orient pearl.
Hear to shame the power of man, because none of the women born will harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I are out.
Give your bitter foe a breath.
Lay the gown.
Lay your hand on the heart, advise.
Lay her a-hold, a-hold!
Lay her i' th' earth, and from her fair and unpolluted flesh, May violets spring!
Lay on Macduff, and damned be him that first cries, “Hold, enough!” I would be safe to arrive the friends we miss.
Lay them in gore, since you have shore with shears his thread of silk.
Lay your finger on the other hand, and let your soul be instructed.
Le chien est retourné à son propre édifice, et la truie lavée au bourbier.
Le Roy?
Lead away.
Lead him to my bower.
Lead me from there.
Lead me on.
Lead me on.
Lead me to my chamber.
Lead me.
Lead the way.
Lead, monster
Lear’s shadow.
Learn it, learn it, and make it.
Learn about the wise and perpenditive: civet is a baser birth than tar, the very uncleanly flux of a cat.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to heaven and to those thorns that prick and sting her in her bosom lodge.
Leave him to my displeasure.
Leave holloaing, man.
Leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon.
Leave me alone to woo him.
Leave me and do what I want you to do.
Leave me with a rush.
Leave me, I pray, a little.
Leave me, I say.
Leave me, Iago.
Leave you your power to draw, and I will not have power to follow you.
Leave you!
Leave, gentle wax, and, manners, blame us not.
Lechery, sir, provokes and unprovokes.
Lechery!
He is a man and his fins are like arms.
Give me a look-glass.
Lend me a cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me a handkerchief.
Lend me your hand.
Lend your ear.
Lend your hand and pluck my magic garment from me.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I here?
Lepidus flatters both, Of both is flattered, but neither loves, nor cares for him.
Lepidus is high-colored.
You are less aware of your grace and knowledge than our earth’s wonder, more than earth divine.
Were less than Macbeth and greater.
If you do not get choleric, you should buy me another dry basting.
Let 'em enter.
Let’s not be so, good Caporal Nym.
Let all the rest of us give place.
Let’s go.
Let the commons hear this testament, which, pardon me, I do not want to read, and they would go and kiss dead Caesar’s wounds and dip their napkins in his sacred blood, Yea, beg 
Let copulation thrive, because Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to his father than my daughters got tween the lawful sheets.
Let each man give me his bloody hand.
Let every eye nogulate for itself and trust no agent, because beauty is a witch whose charms faith melts into blood.
Let every man be master of his time until seven at night.
Let every soldier hew him down a bough and bear t before him.
Let your blade fall on vulnerable crests
Let floods o'erswell and fiends for food go on!
Let four captains bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage, because he was likely to have been a royal.
Let go his arm.
Let me go.
Let’s go when a great wheel runs down a hill, so that it doesn’t break your neck with following it.
Let go, slave, or you die!
Let go!
Let good Antonio look at his day, or he will pay for it.
Let grief turn into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils, let them all cry shame against me, yet I will speak.
Let her alone.
Let her be kept secretly in the dark and publish that she is dead.
Let her be round with him, and I will be placed in the ear of all their conferences.
Let her be thin, because we have no such daughter, and we will never see that face again.
Let her hang me.
Let her have your voice.
Let her know he will fill your wishes with principalities.
Let her live to join our kingdoms and our hearts, and never fly off our love again!
Let her not say ’tis I that keeps you here.
Let her not walk i' th' sun.
Let her send it.
Let her see it.
Let him go alone for a while.
Let him alone, because I remember how he is employed.
Let him alone.
Let him answer me. Come, follow me, boy.
Let him appear that is coming from Antony.
Let him approach.
Let him approach.
Let him be Caesar!
Let him be the devil, an he will, I do not care.
Let him bless you too.
Let him come in.
Let him come when he will, I will not give you anything.
Let him come, and kindly.
Let him command, and obey shall be in me remorse, what bloody business ever.
Let him cry, “Praise and glory on his head!” For forth he goes and visits all his host, offers them good morrow with a modest smile, and calls them brothers, friends, and countrymen.
Let him do his job.
Let him fly far.
Let him go and he prefers his suit to Caesar.
Let him go up to the public chair.
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Let him kill one first.
Let him let the matter slip, and I will give him my horse, gray Capilet.
Let him look at his bond.
Let him come near me.
Let him not leave out the color of her hair.
Let him not pass, but kill him more.
Let him send no more than that, unless you come back to me again to tell me how he takes it.
Let him speak, my lord, that I have nothing to do with myself.
Let him take you and hoist you up to the shouting plebeians!
Let him thank me, that holp to send him to the other side, because he was better for that place than earth.
Let him who loves me strike me dead.
Let him write down the Prince’s officer “coxcomb.” Come, bind them.
Let his shames drive him to Rome.
Let housewifery appear.
Let husbands know their wives have sense like them.
Let it alone, you fool.
Let it be alone.
Let it appear.
Let it be a dispute between us, if you live.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be who it is.
Let it be written in eight and eight.
Let it go down.
Let it fall, though the fork invades the region of my heart.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Let it go, Brutus.
Let me tell you that I do not trust you.
Let it work, because it is the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard.
Let life be short, and shame will be too long.
Let Lucius and Titinius guard our door.
Let me alone.
Let me alone.
Let me ask you one word in private.
Let me be clear of you.
Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all.
Let me be put to death.
Let me be satisfied.
Let me be ta'en.
Let me be your servant.
Let me beg you not to do so.
Let me do it hard, but within this hour it will be good.
Let me meet you ladies one hour later, and I will salute your Grace of York as mother and reverend looker-on, of two fair queens.
Let me only ask one question to your daughter, and by that fatherly and kindly power that you have in her, she will answer her answer.
Let me come to her.
Let me follow you in this shamble—in my best interest to the players, who, I tell you, must show fairly outwards, should appear more like entertainment than yours.
Let me deal with this.
Let me dispute with you of your estate.
Let me embrace old Vincentio and wander around to see your honest son, who will be full joyous.
Let me endure your wrath, if not so.
Let me enjoy my private life.
Let me share your thoughts.
Let me share your thoughts.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, sir, or I will knock you o'er the mazzard.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me have a audience for a word or two.
Let me have open means to come to them, and I will soon be free from the fear of them.
Let me have surgeons.
Let me have your hand.
Let me hear Agrippa speak further.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hire him too.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here ever.
Let me love him for that, and do you love him because I do.
Let me not burst in ignorance, but tell you why your canonized bones, hearsed in death, have burst their cerements
Let me not hinder you, Cassius.
Let me not name it to you, you chaste stars, it is the cause.
Let me not stay a jot for dinner.
Let me not, since my dukedom got and pardoned the deceiver, dwell in this bare island by your spell, but release me from my bands with the help of your good hands.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask more in particular.
Let me report to him your sweet dependency, and you will find a conqueror who will pray in aid for kindness where he is kneeled for grace.
Let me say “Amen” betimes, so that the devil will not cross my prayer, because here he comes in the likeness of a Jew.
Let me see you.
Let me see her.
Let me see his eyes, so that when I see another man like him, I can avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let me see now.
Let me see the caper.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see—what do you think of falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me do that.
Let me sit down.
Let me speak a little.
Let me speak like you and lay a sentence which may be a slap or a step to help these lovers.
Let me speak proudly: tell the constable we are only warriors for the day of work
Let me stand here until you remember it.
Let me stay the growth of his beard, if you delay me not knowing his chin.
Let me take away the harms I fear, and not fear.
Let me tell you, Cassius, you are very condemned to have a smear palm, to sell and mart your offices for gold to undeserved.
Let me wipe it first.
Let me work.
Let me know you, if you are bound.
If I am not by birth, I will have lands by wit.
Let music sound while he makes his choice.
Let no fair be kept in mind, but the fair of Rosalind.
Let no man be trusted.
Let no presume to wear an undeserved dignity.
Let me not be a bad boy again, but I will be a bad boy.
Let not that doctor come near my house!
Let’s not hear these telltale women’s tales on the Lord’s apprehensive side.
Let the Nurse not lie with you in your chamber.
Let’s not let the royal bed of Denmark be a couch for luxury and damned incest.
Let our best heads know that tomorrow is the last of many battles we will fight.
Let us catch the phrase “You Knave.” “Hold your peace, you Knave,” knight?
Let our officers know what we are doing.
Let us remember our reciprocal vows.
Let pity not be believed.
Let pride, which she calls plainness, marry her.
Let Rome be informed.
Let some of my people take care of him.
Let sorrow split my heart if I hated you or your father.
Let us draw specialties between us, so that covenants can be kept on either hand.
Let the woman take an elder than herself.
Let your Egyptians go a-ducking.
Let that appear hereafter, and I will be able to see what I will do.
Let that be left which leaves itself.
Let that suffice you.
Let the doors be shut upon him, so he can play the fool nowhere in his own house.
Let the garden door be closed, and leave me to my hearing.
Let the great gods that keep this dreadful pudder o'er our heads find out their enemies now.
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, laugh at his challenge.
Let the trumpet sound.
Let the world see His nobleness well acted, which your death will never let come forth.
Let their beds be made as soft as yours and let their palates be seasoned with such a sour cream.
Let their heads be slickly combed, their blue coats brushed and their snagged robes of a different knit.
Let them affright you.
Let them be hunted soundly.
Let them start.
Let them come before Master Constable.
Let them come in.
Let them curl with their left legs and not presume to touch a hair of my master’s horse-tail until they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Let them not live to taste this land’s increase, and that would wound this fair land’s peace with treason.
Let them play it.
Let them start to move together, because I see a cold wing in Octavius' wing, and a sudden push gives them the victory.
Let this happen.
Let this fellow be nothing of our strife.
Let this shambled hour stand aye in the calendar!
Let your blood and spirit embrace them.
Let us all embrace it.
Let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him.
Let us be jocund.
Let us be sacrificers, but not slaughterers, Caius.
Let us be satisfied!
Let us bear him to your court of guard.
Let us come in, so that we can bind him fast and bear him home for his recovery.
Let us deal with justity.
Let us die.
Let us go in, and charge us there upon interrogations, and we will answer all things faithfully.
Let’s sit here on the bench until two and then go to bed.
Let us go, because it is after midnight, and he will awaken and be sure of him.
Let us go.
Let us hear him.
Let us hear what Antony can say.
Let us hear, sweet Bottom.
Let us leave him.
Let us not break with him, because he will never follow anything that other men begin.
Let us not burden our memories with a heaviness that has gone.
Let us not leave him out.
Let us stay and see it.
Let us go on heaps of stuff offer our lives.
Let us lay our lives, our souls, our debts, our careful wives, our children, and our sins on the king!
Let us quit all and give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Let us rather hold the mortal sword and, like good men, bestride our downfall's birthdom.
Let’s score their backs and snatch ’em up, as we take hares, behind.
Let us see.
Let’s look at some shade and leave our sad bosoms empty.
Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel, so that her gifts can be given equally.
Let us swear that you are worth your breeding, which I doubt is not true.
Let us take the law of our sides.
Let us eat and drink.
Let us go to the field.
Let us go to the great supper.
Let us go towards the king.
Let us withdraw.
Let us, Lepidus, not be without your company.
Let the ills of heart tuck the sinless rushes with their heels.
Let witchcraft join beauty, lust with both.
Let your epilogue alone.
Let your highness command upon me, to the level I have to do with a tidal that is indissoluble.
Let your wedding be tomorrow.
Let’s all sink wi' th king.
Let’s go alone, and do the murder first.
Let’s go and get together our jewels and our wealth together, and make sure we are in the safest and most secure place to hide us from my pursuits.
Let’s start with a manly readiness and meet i' th' hall together.
Let’s call more help to get them back.
Let’s make him a dish that is fit for the gods, not a carcass that is suitable for hounds.
Let’s do so.
Let’s draw our weapons.
Let’s follow it, and after doing our work.
Let’s follow the old earl and get the Bedlam to lead him where he would.
Let’s follow, Gertrude.
Let’s follow.
Let’s not, good soldier.
Let’s not, good Grumio.
Let’s do nothing more than that, let’s look at our affairs.
Let’s have the tongs and the bones.
Let’s hear him, because the things he speaks may concern Caesar.
Let’s hear it.
Let’s not have discipline, make no delay, because, lords, tomorrow is a busy day.
Let’s make us med'cines of our great revenge, to cure this deadly grief.
Let’s meet as little as we can.
Let’s meet him and receive him.
Let’s mock the midnight bell.
Let’s not consort with them.
Let’s see for means.
Let’s see this saying, graved in gold, “Who chooses me will gain what many men desire.” Why, that’s the lady.
Let’s see these pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s talk to him.
Let’s stab ourselves ourselves.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let’s take him off.
Let’s talk.
Let’s decide with the ancient of war on our proceedings.
Let’s think it is unsafe to come in to the cry without more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let’s go to billiards.
Let’s be a bounty tonight at our meal.
Let’s withdraw, my lord.
Letters from Hamlet, my lord.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Do not sleep a night from home.
lie on her?
Let them lie on your hand and be wiped out by 'em!
Here is the trout that must be caught with tickling.
You are there.
Let her lie with her.
Do you have a good time with her?
Do you have a relationship with her?
I am here to help.
Life and these lips have been separated for years.
Life, living, all is Death’s.
Light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn: ergo, light wenches will burn.
Light, gentlemen, I will bind it with my shirt.
Light, I say, light!
Light!
Lights, lights, lights!
Like a drowned man, a fool and a madman.
Like aqua vitae with a midwife.
Like her?
Like one of two competing in a prize that thinks he has done well in people’s eyes, hearing applause and universal shout, Giddy in spirit, still gazing in a doubt Whether these pearls of
He was neither sad nor merry.
Lips, do not move
List a brief tale, and when I tell you, oh, that my heart would burst!
List a word.
List his discourse of war, and you will hear a fearful battle rendered you in music.
List, list, list, O, list!
I was not afraid of them when they said, “God bless us!”
Listen, but not to a tad.
“No, Isn’t it?
Live a little, comfort a little, cheer yourself a little.
If I live a thousand years, I will not find myself so apt to die.
Live you, I live.
Live, and hereafter say A madman’s mercy bid you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
He lives, good uncle?
He lives?
Does my sweet son live?
Lives, sir.
You are right!
Lo you, here she comes.
I lie, never to rise again.
Here on your cheek, the stifle is a tear that is not slammed yet.
Here’s the chain.
Now, lo!
Lo, she is one of this confederacy.
Lo, where he comes from!
Lo, where it comes again.
Lo, yonder, and Titinius mourn it.
Locked in her monument.
Long live the king!
Long love does so.
Since your husband served me in my wars, I have been to you with a prince’s word, when you made him master of your bed, to do him all the grace and good I could.
He was so long gone.
Longer, longer.
Look behind you, my lord.
Look down, you gods, and on this couple drop a blessèd crown, because you are the ones who have wrought the way that brought us here.
Look at how he laughs already!
Look at how Caesar makes him.
Look at how our partner is rapting.
Look at how the heaven floor is thick in gold.
Look at how you dream!
Look at how your servants do to you, each in his office ready at your beck.
Isn’t I so pale, Lord Dorset, as the rest?
Look in my face.
Look in the almanac.
Look in the calendar and bring me word.
Look in on me and speak with me, or, naked as I am, I will assault you.
Look like a innocent flower, but be the serpent under it.
Look for a good edified fool when he delivers the madman.
You are sweet, and I am proof of their enmity.
If you do not, I will charge you.
Look to it.
Look to her, Moor, if you have eyes to see.
Look at my chattels and my movables.
Look at the lady.
Look to the queen there, ho!
Look to your house, your daughter, and your bags!
Look up a-height.
Look at Caesar.
Look what I have.
Look what I speak, or do, or think to do, you are still crossing it.
What is done now cannot be changed.
Look at him, he has not turned his color and tears in his eyes.
Look where he comes from.
Look where it comes again!
Look where she comes from.
Look where the youngest wren of nine comes from.
Look where they come from.
Look at who comes here.
Look with thin ears.
Look for any other issue?
Look at you here, here is himself, marred, as you see, by traitors.
Look at you who comes here, a young man and a young man in solemn talk.
Look you, Cassio, and my husband!
If you take the matter out of the way, Captain Macmorris, I will think you do not use me with that affability, as long as you have discretion, and you should use me.
You, sad friends, The gods rebuke me, but it is a tiding to wash the eyes of kings.
Look you, she loved Tybalt, and I loved it.
Look you, sir, I was there.
Look at you, the worm is not to be trusted, but to be kept in the best interests of wise people, because there is no goodness in the worm.
Look, and you will see.
Look, Don Pedro is returned to seek you.
Look, he recovers.
Look, he stirs.
Look, he wears cruel garters.
Here is a lover of mine and a lover of her.
Here is a fire.
Here is Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
Look, here I am.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she comes.
Look at how she rubs her hands.
Look, in this place, Cassius' dagger was thrown through.
Look, look, a mouse!
Look, look.
Look, love, what envious streaks do to lace the severing clouds in east.
Look, Lucius, here is the book I wanted to read.
Oh, my lord, it comes!
Look at the lady in my cell.
Look, sir, I bleed.
Look, they weep, and I am an ass.
When I vow, I weep.
Look, where he comes from.
Look, where she comes from.
Look, where your love comes from.
Look, with a spot I damn him.
Look at what kind of action it takes to get you to a more removed ground.
Look!
Have you ever looked like he was red or pale, sad or merrily?
Does he look as fresh as he did the day he wrestled?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost absolute Alexas, where is the soothsayer that you praised so to your Queen?
Lord Edmund said not to your lord at home?
Lord Hamlet, Heaven will protect him.
Lord Mayor, the reason we sent you is to look back!
Lord of his fortunes, he salutes you and demands to live in Egypt, which he refuses to grant, and to you he will sue to let him breathe between the heavens and earth.
Lord of lords!
Lord, how did you change?
Lord, how it looks about it.
Lord, let me never have a reason to sigh, until I am brought to such a silly pass!
Lord, Lord, she will be a joyful woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals?
Lord, what?
Lord, quoth he?
Lorenzo and Salerio, welcome here, if that the youth of my new interest here have power to offer you welcome.
Lorenzo certain, and my love indeed—Who love me so much?
Lorenzo, and your love.
Lorenzo, I commit to your work and manage my house until my lord returns.
Love cools, friendship falls off, brothers divide, in cities.
Love gives me strength, and strength will help me.
Love is a madness and, tell you, deserves as well a dark house and a whip as madmen do. The reason why they are not punished and cured is that the lunacy is so ordinary that the whip
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.
Love me or hate me, I like the cap, and it will be my job, or I will not have any.
Love news, in faith?
Love wrought these miracles.
Love, and be friends as two men should be.
Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity, in my capacity.
Love?
Love’s earbuds should be thoughts, which are ten times faster than the sun’s beams, driving back shadows over louring hills.
Love is not love when it is mingled with regards to the whole point.
If love is blind, it is best to agree with night.
Lovers, make moan.
Lovers, to bed.
Lucentio is your name.
Lucentio, sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, bid the commanders to lodge their companies tonight.
Lucius, awake.
Lucius, who is that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!
Lurk, lurk.
Lysander and I will fly this place.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, speak again!
Where is the best way to do all this?
Lysander’s love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena, who engilds the night more than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light.
M.O.A.I. This simulation is not as good as the first, and yet to crush it a little, it would bow to me, because every one of these letters is in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
M”—why, that begins my name.
Macbeth will come.
Macbeth is a good shaker, and the powers above are on their instruments.
Macbeth will never be beaten until the Great Birnam Woods will come against him.
Macbeth!
Macbeth!
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and your noble son is missing.
Machinations, hollowness, treachery, and all of our terrible ills follow us to our graves.
Is it true to madness?
What is your love?
What is she saying?
Madam, they say that I have dreamed and slept over fifteen years or more.
Madam, bethink you, like a careful mother, of the young prince your son.
Do you?
Good luck.
Good night.
Good night.
Madam, he is married to Octavia.
Madam, he is good.
Here comes my lord.
Here comes my lord.
Madam, his majesty calls for you, and for your Grace, and yours, my gracious lords.
Madam, how do you feel like you?
Madam, I am here.
I am very happy with your offer.
I am not good.
Madam, I will be able to hear your gentle thoughts on his behalf.
Madam, I go with all the conveniences.
I had rather seal my lips than speak something that is not.
I had rather, I know your lady does not love her husband.
I have a touch of your condition, which cannot brook the accent of reproof.
I heard her speak.
I trust you, not.
I will.
I will.
I will.
Madam, I wish it all.
I will take my leave.
If you could find out but a man to bear a poison, I would temper it, that Romeo should soon sleep in quiet.
Madam, what is that?
Madam, in Rome.
Madam, it fell out so quickly that certain players we o'erraught on the way.
Madam, madam— Antonio’s dead!
Madam, not now.
Madam, not yet.
Madam, O good Empress!
Madam, sleeps still.
Madam, I am so lucky in my business and have a dangerous success of bloody wars.
Madam, the young gentleman of the Count Orsino’s is returned.
Madam, a young gentleman wants to speak with you.
Madam, resent you and come to bed.
What should I do?
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with much ado.
Do not withdraw: the Prince, the Count, Signor Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town are coming to fetch you to church.
Madam, he swears he will speak with you.
You have done me wrong, notorious wrong.
Madam, you must come to your uncle.
Madam, your mother wants to speak with you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Is he king for this?
Have you made it for me, sir?
Did she have any questions?
I made you my guardians, my depositaries, but kept a reservation to be followed with such a number.
Have you been wronged?
Madman and beggar too.
Madman, you are a good man.
Maid’s mild behavior and sobriety.
Keep a mourning ostentation on your family’s old monument, and hang mournful epitaphs on your family’s old monument and do all rites that appert to a burial.
Make a short shrift.
Make all the money you can afford.
Make assay.
Make it clear.
Make good room.
Make it a priority, I say.
Make sure you are ready, so that my ears don’t get out of it.
Make sure you are ready, make sure you are ready.
Make it a priority.
Make her amends, she weeps.
Make him believe you are Sir Topas the curate.
Make it a word and a blow.
Make it no wonder.
Make it so known.
Make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul within the house.
Make me not offended by your distrust.
Make me see if I can see it, or at least prove it that the probation does not have any splinter or loop to hang a doubt on your life.
Make no comparison between that love a woman can bear me and that I owe Olivia.
Make no delay.
Make no noise, make no noise.
Make peace with God, because you must die, my lord.
Make that good.
Make the doors open on a woman’s wit, and it will be a sigh at the casement.
Make the trial of it in any constant question.
Make you a fortune from me.
Make those who do offend you suffer too.
Make your two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres, your knotted and combinèd locks to part and each particular hair to stand on end, like a slap on the fearful porpentine.
Make us your ministers of chastisement, so that we can praise you in the victory.
Make us march towards Birnam.
Make you a wholesome answer.
Make sure you use it best.
Make your promises true, and it will be good for me.
Makest you this shame?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, are stol'n away and are escaping, which puts them under the throne.
Malcolm!
Malvolio is coming down this walk.
I have a lot of people sold his life, but I am outside.
Many men would take you at your word and go, having so good a mean.
He has been seen a lot of times a day, with tears affluent on the fresh morning’s wand, and adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs.
I wish you a lot of good morrows to my noble lord.
Many hot roads they make in Italy—the borders maritime lack blood to think on – and flush youth revolt.
Many times, madam.
Many will swoon when they look on blood.
March gently on to meet him.
March on, march on, since we are up in arms, if not to fight with foreign enemies, yet to beat down these rebels here at home.
March to the bridge.
Marcus Luccicos, is he in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius, are for sea
Maria once told me she affected me, and I have heard herself come close to me saying that if she wants to do something, it should be one of my complexions.
Marian, I say!
Mark Antony I served, who was the best to be served.
Mark Antony in Egypt sits at dinner and will make no wars without doors.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I am not well, and for your humor I will stay at home.
Mark Antony — Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, here, take you Caesar’s body.
Mark Antony, will we give sign of battle?
Mark him.
Mark his condition and the event.
Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy.
Mark how the tyrant writes.
Mark it, nuncle.
Mark me.
Mark me.
Mark the music.
Mark well Metellus Cimber.
Mark, I say, instantly, and carry it so I have set it down.
Mark, King of Scotland, mark: No sooner justice had, with valor armed, forced these skipping kerns to trust their heels, but the Norweyan lord, surveying vantage, had 
Have you seen the guilty of the death of Clarence?
Marry them to your heirs!
Marry, it is too late.
Marry, and did.
Marry, and it will be done tomorrow morning if I live.
He is well repaid, as for Clarence, and is franked up to fatting for his pains.
Marry, at the very next turn of no hand, but turn down indirectly to the Jew’s house.
Before he fell down, when he saw the common herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut.
Marry, before your ladyship, I grant, she puts her tongue a little in her heart and chides with thinking.
Marry, beshrew my hand if it should give your age such a cause of fear.
Marry, come up, I trow.
Marry, sir, and I came to you to know about a matter.
I think the duke has never lost a man, but a man like that to be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph, if your Majesty knows the man.
Marry, God will defend his grace.
Marry, God forbids!
Marry, he told me so himself
Marry, heaven forbid!
Marry, heaven forbid!
Marry, here’s grace and a codpiece—that’s a wise man and a fool.
Marry, I do well, because here is cheer enough.
Marry, I remember it well.
Marry, I saw your niece do more favors to the Count’s servingman than ever she gave me.
Marry, I will, and this is done wisely.
Marry, I would not do so for a joint-ring, for measures of lawn, for gowns, petticoats, or caps, or any small exhibition.
Marry, I will teach you.
If he had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe’s garter, it would have been a tragedy.
Marry, it is your brother’s right hand.
Marry, my child, early next Thursday, the gallant, young, and noble gentleman, The County Paris, at Saint Peter’s Church, will make you a joyful bride.
Marry, my uncle Clarence' angry ghost.
Marry, now I can tell you.
Marry, now I let go of your hand, I am barren.
Marry, on Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
Marry, once before he won it of me with false dice.
Marry, patience, or I will say you are all in spleen, and nothing of a man.
Marry, peace it promises, and love, and quiet life, And awful rule, and right supremacy, and, to be short, what is sweet and happy?
Marry, sir, be better employed and be naughty for awhile.
Marry, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
Marry, sir, by a rule as simple as the plain bald pate of Father Time himself.
Marry, sir, for something that you gave me for nothing.
Marry, sir, in her buttocks.
Marry, sir, lullaby to your bounty till I come back.
Marry, sir, she is the kitchen wench, and all grease, and I know what to put her to, but to make a lamp of her and run from her by her own light.
Marry, sir, they have committed false reports
Marry, sir, they praise me and make an ass of me. Now my foes tell me that I am an ass.
Marry, sir, to ask my old master the Jew to suppose tonight with my new master the Christian.
Marry to get a husband for her sister.
Marry, sir, we say we are none.
Marry, sir, with needle and thread.
Marry, the athversary was in possession of the pridge, but he is forced to retire and the duke of Exeter is master of the pridge.
Marry, I am my partner.
Marry, that can be Hero!
Marry, he had received a thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the Lady Hero of wrongly accusing him.
Marry, I would be your mistress if I were your mistress, or I would think my honesty is better than my wit.
Marry, that is, I think, young Petruchio.
Marry, they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust at two hours old.
Marry, this is a smear.
Marry, this is it, sir.
Marry, you do not wrong me, you dissemble, you.
Marry, we were sent to the justices.
Marry, well remembered.
Marry, well said, very well said.
Marry, sir.
Marry, you may hope that your father will not have you, that you are not the Jew’s daughter.
Marry, your manhood, mew!
Mars’s hot minion is back again.
Marvelous sweet music!
I thought there would be a scab.
Mass, and well said.
Master Constable, you do not go the way to examine.
Master Fer.
Master Malvolio?
Master young gentleman, I pray you, which is the way to Master Jew’s?
Master young man, you, I pray you, which is the way to Master Jew’s?
Me, for my hand, both our inventions meet and jump in one.
Master, go on, and I will follow you to the last gasp, with truth and loyalty.
Master, here’s The gold you sent me.
Master, I am here to be with you.
If you do, you should be able to get meat from a spoon or a long spoon.
Master, is this Mistress Satan?
Master, knock the door hard.
Master, master, look at you.
Master, master!
Do you know what you mean?
Master, shall I be porter at the gate?
Master, some show to welcome us to town.
You looked so long on the maid, perhaps you did not know what is the pith of all.
Let him go.
Master, masters.
Do not speak, we charge you, let us obey you go with us.
Do not let me down.
Master, the duke is coming from the temple, and there are two or three lords and ladies more married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
May not please your highness sit.
Do you want to please your Majesty to leave free to render what we have in charge?
Can a man do it?
She is not counterfeit.
May I be bold to think of these spirits?
May I know?
I will never be able to do this for good reason, but I will never be able to do this for good reason.
May I have right and conscience to make this claim?
Can it be done?
Can one speak?
May one be convicted and keep his offense alive?
May she give that?
May we be gone?
Can we do so?
May you stead up me?
Maybe he is not well.
Maybe the letter moved him, because I think they command him home, securing Cassio in his government.
Isn’t it true?
I will feel like I am standing while I stand, and it is known I am a pretty piece of flesh.
Is that a groat?
Poor man, my library was too large.
Me, uncle?
Mean you his majesty?
Do you want to enjoy him then?
Let mischance be slave to patience.
God grants that we have been able to do.
I have a right to go to Romeo, so that he will come as this terrible night, to help her get out of her borrowed grave, now that it is time for the potion’s force to stop.
Meantime, we thank you for your hard work.
I can do good, and be inheritor of your desire.
Have patience.
Mechanic slaves with greasy aprons, rules, and hammers will lift us to the view.
Meet me and Gratiano at Gratiano’s lodging about a hour later.
Meet me at the citadel.
Meet at the palace.
Melt Egypt into Nile, and kindly creatures turn all to serpents.
Men are some time masters of their fates.
Men may sleep, and they may have their throats about them at that time, and some say knives have edges.
Men should not walk too late.
Men will deal with a man sometimes without a plan, which after hours gives him the opportunity to repent.
Men should be what they seem, or those who are not.
Men that hazard all do it in hope of fair advantages.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out and run as it was today.
Men were made to look and let them look.
Menas, I will not be on shore.
Mend the instance, shepherd.
Mend when you can.
Mendez-vous a little, so you don’t have to be a victim of your fortunes.
Mend me, you are a savage fellow?
You are a merciful heaven.
Merciful powers, restrain in me the slurd thoughts that nature gives way to in repose.
Mercutio, you are consort with Romeo.
The kinsman of Mercutio, noble County Paris.
Mercy, but murders, and mercy to those who kill.
Mercy, mercy!
Mere prattle without practice is his soldiership.
It is good that the young prince be fet Hither to London, to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have here receivèd letters that young Octavius and Mark Antony come down upon us with a powerful power, Bending their expedition toward Philippi.
Messala, this is my birthday, as Cassius was born on this day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
Methinks he looks like he was in love.
Methinks his words are so passionous that he believes himself.
Methinks I could not die anywhere so happy as in the king’s company, his cause being just and his dispute honorable.
Methinks I do.
Methinks I am a great desire to drink a bottle of hay.
I hear Antony call.
Methinks I see my cousin’s ghost Seeking out Romeo, who spit his body upon a rapier’s point.
You are so low as one dead in the bottom of a tomb.
Methinks I should know you and know this man.
Methinks it is like a weasel.
Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king’s fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
Methinks she should not use a long one for a Pyramus.
Sometimes I have no more wit than a Christian or a normal man.
Methinks the ground is even.
Methinks the wind has spoken loudly at land, a fuller blast ne'er shook our battlements.
Methinks they are a gentle nation that, but for the mountain of mad flesh
Methinks your voice is altered, and you speak better than you did.
Methinks you are my glass, and not my brother: I see by you I am a sweet-faced youth.
Methinks you are too late.
Methinks you are better spoken.
Methinks your maw should be your clock, like mine, and you should strike you home without a messenger.
You should have little reason for that.
I had a sigh of relief, and often I tried to give the ghost a go, but still the flood shook my soul and would not let it go to find the empty, vast, and wandring
I heard a voice cry, “No more!
I lay Worse than the mutines in the bilboes.
The wind did not sing it to me, and the thunder, That deep and dreadful organ pipe, pronounced Prosper.
My heart sat in my tent and cried on victory.
I saw a thousand fearful wracks, A thousand men that fishes gnawed upon, Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl, Inestimable stones, unvalued
I had broken from the Tower and was embarked on a journey to Burgundy, and my brother Gloucester, who from my cabin tempted me to walk on the hatches.
Michael Cassio, Lieutenant to the warlike Moor Othello, is coming on shore.
Michael, good night.
Milan and Naples have more widows in them than we bring men to comfort them.
I have a aches to think on a slew of things.
Mine and my father’s death come not upon you, nor thine on me.
Mine ear must be sucked from there.
My ear, I thank it, brought me to your sound. Why did you leave me so unkindly?
Mine eyes sat in the eye and couldn’t see a further view.
Isn’t that a bad thing?
Mine honor was not given, but conquered.
Mine nightingale, we have beat them to their beds.
Mine will be spent when they are dry, for Romeo’s banishment.
Mine speak of seventy senators who died by their proscriptions, Cicero being one.
Mine was not bridled.
I would have been human.
My fortunes will be drunk to bed tonight.
Mine is not an idle cause.
Minion, you are the best.
Minion, your dear lies dead, and your unblest fate hies.
Miranda.
Miscreant!
I prophesy the fearfull time to you that ever wretched age has looked upon. Come, lead me to the block.
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows.
I am not going to do this.
I will not be wrong.
Mistress and master, you have always asked for help after the shepherd who complained of love, who you saw sitting by me on the grass, praising the proud disdainful shepherd that was his mistress.
Mistress, do you still talk?
Mistress, both men and master are possessed.
Mistress, dispatch you with the safest grabs, and get you from our court.
Mistress, how do you mean that?
Mistress, you know.
Mistress, I tell you true.
Mistress, we have.
Mistress, what cheer?
Mistress, you must come back to your father.
Mistress, your father prays you leave your books and helps you dress up your sister’s chamber.
Mistress!
Mistress!
The queen is good.
Don’t let me go, Enobarbus.
Modo is called, and Mahu is called.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
Money by me!
Money is your suit.
Monsieur le challenger, the Princess calls for you.
Come, put some lime on your fingers and away with the rest.
I smell all horse piss, at which my nose is indignable.
Monster, I will kill this man.
Monster, lay to your fingers.
Your fairy, which you say is harmless, has done little better than playing the jack with us.
Monstrous!
Montague!
Montjoy.
Moody?
Moon and stars!
Mooncalf, speak once in your life, if you are a good mooncalf.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
More company!
More knocking.
More light and light it grows.
More light and light, more dark and dark our woes!
More matter for a May morning.
More here.
More of this matter cannot be reported.
It is more petty that the eagle should be mewed while kites and buzzards are free.
More shall they speak, for now I am bent to know, by the worst means, the worst.
More than anything, I will not be able to do anything to do with battle.
More to know, I never sat down with my thoughts.
More validity, more honorable state, more courtship lives in carrion flies than Romeo.
You are more villain than you.
I will do more than I can, though I can do nothing to save me, since my penitence comes to be, imploring mercy.
More wonderful when angels are so angry.
More, Domitius: My lord wants you to do so.
More, I prithee, more.
More, more, I prithee, more.
We had to wait long to see you, and the need we have to use you has provoked our prompting.
He has left you all his walks, his private arbors and new-planted orchards on this side of Tiber.
He is a savage man, without control, and has a savage heart.
Morton is a soldier who is in the field, and his power is increasing.
My absolute lord, my mistress Cleopatra, sent me to you.
If you are she, you will be able to usurp yourself, because what is yours to do is not yours to reserve.
I am sure you are.
Most certainly.
Most certainly.
Most certainly.
Most constantly.
Most detestable Death, by you beguiled, by cruel, cruel you are quite overthrown.
The best accomplished lady, the heavens rain odors on you.
My gracious Duke, to my unfolding, give your prosperous ear to me and let me find a charter in your voice, T' help me with my simpleness.
You are a gracious man.
Happy!
I am very hearty and I am asking the court to give the judgment.
Most heathenish and most gross!
The hardest day!
Metellus Cimber is the most powerful, most powerful Caesar.
Most kind messenger, Say this to great Caesar in deputation: I kiss his conqu’ring hand.
Most learned judge, a sentence!
Most like a gentleman.
I am very happy.
Most meet that we come to first words, and therefore have we written our purpose before us sent, which, if you have considered, let us know if you will not be able to tie up your discontented sword and
If I am the most mighty Caesar, let me know some reason, don’t be laughed at when I tell them.
You are a man who is very wronged.
I am the most mighty duke, vouchsafe to speak a word.
You are the most powerful sovereign, and you have no reason to hold my friendship doubtful.
You have been a libertine, as sensual as the sting itself, and all your savages and headed evils have been caught by you with a license of free foot.
He was a miserable man.
Be shown the most monsterlike for poorest diminutives, for dolts, and let Patient Octavia plow your face up with her pre-made nails!
Most monstrous, oh!
The noble Antony!
My noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
You have heard of me.
The noblest sir, arises.
What a beautiful, exquisite and unmatched beauty I can imagine is that you tell me if this is the lady of the house, because I never saw her.
Most reverend signior, do you know my voice?
The best judge!
My royal majesty is not the only one who wants to be the best of you.
Most royal sir, Fleance is scaped.
Most savage and unnatural!
Most shallow man.
I am very happy.
Most sure and vulgar.
Most sweet lady, a comfortable doctrine, and many people may say about it.
The truth is very true.
Most veritable, therefore, look to be bad.
Most villanously, like a pedant who keeps a school i'm the church.
Welcome home!
What a wonderful thing!
Motley is the only wear.
Moved,” in good time.
Much castigation, exercise devout, because there is a young and sweating devil here, who usually rebels.
You are so good, scald knave.
Much is breeding which, like the courser’s hair, has yet to be found, but not life, and not a serpent’s poison.
Much of that will be seen here.
Muffle me, night, awhile.
Mum, then, and no more.
Murder and treason!
Murder the most foul, as in the best way.
Murder, murder!
Murder!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius, for pulling scarfs off Caesar’s images, are put to silence.
Music i’ m te air.
Music such as charmeth sleep!
Music, hark.
Music, ho!
Music, moody food of us that trade in love.
Must I bite?
Do you think she will not be answered?
Is there no more done?
Mustardseed.
mutinies, in countries discord, in palaces treason, and the bond cracked a twixt son and father.
Mutton?
My affections are then humble.
My arm is sore.
My babes were destined to a better death if grace had blessed you with a better life.
My back is a t' other side.
My banquet is to close our stomachs up after our great cheer.
What was yours?
My best efforts will be made here.
My best way is to creep under his hood.
My bond to the Jew is forfeited.
My bones would rest, but I have only worked to get to this hour.
My books and instruments will be my company, so I can look and practice them by myself.
I hope you know me not until time and I think I will meet you.
My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love is as deep as the sea.
My brave spirit!
My breath and my blood!
My brother and your uncle, Antonio, called me, I pray you are a good friend.
My brother Gloucester’s voice.
My brother has a daughter, almost the copy of my child that is dead, and she is heir to both of us.
My brother is in Elysium.
My brother killed no man
My brother never asked me to do so.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my rage.
My brother’s servants were then my fellows.
My cake is dough, but I will be among the rest, out of hope, except for my share of the feast.
My charge was to bring you from the mart home to your house, the Phoenix, to dinner.
My charity is outrage, life my shame, and in that shame I still live my sorrows' rage.
My charms are not broken, my spirits obey, and time goes upright with his carriage.
My charms will break, their senses will be restored, and they will be themselves.
My child is yet a stranger in the world.
My child, my only life, will be to look up, or I will die with you!
My children too?
My clerk has some good comforts for you.
My comfort is that old age, that ill layer of beauty, can not spoil my face.
My countryman, but I know him.
My countrymen — Peace, silence!
My cousin is Signor Benedick of Padua.
My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin is a fool, and you are another fool.
My creditors grow cruel.
My curses on her!
My dagger, my cousin?
My daughter, he has wedded.
My daughter tells us all.
My daughter!
My daughter’s mother thinks it with her soul.
My dear lord, you know the fiery quality of the duke, how unremovable and fixed he is.
My dear master, My captain, and my emperor, let me say, Before I strike this bloody stroke, please, please.
My dear Othello!
My dear sister!
My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?
My dearest coz, I pray you are going to school yourself.
My dearest love, Duncan, comes here tonight.
My decayed fair, a sunny look of his would soon be repaired.
My actions are on my head.
My determination voyage is a mere extravagance.
My dismal scene I need must act alone.
My door is locked.
My dukedom to a beggarly denier, I do not mistake my person all this time.
My duty is to obey all your daughters' commands.
My duty hushes me.
I am a great king of France and England.
My duty, madam, and my humble service.
My estate is very low.
My ever-gentle cousin, welcome here.
My excellent friends!
My face will be swollen with filth, I will lay my loins, I will eat my hair in knots and face nakedness.
My fair Bianca, please my father, while I welcome you with kindness.
My fair Rosalind, I come within an hour of my promise.
My fairy lord, this must be done with grabs.
My falcon is now sharp and passing empty, and until she is stoops, she cannot be gorged, because she never looks upon her lure.
My fan, Peter.
My father has charged you in his will to give me good education.
My father was a savage man and my nativity was under Ursa Major, so that it follows me I am rough and lecherous.
My father died, my fortune lives for me.
My father had a daughter who loved a man, as it might be, if I was a woman, I should be your lordship.
My father is hard at work.
My father is not dead, for all your sayings.
My father loved Sir Rowland as his soul, and all the world was of my father’s mind.
My father was no traitor.
My father watches.
My father is a father.
My father, poorly led?
My father is more toward the marketplace.
My father died after his death.
My father’s loss, the weakness I feel, the wrack of all my friends, nor the threats of this man, to whom I am subdued, are only light to me.
My father is so loving that he can be honored.
My father is in arms.
My fault, but not my body, my mercy, my sovereign.
My fool sourps my body.
My friend, your husband, honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me the same thing, and I thought nothing less.
My gentleman, Cesario?
My good friends, hark!
My friends, I will leave you until night.
My good knave Eros, now your captain is even a body.
My good lord.
My good lords both, with all the attention I can.
My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire, is now in arms with many more confederates.
My gracious sovereign.
My grandam told me he was murdered there.
My hair is a long way away from hearing her curses.
My heart is sorry for your daughter’s death, but on my honor, she was charged with nothing but what was true and very full of proof.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for this noble pledge.
My heart prays for him, though my tongue curses.
My hearty friends, you take me in too obnoxious a sense, because I said to you for your comfort, and you did not want to burn this night with torches.
My honored lord!
My hour is almost come when I will be able to burn myself.
My house was at the Phoenix.
My husband is on earth, my faith in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown. Of course, my sons were tossed for me to joy and weep their gains and losses.
My husband said she was false.
My husband, then?
My husband!
My husband!
My husband?
My dreadful servant, Ariel!
My invocation is fair and honest.
My kind Antonio, I can only give you a few thanks, and ever thank you.
My lady tells you that, even though she harbors you as her kinsman, she is nothing allied to your disorders.
My lady was responsible for this business.
My Lady Grey his wife Clarence, is she who tempers him to this extreme.
My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
My lady is here, sir.
My lady will hang you for your absence.
My lady would not lose him for more than I will say.
My language!
My learned lord, we pray you to proceed and justly and religiously unfold why the law that they have in France should or should not bar us in our claim.
My leg is cut in two.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.
My liberty.
My liege and madam, to expostulate what majesty should be, what duty is, why day is day, night is time, and why we were only going to waste night, day, and time.
My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, who, look your Grace, has struck the glove that your Majesty is taking out of the helmet of Alençon.
I am a liege, I am advisid what I say. We are not disturbed by the effects of wine, nor a heady-rash, provoked by a rage of ire.
My liege, they are not yet back.
My liege, this was my glove
My liege, your highness now may do me good.
My liege.
My life is a compass.
My life is not as young as you are, but I am a little more than happy to have a good friend.
My life is upon her faith!
My life was better ended by their hate than death proroguèd, wanting to love you.
My life will be too short, and every measure fails me.
My life, sir!
My little spirit, see, sits in a cloud and stays for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady, I wish you all the joy that you can wish, because I am sure you can not wish none from me.
My lord and master love you.
My lord and you were then at Mantua.— Nay, I do have a brain.—But, as I said, when I tasted the wormwood on the nipple of my
My lord approaches me.
My Lord Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who he commanded and deserved it too.
My Lord Bassanio, let him have the ring.
My Lord Bassanio, since you have found Antonio, we will leave you.
My Lord Constable, the armor I saw tonight in your tent, are those stars or suns on it?
My Lord, the English is within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My lord is dead.
My lord is not my lord, nor should I know him if he was in favor of him as in humor altered.
My lord is often from his youth.
My lord will do it.
My lord of Burgundy.
My Lord of Cambridge, and my kind Lord of Masham, and you, my gentle knight, give me your thoughts.
My lord of Gloucester hat es so gesagt.
My Lord of Gloucester, I have been able to keep your blunt uproars and your bitter scoffs for too long.
My Lord of Norfolk — Here, the gracious liege.
My lord of Orléans, and my Lord High Constable, you talk of horse and armor?
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, and you, Sir Walter Herbert, stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen closely at the heels.
My Lord of Warwick, here is a very contagious treason coming to light, look you, as you will desire in a summer’s day.
My lord Sebastian, you have a little patience and time to speak it.
My lord will never rest, I will watch him tame and talk him out of patience.
My Lord, what is o'clock?
My lord, for aught I know.
My lord, from head to foot.
My lord, good morrow.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he is now gone.
My lord, he is going to his mother’s closet.
My lord, his majesty bade me, signify to you that he has put a great wager on your head.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings.
My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.
My lord, I cannot.
My lord, I claim the gift, my due by promise, for which your honor and your faith are pawned—your earldom of Hereford and the movables that I promise to possess.
My lord, I did intend it.
My lord, I did, but answer made it impossible.
My lord, I do not know that I did cry.
My lord, I protest, O, do not swear!
My lord, I have considered the late request that you made me feel like you were a good man.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I have a memory of yours that I have long been able to redeliver.
My lord, I have.
My lord, I hold my life as dear as you do yours, and never in my days, I do protest, was it so precious to me as it is now.
My lord, I know not what the matter is, but I believe you are not treated with that affection as you were wont.
My lord, I will reply amazingly, half sleep, half wake.
My lord, I take my leave.
My lord, I think I saw him for a while.
My lord, I warrant you that we will play our part as he will think by his true diligence he is no less than what we say he is.
My lord, I will not.
My lord, I will use them according to their desert.
My lord, I would that Thursday would be tomorrow.
My lord, I will tell you that the self bill is urged which in the eleventh year of the last king’s reign was like, and had indeed passed against us but that the scambling and unquiet
My lord, in Athens.
My lord, Mark Antony, was hearing that you prepared for war and knew my grieving ear withal, where I begged His forgiveness for returning.
My lord, most humbly on my knee I beg the leading of the vaward.
My lord, my lord— I will not hear you.
My lord, my lord, I will prove it on his body if he does not, despite his nice fence and his active practice, his May of youth and bloom of lustihood.
My lord, my lord!
My lord, that would dishonor him!
My lord, the army of great Buckingham— Out on you, owls!
My lord, the enemy is past the marsh.
My lord, the first time I saw him Methought, he was a brother to your daughter.
My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
My lord, the queen would speak with you, and he is currently there.
My lord, the roinish clown, at whom Your Grace was wont to laugh, is also missing.
My lord, there is no such apology.
My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband.
My lord, this would not be believed in Venice, although I should swear I didn’t see it.
My lord, on the platform where we watch.
My lord, we were sent for.
My lord, we will not.
My lord, what is your will?
My lord, when I was at their home, I commended them for their letters of highness.
My lord, whoever goes to the prince, let us not be two at home.
My lord, you know I love you.
My lord, you nod.
My lord, you loved me once.
My lord, you will o'errule my mind for one time.
My lord, your nobles, jealous of your absence, seek through your camp to find you.
My lord, your promise for the earldom – Richmond!
My lord!
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord.
My lord.
My lord.
My love is so good that even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns—Prithee, unpin me—have grace and favor.
My love is for teaching.
My love, my love, I think.
My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!
My maid Nerissa and myself will live as maids and widows.
My master calls me.
My master has appointed me to go to Saint Luke’s to ask the priest to come against you with your appendix.
My master is grown agitated.
My master is the great rich Capulet, and if you are not from the house of Montagues, I pray that you crush a cup of wine.
My master stays in the street.
My master will be here ere morning.
My master, and my lord!
My master, not myself, has no recompense.
My master is a very Jew.
My master’s mind.
My master.
My masters, are you mad?
My matter has no voice, lady, but to your most pregnant and vouchsafed ear.
My men should call me “lord.” I am your goodman.
My heart is as big as one of you, my reason is more, to bandy word for word and frown for frown.
My mind is changed.
My mind was never more mercenary.
My mistress and her sister stay for you.
My mistress here lies murdered in her bed— Oh, heavens forfend!
My mistress showed me you and your dog and your bush.
My mistress with a monster is in love.
My dearest, and I am humbled ever.
My mistress, sir.
My money is almost spent, I have been cudgeled tonight and I think the issue will be that I will have so much experience for my pains.
My particular thing, and that is the death of Fulvia.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear lord!
My most exquisite Sir Topas!
My mother.
My naked weapon is out.
My name is Edgar, and your father’s son.
My name is Mary.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
My name is Macbeth.
My necessaries are embarked.
I might have told you here.
My news will be the fruit of that feast.
My niece is already convinced he is mad.
My niece Plantagenet is a little girl who is a good aunt of Gloucester.
My niece will take note of it and assure you that there is no love-broker in the world who can prevail more in man’s praise with woman than in his praise for women.
My noble brother!
My noble father, I see this as a divided duty.
My noble girls!
My noble lord: What do you say, Iago?
My noble lords and cousins, good morrow.
My noble uncle, do you know the cause?
My nyas?
My old bones are aching.
My old brain is troubled.
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
My other self, my council’s consistory, My oracle, my prophet, my dear cousin, I will go in your direction towards Ludlow, because we will not stay behind.
My flesh and blood to rebel!
My parts, my title, and my perfect soul will manifest me rightly.
My people know my mind and will thank you and Jessica in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My powers are crescent, and my hope is that it will come to your fullest potential.
My prayers, minx?
My precious Queen, behold, and give evidence to his love which is a trial of honorable value.
My business is now calling me.
My pretty cousins, you mistake me both.
My purpose is to be a horse of that color.
My purpose is to draw me much about it.
My quaint Ariel, Hark in your ear.
My Queen and Eros have been blessed by their brave instruction.
My Regan counsels well.
My remedy is to get it out.
My memory is free from any image of offense done to any man.
My reputation, Iago, my reputation.
My resolution and my hands I will trust, none about Caesar.
My resolution is placed, and I have nothing of woman in me.
My royal cousin, teach you our princess English?
My royal lord, you do not give the cheer.
My salad days, when I was green in judgment, cold in blood, to say as I said.
My servant, sir!
My services to your lordship.
My services which I have done have gone out of the way.
My ships come home a month before the day.
My sickness grows upon me.
My eyes were ever thicker.
My sister may get it much worse to have her gentleman abused, assaulted for following her affairs.
My son came into my mind and my mind was scarce friends with him.
My soul tells me that Hero is belied, and that will be Claudio's knowledge
My soul is full of sorrow.
My soul is heavy, and I would sleep.
My soul will keep you in heaven.
My soul, and not my child!
My sovereign lord, I beg you to take our brother Clarence to your grace.
My spirits are nimble.
My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up.
My stomach is not constant.
My strange and self-abuse is the initiate fear that wants to be used hard.
My suit to her is that she will reassure me that she has some access.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet mistress Weeps when she sees me work, and says such a solitaryness had never been like executor.
My sword is drawn.
My sword, I say.
My tables!
My tale provokes that question.
My talk to you must be how Benedick is sick in love with Beatrice.
My thanks and kinsmen, now they are the first Scotland to be named in such an honor.
My tongue and soul are hypocrites.
My uncle?
My hairs are mutiny, because the white is a good thing to look at, and they are for fear and doting.
I had rather seal my death than repeat it to my shame.
My villainy?
My visor is Philemon’s roof
My voice is in my sword.
My voice is now the king, my voice looks my own.
My voice is ragged.
My way is now to go home to his house and tell his wife that, being a lunatic, He rushed into my house and took my ring away.
My husband has a hundred times
My wife is coming yonder.
My wife was killed too?
My will, not all the world.
My wit is sick.
My wits begin to turn. Come on, my boy.
My wits faint.
My words are as full of peace as matter.
My words are dull.
My words would bandy her to my sweet love, and his to me.
My worthy Cawdor!
My noble lord, your noble friends do not have you.
My young master will expect your reproach.
My young remembrance cannot parallel A fellow to it.
Myself is Neapel, who, with my eyes, never since at ebb, beheld the king my father wracked.
My self and what I mean to you and yours is now converted.
Myself have letters of the same tenor.
My enemy is mine.
Myself is a savior, Heaven and fortune are a savior, and I will not be able to give you a light, nor sleep, to be opposite to all planets of good luck to
Myself seems to be the man i' th' moon, which is the greatest error of all the rest.
My sister and I ate together today.
Myself?
Iago, Iago, and not a bad thing.
Name Cleopatra as she is called in Rome.
Name him.
Name the day of marriage, and God gives you joy.
Name them.
Name what I am doing and proceed.
Nathaniel’s coat, sir, was not fully made, and Gabriel’s pumps were all unpinked.
Nature is on the very brink of being in his confinement.
Nature distilled Helen’s cheek, but not her heart, Cleopatra’s majesty, Atalanta’s better part, Sad Lucretia’s modesty.
Nature wants stuff to be strange and fancy, yet imagine An Antony was nature’s piece whose work was a little more fancy than an Antony.
Natures of such deep trust will be very important.
I am not for their own slanders, but for mine, I am a slaughterer on their souls.
It was a good time to spend, where we were without content.
I am a savior, these hairs that you do not ravish from my chin will help you get started.
Come on, and take the chance of anger.
I will not.
I will run.
Let the devil wear black, because I will have a suit of sables.
Iras, I am not certain.
Nay, it is no matter what he says in Latin.
Nay, it is twice two months, my lord.
I tell you that, I will look you again.
If there were two, we would have none in the coming weeks, because one would kill the other.
If you can't smile as the wind sits, you will soon catch cold.
If you are a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked at.
If you are so tardy, come to my sight.
You will not, sir, I will take my heels.
I will.
Nay, and most like.
Nay, as they do.
Nay, blush not, Cleopatra.
Beatrice, but she is a sweet Hero, she is wronged, she is slandered, she is wiped out.
He prated and spoke so scurvy and provoking terms against your honor that, with the little godliness I have, I had to fight for him.
Oh, but hear me.
He is a savage man, who is now a lute string and now is governed by stops.
He loves Mark Antony.
I am not a barter tonight.
I know who loves him.
If you say yes, does it work on him?
Nay, but swear.
Nay, but the devil takes mockery.
It is a sigh, but this dotage of our general’s O’er flows the measure.
Who is it?
Oh, but, Ophelia— Pray you, mark.
I am not a fool to think what I list, nor to think what I can, nor can I think, if I would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love or that you will be in love or that
I think he can't.
I hold you a penny, a horse and a man are more than one.
I have heard that the pyramises of the Ptolemies are very good things.
Come again, Good Kate.
Come again.
Come, I pray you, sir, give me the chain.
Come, I prithee.
Come, Kate, come.
Come, let’s go together.
Do not stop, because I killed King Henry—but it was your beauty that provoked me.
Nay, do not hesitate to talk with us, old man.
Faith, I will see the church on your back and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
Oh, faith, let me not play a woman.
If you have a need, come near me, tell them when my mother went with a child of that insatiate Edward, noble York My princely father had wars in France, and, by true calculations of the time,
Nay, forward, old man.
Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Nay, gentlemen, prepare to be gone.
Get me out.
Nay, go not back.
Good goose, good goose, bite not.
Good lieutenant!
Good Lysander.
Good luck, my fellows, do not please sharp fate to grace it with your sorrows.
Good lord, this courtesy is not the right breed.
Good Sir Toby.
Good, be patient.
Oh, I will speak, though tongues were out of use.
If I had power, I would have poured the sweet milk of concord into hell, bring the universal peace to life, and confound all unity on earth.
He has a little bit of a beard.
Nay, he reserved a blanket, and we were all shamed.
Nay, he rubs himself with civet.
Nay, he will answer the letter’s master, how he does, being drool.
Nay, hear him.
Nay, hear them, Antony.
Oh, heaven knows.
How do you get here?
How do you do for a husband?
I am for all waters.
I am sure it is Volumnius.
Nay, I am the pink of courtesy.
I bear it on my shoulders as a beggar wont her brat, and I think when he has lamed me, I will beg with it from door to door.
I beg you, sir, not to be out with me.
I do not care for their names.
I do not swear.
I have done it.
I have offered all of her services, I have no more, and she has no more than I have.
I have ta'en you napping, gentle love, and have forsworn you with Hortensio.
I hope you are.
I know it.
Nay, I pray you let me go.
Now, with most petitionary vehemence, I will tell you who it is.
I will stay a little.
I prithee, I put this gown and this beard on my back.
I will be ware of my own wit until I break my shins against it.
I think it is scurvy and begin to get stuck in it.
Nay, I will do so.
Nay, I will kiss you.
Nay, I will come.
Oh, I will be a little jealous!
Nay, I will go with you, cheek by cheek.
Nay, I will help.
I will ne'er believe a madman until I see his brains.
If a palm is not a fruitful prognostication, I can not scratch my ear.
If we chase wild-goose, I am done, because you have more wild-goose in one of your wits than I have in my five wits.
If they cause any illness, I will leave them at the next turn.
If you are an undertaker, I am for you.
If you want to do so, you have to wait for a half hour.
If you had your eyes, you might fail to know me.
It is possible to judge.
Yes, it is true, or I am a Turk.
It is.
Nay, lay you down and roar, because you have killed the sweetest innocent that e'er had lifted up eye.
Oh, let him go alone.
Let me be alone for swearing.
Oh, let me praise you while I am hungry.
Let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
Nay, let’s follow him.
I am so hungry that I stay there.
If any born at Ephesus is born, be seen at any marts and fairs in the bay of Ephesus.
Never lay your hand on your sword.
Oh, not sound, I pray you.
I am not sure, in a thing that is a little frightened.
Nay, pray that you are covered.
Nay, beg you to throw none away.
Nay, do not press on me.
Nay, pursue him now, so that the device doesn’t take air and taint.
Nay, rather than convince him to hold his hands.
Send in time!
She is worse
Stay.
Nay, take my life and all.
Nay, that he did not.
It would be as a soil in the new gloss of your marriage as to show a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it.
You will not.
Yes, that is certain.
Yes, that is certain.
Yes, that is certain.
Yes, that is certain.
Yes, that is not the case.
Nay, that is not your way.
Yes, that is true.
The dust would have ascended to heaven, surrounded by your troops.
Nay, the man who has no wits that cannot, from the rise of the lark to the lodging of the lamb, deserve praise on my palfrey.
Nay, their work keeps in the wonted pace.
If I have a ounce or two of this malapert blood from you.
Nay, then she can only hate you, a woman who bought love with such a bloody spoil.
You are not alone, and all my pains are sorted to no proof.
Nay, then you lie.
Well, well, th' event.
Good night, then.
Nay, then, you mock me.
So, then, let’s go hand in hand, not one before another.
Nay.
Nay, this was his dream.
Nay, very pale.
We must think men are not gods, and neither of them will look for such observances as fit the bridal.
Nay, we will all be there to fetch him.
Nay, we will slink away in the evening, disguise us at my lodging, and return in an hour.
Nay, weep not, gentle Eros.
When I wear a suit, I will be able to touch your love with you.
There is more to this.
Nay, you must call me Rosalind.
You must forget that.
You have to name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion’s neck.
You have to be afraid of us, Lorenzo.
You were a fragment of Gneius Pompey’s, and you have picked out what you have picked up.
You were better off speaking first, and when you were graveled for lack of matter, you might take occasion to kiss.
I will be a knave of them all who will be a knave of them all.
I can't look at day, nor sleep on night, but she tells you to tell you a simple truth.
Near and on a fast foot.
He is the closest to his heart.
Need and oppression hunger in your eyes.
Need you my help?
When I was poisoned, I had to be able to get to know mine.
You know there are no junkets at the feast.
Neighbors, God speed.
Both are alive.
Is neither good nor bad.
Isn’t my husband or the slave returning to the slave’s house in such a hurry?
We cannot tell you how much rhyme or reason can tell you.
I am not to you, nor to anyone, having no witness to confirm my speech.
I am not the only one.
I have neither.
Nerissa taught me what to believe.
Never alone did the king sigh, but with a general groan.
Never anger made good guard for itself.
Never at quiet.
Never believe it.
Never came poison from a place so sweet.
Never come such division tweeted our souls.
Never did faithful subject more rejoice at the discovery of the most dangerous treason than I did at this hour joy o'er myself, Prevented from a damned enterprise.
Never did I know a creature that bears the shape of a man so keen and greedy to confound a man.
Never excuse—when the players are all dead, there is no reason to blame.
Never fear that.
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
Never in your life, I think, unless you see canary put me down.
Never king of England had nobles richer and loyaler subjects, who have left their bodies here in England and lie in the fields of France.
Never make denial.
Never tell anyone what you have seen tonight.
Never so rich a gem was set in worse than gold.
Never talk to me.
I never saw him touch with anger so distempered.
Never to speak of this that you have seen.
Never trust me.
Never was monarch better feared and loved than your Majesty.
Never was seen so black a day as this.
I never resisted him until I was armed.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
Never, my lord.
Never, until Caesar’s three and thirty wounds are healed, or until another Caesar has added slaughter to the sword of traitors.
Never.
News from Verona!
I have heard that my Nell is dead i' th' spital of a malady of France, and there my rendezvous is quite cut off.
News, friends!
News, lads, Our wars are done!
News, madam.
News from Rome, my good lord.
News, old news, and news you never heard of.
Next month with us.
Next, Cleopatra confesses to your greatness, submits her to your power, and you craves the circle of the Ptolemies for her heirs, now hazarded
Niece, will you look at those things I told you about?
Niggard of question, but of our demands.
Night hangs on mine eyes.
Night’s candles are burnt out and day stands on the sands of the mountain tops.
Nine or ten times I had thought he had been snuck here under the ribs.
Ninus' tomb, man.
No “master”, sir, but a poor man’s son.
No beast so fierce, but he knows some of the pity.
No better.
No ambition does our arms incite us to love, but love is right.
No jokes like a fool.
No cause, no cause.
No child except Hero
No cock of mine.
No shame, you will be able to refuse him at sea, and be prepared for land.
He has a quiet catch.
The murd'rous knife was dull and blunt until it was sprayed on your stone-hard heart, to revel in the entrails of my lambs.
I will bet you are doing your best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt.
No epilogue, I pray you, for your play needs no excuse.
Nothing is lost when it is gone.
No eyes in your head, no money in your purse?
No farther than the Tower, and, as I guess, to gratulate the gentle princes there.
No further, sir.
No further, sir.
No going then!
No grave on earth shall clip in it a pair of men so famous.
No more heart in you?
No harm.
No hope that way is another way so high that even Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond, but doubt discovery there.
No jewel is like Rosalind.
No jutty, frieze, buttress, nor vantage, but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle.
No king of England, if not king of France.
If you are, Malvolio, then you should know.
What follows?
No man born of woman will have power upon you.
No man was to be trusted with them.
No one wants to marry his subjects?
He was ill affected.
She is not a marvel, but she can be a sailor who has no other reason.
No marvel, lord, though it affrighted you.
No masque tonight.
No matter how bad you are, you are not here.
No matter what, since they have left their snuffs behind, we have stomachs.
No matter what.
No medicine in the world can do you good.
No messenger but thine, and all alone tonight we will wander through the streets and see the qualities of people.
No money, on my faith, but the gleek.
No more a soldier.
No more amazement.
No more being done.
No more than a woman, and commanded by such poor passion as the maid that milks and does the meanest chares.
No more, but so?
No more light answers.
No more drowning, do you hear?
No more of that.
No more of that.
No more perchance does mine, nor his, nor hers.
I do not mourn for yours.
I will be here in Egypt.
No more that a tad of Cawdor will deceive our bosom interest: go pronounce his death, and greet Macbeth with his former title.
No more with me.
No more words.
No more, cousin.
No more, I pray you.
No more, I pray you.
No more, no more.
No more!
No more.
No more.
No more.
No more.
No news of them?
No noise, and enter.
No occupation.
No offense i' m world.
No pains, sir.
No passage?
No place will please me, no mean of death, as here by Caesar, and by you cut off, The choice and master spirits of this age.
No port is free, no place that guard and most unusual vigilance does not attend my take.
No seconds?
No shame, but mine.
No slander.
He would be king on it.
No jade as you, if you mean.
No, I see thisbe.
No warmth, no breath will testify you live.
No watch?
No way to do it, but gentleness, gentleness.
No woman’s heart so big, to hold so much.
No wonder, my lord.
No wonder, sir, but certainly a little girl.
No words can that woe sound.
No words.
No, it is hereafter to know, but now to promise.
Yes, it is not so deep as a well nor so wide as a church-door, but it is too deep, it will not serve.
No, it was the vane on the house.
No, I found it, and I gave it to my husband.
No, and swears she never will.
Nehmen Sie das Lot, Antony.
No, as I am a Christian.
No, as I will be saved.
No, believe me.
No, boy.
No, but she let it drop by negligence and, to my advantage, I didn’t take up.
No, but the barber’s man has been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek has already stuffed tennis balls.
No, but to the gate, and there will be a devil who will meet me like a cuckold with horns on his head and say, “Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven
No, by mine honor, madam.
No, by my life and soul.
No, no.
No, no.
No, by this hand.
No, by this heavenly light!
No, Caesar has not.
No, Caesar will not.
No, Caesar, we will answer their charge.
No, Cassio is not killed.
No, Cassius, no.
Corin, being old, you can't guess, although in your youth you were as true a lover as ever as sighed upon a midnight pillow.
No, cousin, I will go to Fife.
No, coz, I prefer to sigh.
No, dear Queen, we intend to dispose you as you will give us counsel.
No, fair princess.
No, faith, die by attorney.
No, faith, hate him, for my sake.
No, faith, I will not stay a jot longer.
No, faith, lords and great men will not let me.
No, faith, my coz, I do not wish a man from England.
No, faith, not a jot.
No, because I believe he is not worthy of his place that does those things.
No, forgive me.
No, good mother.
No, great king.
Yes, hasn’t it?
No, he does not, but he does not.
No, he is the best man in Athen.
He is a yeoman who has a gentleman to his son, because he is a mad yeoman who sees his son a gentleman before him.
No, he is in a terrible situation, worse than hell.
No, heavens forbid me from killing your soul.
No, his mouth is stopped.
Yes, I am a Welshman.
No, I am promised.
No, I do not know you, nor am I sent to you by my lady, to ask you to speak with her, nor do you name me as Master Cesario, nor this is my nose.
No, I pray you speak in a sigh of judgment.
No, I protest, I do not know the contents.
Yes, I warrant you.
No, I warrant your Grace that you will not be able to get him to a second, who has so mightily convinced him to a second.
I went to work, and my young mistress said so.
No, I will be the pattern of all patience.
No, I will go to some ditch where I will die.
No, I will not cast my physicist away from those who are sick.
Yes, I will not.
No, I will not be able to do more.
No, I will not weep.
If you are not able to do so, you will get it.
Yes, they are not.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, sir, the Lady Olivia has no folly.
No, it starts again.
No, it is Casca, one that is a part of our attempts.
It is not possible to love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it is struck.
No, it is yours, my self’s better part, my dear heart’s dearer heart, my food, my fortune, and my sweet hope’s aim, my sole earth’s heaven, and my heaven’s
No, Kate?
No, lad.
No, lady.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
No, let me know, and knowing what I am, I know what she will be.
Yes, let me do it.
No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp and crook the pregnant hinges of the knee where thrift may follow fawning.
No, madam, he does nothing but smile.
No, madam, I do not read madness.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, madam.
No, make it two more.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not I.
No, dearest love, I would not be able to do anything for the world.
No, my fair cousin.
No, my knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord, I saw nothing.
No, my lord, not I. Alas, it is the baseness of your fear that makes you slap on your own.
No, my lord, unless I have another for working days.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my most wronged sister.
No, my noble lord.
No, my heart.
No, no, by God’s grace, his son will reign.
No, no, forsooth, I do not want to live.
No, no, he is gone.
No, no, I am as ugly as a bear, because beasts that meet me run away from me.
No, no, no, no!
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they would not.
No, no, we will hold it as a dream until it appears itself.
No, no.
No, no.
No, none by me.
No, no one you have enough to make.
I am not, nor do I neither, but it is very wonderful that she does not do anything to protect Signor Benedick, whom she has abused in all her behavior.
No, nor mine now.
No, nor more fearful.
No, not a denier.
No, not a grize.
No, not a whit.
No, not an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not Venice.
He is not, though his face is better than any man’s, yet his leg excels all men’s, and for a hand and a foot and a body, though they are not to be talked about, yet
No, not much moved.
No, not so, villain, you are the villain.
No, not until a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
Nein, Pompey, I have kept me from the cup.
No, pray you, good Meg, I will wear this.
No, pray for you, let it serve for table talk.
No, pray you.
I will go to Benedick and counsel him to fight against his passion.
Since.
No, sir, it is in grain
No, sir, God forbids, but ashamed to kiss.
No, sir, I live in the church.
No, sir, I say his horse comes with him on his back.
No, sir, it is legs and thighs.
No, sir, no jot.
No, sir, the worse.
No, sir.
Yes, some of it is for my child’s father.
No, sooth, sir.
No, let him be judge how deep I am in love.
No, you will not wait until you take her hand before this friar and swear to marry her.
No, you dream, that play is so subtly a king’s repose.
No, though you call your name a hotter name than anyone is in hell.
No, your words are too precious to be cast away on curs.
No, to my cabin.
No, to their lives, ill friends were contrary.
No, to Whitefriars.
Yes, I have been there for 12 months.
No, truly, but in a friendly recompense.
No, truly, because the truest poetry is the most feigning, and lovers are given poetry, and what they swear in poetry may be said as lovers they do feign.
If you are hard-favored, you can do it with honesty and beauty.
Yes, truly.
Yes, truly.
No, trust me, sir, nor I. I am sure you do.
No, uncle, but our crosses on the way have made it tedious, sluggish and heavy.
No, uncle, I will never be.
Nein, ne me appoint me.
No, we will be arguing with him.
No, wench!
You will paint when you are old.
No, you will be fined.
No, you are a savage man.
No!
No?
No?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Noble Antony, not sickness should be a threat to me.
Noble captain, come.
Who is the noblest of men, don’t you?
Nobody comes here?
Nobody marks you.
Nobody.
Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies.
Nothing at all.
He is not a holy hermit and her maid.
All but friends.
He is the fool who is trying to get rid of his heart-stricken injuries.
Nothing can be called deformed, but the unkind.
None of these things is offending, I say, none.
Nothing good, my liege, to please you with the hearing, nor none so bad, but good may be reported.
I am not the man in the world.
None of these rogues and cowards, but Ajax is their fool.
I know that nothing will be the same as anything else.
I love nothing more than myself.
None, Brutus, none.
Nothing, but your beauty.
None, man.
None, my lord.
None.
Nor anyone.
This wood does not have worlds of company, because you are all the world.
I have never heard, nor suspect.
You are not alone.
I will not go either way.
It is not Love’s mind of judgment that has any judgment taste— wings and no eyes are heedless.
I have not seen more than you, dear friend, and I can call men.
Heaven and earth have been in peace tonight.
I do not know where I was last night.
I am neither, by this heavenly light.
I am neither.
I am neither.
I do not know how you have done it.
I am not my lord.
I am not my lord.
I am not my lord.
I am not.
I am not.
I am not.
Nor in your heart.
He is not dead, for aught that I can tell.
I don’t know what I am doing, but he is well and will be here in the coming weeks.
I do not know what I am saying or doing this night, unless self-charity is sometimes a vice, and to defend ourselves it is a sin when violence assails us.
It is not the only thing that should be done in this way.
Nor does anyone else.
There is no one here, because curses never pass the lips of those who breathe them in the air.
I hope there is no one who lives there.
Nor does nothing in your letters writ her?
Nor rain, wind, thunder, fire are my daughters.
Do you send you out of your way?
It will not be until necessity is served.
Nor stony tower, nor walls of beaten brass, nor airless dungeon, nor strong links of iron can be retentive to the strength of spirit.
We cannot tear tears or pray for abuses, therefore we cannot use them.
I am not doing anything by water.
I will not do anything tomorrow.
I will not.
You will not tell me who you are.
You will not be able to do less.
We would not deign him burial of his men until he gave up at Saint Colme’s Inch Ten thousand dollars to our general use.
You are not loyal, as we are.
I am not sure there is no force in eyes that can hurt.
Norfolk, we must have knocks, ha, we must not?
Normans, but Normans, Normans!
Noses, ears, and lips.
It was a drop before.
We are not a dump.
It is not a false gallop.
Not a hair perished.
I am not a jot more, my lord.
It is not a jot, not a jot.
It is not a mouse stirring.
Not a soul but a fever of the madness and played some tricks of desperation.
Not a whit, Touchstone.
It is not a whit.
It is not a whit.
I am not a word of mine.
It is not a word.
Not all the dukes of waterish Burgundy can buy this precious maid of me.
Not so, sir.
He is not Fortune, he is a minister of her will.
Not being the worst is a good thing.
I am not black, though yellow in my legs.
Not Caesar’s valor has o’erthrown Antony, but Antony’s triumph has triumphed on itself.
Not Cassio killed!
Not dead?
I would not be guilty of a sin for all this land.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
Not for the world.
You are not a fairy kingdom.
It is not that short.
He is not so, Mark Antony.
I do not know her who chides her, sir, at any hand, I pray.
I am not here in presence.
I love Helena, not Hermia.
I will not be ashamed of myself, my lord.
I am not, but my affairs have made you wait.
I am not, believe me.
I am not, believe me.
I am not, believe me.
I am not I, I must be found.
I am not my lord.
I am not I, my lord.
I am not I, my lord.
I am not I, sir.
I am not alone, except when the heartick groans, sour, are squeezing me from the search of eyes.
I am not.
I am not a fool.
Not if the small come first.
Not in a grave, to lay one in a grave, another to have.
I am not doing anything, madam, because I can do nothing but to make sure I do what is honest.
Are you not in love, neither?
I am not in my house, Lucentio, because you know that Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants.
I am not in my husband’s nose.
Not in the legions of horrid hell can come a devil more damned in evils to top Macbeth.
He will not be able to stay in this land.
Do you know me yet?
I do not know my voice.
Not life, but love in death.
Not mad, but bound more than a madman is, Shut up in prison, kept without my food, whipped and tormented and—Good e'en, good fellow.
Now you are not going to hear them sing.
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You are not on your sole, but on your soul, harsh Jew, you make your knife a bit slick.
Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you have.
There is no dog to throw at.
I am not one, my lord.
Isn’t it poppy, mandragora, or all the drowsy syrups of the world?
It is not possible.
You are not proud of yourself, but thankful for you.
I am sorry, my lord.
He has not been seen since?
Do you think today is not the best thing to do?
Not sick, my lord, unless it is in mind, nor well, unless it is in mind.
Not so happy, yet much happier.
Not so hot.
Not so sick, my lord, as she is struggling with a series of ill-looking fancies that keep her from her rest.
I am not so young, sir, to love a woman for singing, nor so old to dot her for anything.
If not, I will be astonishing your Majesty.
Not so, my lord.
Not so, my lord.
Not so.
Not so.
Not so, not so.
I do not care for something.
Not so.
Not stingless too?
It will never be a show of the full-fortuned Caesar.
He came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bids you forsake your liberty.
I know that.
I do not love you.
We do not love words better than you.
I hope you did not get that from me.
Not this, but the problems of the marriage bed.
It is not until God makes men of some other metal than earth.
It is not until you have slept.
If you are abed after midnight, you will be able to be abed, and I know that I am not.
It is not to be endured.
He is not his father.
He is not killed, but he is damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend me.
He will not be able to think about the fault My father made in compassing the crown.
I am not tonight, good Iago.
Not too fast!
I have met him oft, and he has bought the cottage and the bounds of the old carlot.
We are not.
I didn’t see it when I saw it.
He is not where he is, but where he is eaten.
Not with salt tears.
Not yet old enough for a man, nor young enough for a boy, as a squash is before a peass, or a codling when a squash is almost an apple.
Not yet dead?
Not yet, my cousin.
Not yet.
It is now here.
Not?
Notable pirate!
Note him, note him, good Charmian, he is the man, but note him.
If your lady is a bit irritated, please do not forget to stop him.
Note this before my notes: There is no note of mine that is worth noting.
Nothing at all.
What is it that will cause you to suffer from her being afoul of me?
Nothing but sit and sit, and eat and eat!
Nothing but songs of death.
Nothing but this: your true love for my master.
Nothing can be made from nothing.
Nothing certainer.
Nothing could have subdued nature to such a lowness, but his unkind daughters.
Nothing extenuates, nor sets aught in a sham.
Nothing in his life was like leaving it.
Nothing is good, I see, without respect.
Nothing that can be done can come between me and my hopes.
Nothing I respect, my gracious lord.
Nothing that is so is so.
Nothing will come from nothing.
Nothing, but that is the case.
Nothing to do with Cavalery Cobweb.
Nothing, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
Nothing, my lord, or if—I know what.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, unless you render her again.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Use your pleasure.
Now, if I am a drunkard, I will put our Cassio in some action that may offend the sleeve.
A little fire in a wild field was like a lecher’s heart—a small spark, all the rest on his body cold.
Now everything is good.
Now all you have to do is work Mars.
Now all the blessings of a glad father, you will be glad.
Now all the plagues that plagued your daughters in the pendulous air will be borne by men.
Now all the youth of England are on fire, and there lies a silky sleeve in the wardrobe.
I am dead.
I am now a man who is unbound.
Antony must leave her completely.
We are ready to know the pleasure of our fair cousin Dauphin, because we hear your greeting is from him, not from the king.
Now you are my lieutenant.
Now you are Romeo.
Now you are sociable.
Now attest that those who you called fathers had you.
Now boast you, Death, in your possession, you have a lass that is unparalleled.
Now by my George, my Garter, and my crown— profaned, dishonored, and the third usurped.
By my life, old fools are babes again and must be used with checks as flatteries when they are seen abused.
Now civil wounds are stopped, peace is again alive.
Now comes the bloody blood up in your cheeks.
Now could I drink hot blood and do so bitter business as the bitter day would be.
If you are not, you should be ashamed, ashamed, and a murderer.
Now die, die, die, die die.
I don’t see if it is true.
Now know the reason for this rapidity.
Now I am going to be a big fan.
Now Edmund, where is the villain?
Now entertain conjecture of a time when creeping murmur and the dark fills the large vessel of the universe.
Now you are good, sir.
I will try to start again.
If you do, you will have to try to determine which right is most in Helena.
Now, Lord Constable and princes, we will soon be able to speak of England’s fall.
Now from head to foot I am marble-constant.
Now go your way.
Go to the door and stay there till we call.
Now we are in the mood to freedom, and not to banishment.
Now God in heaven bless you!
Now gods that we love, where is this coming from?
Have I done a good day’s work?
Now he begins the story.
He denies it and laughs it out.
Now he importates him to tell it o'er.
He is a praying.
Now he tells me how she plucked him in my chamber.
Now he will outseat the lightning.
Now heaven has all.
Now heaven will help him!
Now heaven walks on earth.
I am alone.
I am here.
I start with: Imprimis, we came down a foul hill, my master riding behind my mistress.
I change my mind, and credit things that do not prey on me.
I feed myself with the most delicious poison.
I must to the young man send humble treaties, dodge and palter in the shifts of lowness, who had half the bulk of my world played as I pleased, making and marring fortunes.
I think they have all three conjoined me to fashion this false sport, in spite of me.
I see in Fulvia’s death how I will receive mine.
I will now believe that there are unicorns, that in Arabia there is one tree, the phoenix' throne, one phoenix at this hour reigning there.
Now I will tell you without asking.
Now, Gratiano, you give your wife too unkind a cause of grief.
Now that it is in the fields, it will be good for me.
Now he is for the numbers that Petrarch flies in.
Is it Rome, and there is enough room, when there is only one man.
Now is the time to arm.
Now is the day we have long been looking for.
Now is the sun on the highest hill of this day’s journey, and from nine to twelve she is three hours long, yet she is not coming.
Now is the time for help.
Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this son of York, and all the clouds that sat on our house in the deep bosom of the ocean were buried.
Now Jove, in his next commodity of hair, sends you a beard!
Now know you, Casca, I have moved some of the noblest-minded Romans to undergo a mission of honorable-dangerous consequence.
Let it work.
Let me see if I can do it.
Now let your friendly hand put strength enough to tame it.
Let’s have a catch.
He is there, and none of those poor people are so poor to give him reverence.
Lord, be grateful for my good amends.
Now Margaret’s curse is falling upon our heads, when she exclaimed on Hastings, you and I, for standing by when Richard stabbed her son.
Mercury will let you go with leasing, for you are fools.
Now I can do it.
I must go to the monument alone.
He will be honest, but I know him passing wise.
Now you must seal your conscience, my acquaintance, and you must put me in your heart for friend, Sith, you have heard, and with a knowing ear, that he who has killed your noble father has sla
My charms are all o'erthrown, and what strength I have is mine’s own, which is the faintest.
Now my spirit is going.
Now that is enough.
Now you are going to be a good one.
Romeo is now beloved and loves again, like he is bewitched by the charm of looks, but to his foe, he should complain, and she steals love’s sweet bait from fearful hooks
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, hold the breath hard and bend every spirit to his height.
Now my friend Petruchio will do me grace, and offer me disguised in sober robes to old Baptista as a schoolmaster seen in music, to instruct Bianca, so I can, at least by this
Now you will see the other.
She is not.
Now she is gone for ever.
Now show the wound mine eye has made in you.
Now, sir, be judge yourself, if I am affined to love the Moor.
Now, sir, who is so eminent in the degree of this fortune as Cassio does?
Now sit down and ask ourselves what we need.
Now sits the wind fair, and we will be aboard.
Now he is ready to get the right place to stay and close to the subject of our watch.
He shook and swore as if the vicar meant to cozen him.
Tell me how long you would have her after you have her.
No planet is mine.
Now the witch will take me if I meant it so.
They are my men.
Now they believe it and whet me to be revenged on Rivers, Dorset, Grey
Now to that name, my courage will be a proof of my title.
Now to you.
Now we speak on our behalf, and our voice is imperial.
Now welcome, Kate, and bear me witness that I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now he will sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress had that kind of fruit as his maids call medlars when they laugh alone.
Now I will go to order the princes to take a look at the sands of Clarence and give the princes a look at their sands.
Now I will ask Cassio of Bianca, a huswife, how she sells her desires and buys bread and clothes.
Now I will go to the chink, to spy on my Thisbe’s face.
I would give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground: long heath, brown furze, anything.
Now you talk of a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty jest your daughter told.
Now your jest is a skeptie.
Now, for God, I am so vexed that every part about me is a slapstick.
Now, Antony, we are chasing our hopes.
Now, as I am a Christian, I will answer me in what safe place you have given me my money, or I will break that merry sconce of yours that stands on tricks when I am undisposed.
Now, as you love me, let me see his letter.
Now, as you are a Roman, tell me true.
Now, Balthazar, as I have ever found you honest, let me find you still.
Now, banished Kent, if you can serve where you are condemned, then you will find it a joy to you.
Now, besolate my father’s ambition!
Now, by Apollo, by Apollo, by Apollo, you swear to your gods in vain.
Now, by heaven, my blood begins my safer guides to rule, and my passion, having my best judgment collied, is to lead the way.
Here, by my holidam, comes Katherina!
Now, by my hood, a gentle and no Jew.
Now, by my little girl at twelve, I bade her come.
Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s myself, it will be moon, or star, or what I list, or e'er I will travel to your father’s house.
Now, by my sword, and target.
If I had been remembered, I would have given my uncle a shame to touch his growth closer than he touched mine.
Now, by Saint George, I am too young for you.
He will not make me a joyful bride by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter’s Church.
Now, by the faith of my love, I will.
Now, by the holy mother of our Lord, the citizens are mums, say not a word.
Now, by the world, you are full of your wrongs.
Now, by the world, it is a lusty wench.
Now, by this hand, I swear, I do not hate the term, and my Nell will not keep lodgers.
Now, by yon marble heaven, I will be able to speak with my words.
What is his grace?
What is your lord saying to me?
Charmian!
Now, Cinna.—Now, Metellus.—What, Trebonius, I have an hour’s talk in store for you.
Now, darting Parthia, you hit me, and now you have a good fortune to do from Marcus Crassus’ death.
Now, if the sun advances his burning eye, the day to cheer and night’s thanks to the sun to dry, I must fill this osier cage of ours with weeds and precious-juicèd
Now, Eros.
Now, you are right, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what is there?
Now, fellows, you are welcome.
Now, I know the Breton Richmond is aimed at my brother’s daughter, Elizabeth, and by that knot looks proudly on the crown, to her go I, a jolly thriving wooer.
Hortensio has been battling his widow for my life.
Now, for my life, she wanders to the Tower, on pure heart’s love, to greet the tender prince.
Now, forward with your tale.
Now, gods, stand up for a sham.
Now, good Metellus, go along with him.
Now, good my lord, lie here and rest for a while.
Now, good sir, what are you?
Now, good sweet Nurse, why are you sad?
Are the dead numbered?
Now, I prithee, daughter, do not make me mad.
I will stand to it, the pancakes were naughty and the mustard was good, and yet the knight was not forsworn.
If these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment, though they can outstrip men, they have no wings to fly from God.
If you are a poet, I might have some hope you did not feign.
If you are a baby, then you can answer this question.
If you love me, stay here.
Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio, I think you have the shrewdest of all.
Now, infidel, I have you on the hip.
Now, Iras, what do you think?
Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly so that we, Lovers in peace, can lead our days to age.
Now, listen to music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn.
Now, my co-mates and brothers in exile, Isn’t it that old custom made this life more sweet than that of painted pomp?
Now, dearest Queen, you are far from me.
Now, my friendly knave, I thank you.
Now, my Lord Constable?
What will we do now, my lord, if we do not see Lord Hastings as a fool?
Now, my lord.
Now, my Titania, wake you, my sweet queen.
He is mad, and would never be so mad.
Now, princely Buckingham, seal thou this league with your embraces to my wife’s allies and make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her? —Oh, unhappy girl! — With the Moor, say you? —Who would be a father? — How did you know she was? 
Now, Signior Petruchio, how fast are you with my daughter?
What news do you have?
Now, Signior, where is the Count?
What are you here?
Now, soldiers, march away, and how you please, God, dispose the day.
Now, sweet lord, you know the goodness I will have on you.
The next day was our sea fight, and what was going on was a squeaky battle.
Now, we will use His countenance for the battle, which is going to be done, and let her who would be rid of him devise his rapid take off.
Now, to your bones, good night!
When Beatrice comes, we will trace this path up and down.
If I had a little pot and soon hot, my lips would freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth, my heart in my belly, and I should come by a fire to thaw me.
What are the news on the Rialto?
Where is my wife?
Now, where is your master?
Now.
Nurse, please, give me a call to your lady and mistress.
Nurse, where is my daughter?
Nurse, will you go with me in my closet to help me sort such ornaments as you think you are going to furnish me tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, you have spoken the right.
O all you host of heaven!
O Antony, Antony, Antony!
O Antony, do not be afraid of your death.
O Antony, O du Arabian bird!
O Antony, you have a mine of bounty, how would you have paid my better service, when my turpitude is so high!
O Antony!
O Banquo, Banquo, Our royal master’s murdered!
O bear me witness, night— What is this man?
It is a bitter consequence that Edward still should live “true noble prince”!
O blessèd, blessèd night!
O bloody Richard!
O bosom black as death!
Bottom line, you have changed!
O braggart vile and damned, the grave is close, and death is near.
O brave monster!
O brave new world, that has such people in it.
O brave touch!
O brother Montague, give me your hand.
O Brutus!
If you are a Caesar, read mine first, for a suit that touches Caesar closer.
O Caesar!
O calm dishonourable, vile submission!
O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
When was Cassio coming from?
O Cassius, Brutus gave the word too early, who, having some advantage on Octavius, sat too eagerly.
O Cassius, Far from this country, Pindarus will run, where never Roman will take note of him.
O Cassius, I have many griefs.
If you could win the noble Brutus to our party, be you content.
O ceremony, show me but you have to pay for it.
O Charmian, I will never go from here.
O Cicero, I have seen tempests when the scolding winds have rived the knotty oaks, and I have seen Th' ambitious ocean swell and rage and foam to be
O Cleopatra!
O Clitus!
Come, Ventidius.
O comfortable Friar!
O conspiracy, shame to show your dangerous brows by night when evils are most free?
O Corin, you knew how I love her.
O cousin, cousin!
O faze conscience, how do you affect me?
O coz, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that you knew how many people I love are so deep.
O cruel!
O cursed slave!
O duck!
Iago!
O Dardanius!
O day and night, but this is a strange thing.
O day turned untowardly!
O tast!
How good his words are to be.
Oh dear father, it is your business that I do.
Oh dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers.
If you ever meet in a fresh cheek the power of fancy, then you will know the wounds invisible that love’s keen arrows make.
Oh dear son Edgar, the food of your abused father’s wrath, I would say I had eyes again.
Oh dear!
O dolt!
O earth, which this blood drink is the best revenge for his death.
O earth!
O eastern star!
O excellent device— and make a sop of him.
O excellent motion!
O excellent young man!
O excellent young man!
If you love me soundly with your French heart, I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your English tongue.
Come, come, come, cut thread and thrum.
O flesh, flesh, how you fishified!
O fortune, fortune!
O Friar, the damned use that word in hell.
O gentle lady, it is not for you to hear what I can speak.
O gentle lady, do not put me to the test, because I am nothing, if not critical.
O God of battles, steel my soldiers' hearts.
Did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
O God, Horatio, what a wounded name, things that are so unknown, will live behind me.
O God, I have a ill-divining soul.
O God, she comes.
God, your only jig-maker.
O God!
O God! O Nurse, how will this be prevented?
O God’s lady dear, are you so hot?
O Goneril, you are not worth the dust that the rude wind blows in your face.
Good Antonio, forgive me for your trouble.
O good old man, how good you are in the world of antiques, when service sweats for duty, not for meed.
O good Sir Toby, hold!
O gull!
O Hamlet, you have cleft my heart in a womb.
O Hamlet, what a fall was there!
O happy dagger, this is your sheath.
O happy fair!
O happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony.
It is hard to find, twin-born with greatness, subject to the breath of every fool, whose sense no more can feel than his own wringing.
O Harry’s wife, triumph not in my woes!
O hated potion, hence!
O heaven, O earth, bear witness to this sound and crown what I profess with kindness
O heavenly mingle!
O heavens, that such companions you have gathered will be able to lash the rascals naked through the world even from the east to the west!
O heavens, they were both in Naples, the king and queen there!
O heavens!
O heavens!
O heavy day!
O heavy act!
O hell-kite!
What are we here?
O holy Friar, tell me, holy Friar, where is my lady’s lord?
O horror, horror, horror!
O Iago, Iago, the pity of it.
O Iago!
O ill-dispersing wind of misfortune!
O ill-starred wench, pale as your smock!
O illegitimate construction!
O virtue infinite, com’st you smiling from the world’s great snare uncaught?
O inhuman dog!
O loss a little threatening.
Iras, Charmian!
Isis, it is impossible.
O Juliet, I know your grief.
O Julius Caesar, you are still mighty!
O Jupiter, how weary are my spirits!
O Kate, let me know.
O Kate, nice customs to great kings.
O knight, you have a cup of canary.
O lady, speak again!
O calamity day!
O life!
O limèd soul that, struggling to be free, Art more engaged!
Lord, he will hang on him like a disease.
Lord, I would have stayed here for a long time to hear good counsel.
Lord, I must laugh.
Lord, Lord, it is a difficult thing for friends to meet, but mountains may be removed with earthquakes and so encounters.
Lord, I thought what pain it was to drown, what dreadful noise of waters in my ears, what sights of ugly death within my eyes.
If they were married only a week, they would talk themselves mad.
Lord, they fight!
O Lord!
If you keep promise, I will end this fight, become a Christian and your loving wife.
O love!
O madam, madam, madam!
Oh madam, my old heart is cracked, it is cracked.
Margaret, Margaret, now your curse is lighted on poor Hastings' wretched head.
If I were able to stir your hearts and minds to a rage, I would do Brutus wrong, and Cassius wrong, who, you all know, are honorable men.
O me, my heart, my rising heart!
O me, O me!
O me!
O me!
O mercy, God!
O Caesar!
O mischief he is threatening!
O mischief, you are ready to enter into the thoughts of desperate men.
O mistress, villainy has made mocks with love!
O momentary grace of mortal men, which we hunt for more than the grace of God!
O monstrous world!
O monstrous, monstrous!
O my bloody sight!
O most courageous day!
O dear mistress, the sun will set before I will discharge what I must do.
O my most false love!
O happy hour!
O most pernicious woman!
O most unhappy day!
O most unhappy strumpet!
O wicked fiend!
O murderous slumber, layt you leaden mace upon my boy who plays you music?
O my brave Emperor, this is fought.
O my brother’s child!
O my Christian ducats!
O my daughter, a Christian!
Oh my dear lord, do not think I flatter.
O my dear niece, welcome you to me, even daughter, in no less degree.
Oh my dear Orlando, how grieving it is to see you wear your heart in a scarf.
O my follies!
Believe not all, or, if you must believe, Stomach not all.
O my good master!
O my heart!
O my lord, my lord, forgive my fearful sails!
O my lord!
O my poor Rosalind, do you want to go?
O my son, my son!
What is my son’s theme?
What had you done in hell when you bowed to the spirit of a fiend in a moral paradise of such sweet flesh?
I am too deep and dead, poor infants, in their graves.
O noble Caesar!
O noble Emperor, do not fight by sea!
O noble English, that could entertain with half their forces the pride of France and let another half laugh, all out of work and cold for action!
O noble fool!
O noble judge!
O noble lord, bethink you of your birth, call home your ancient thoughts from banishment, and banish hence these lowly dreams.
O noble prince, I can discover all the unlucky things that are going to happen in this fatal brawl.
O noble sir!
O strumpet!
O nuncle, court holy water in a dry house is better than this rainwater out of the door.
O savage shame!
O perjured woman, you stone my heart, and mak’st me call what I intend to do A murder, which I thought was a sacrifice.
O perjured woman!
O Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
O pitiel spectacle!
O plague rightly prevented!
O Pomfret, Pomfret!
O good stuff!
What feast is on your eternal cell, that so many princes have been killed?
O Pyramus, come on!
O Ratcliffe, I have dreamed of a fearful dream.
O Regan, Goneril, Your old kind father, whose heart gave all of us— Oh, so madness lies.
O Regan, she has tied her sharp-toothed unkindness, like a vulture, here.
O Regan, will you take her by the hand?
Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Romeo, Romeo!
O royal Caesar!
O rude unthankfulness!
Scotland, Scotland!
O serpent heart hid with a flowering face!
O Setebos, these are brave spirits!
O simple!
O sinful thought!
O sir, let me know.
If you are a sir, fly this place.
I will be the patron of my life and my liberty.
O sir, kindly, please.
O sir, so much life with such a wife was strange!
To wilful men, the injuries they own must be their schoolmasters.
O sir, very well: here in your orchard.
O sir, you are old.
O sir, you are too sure you are an augurer.
If you are a savior, consider: they will hate you for the act.
Sisters three, come to me with hands as pale as milk.
O slanderous world!
O soft, sir!
O spite of spites!
O Stephano, hast he gotten so much more?
O Stephano, two Neapolitans scaped!
O sun, you will not see more.
O sweet bully Bottom!
O sweet mistress, speak!
O sweet Portia, here are some of the unpleasantst words that ever blotted paper.
O the blessed gods!
O these deliberate fools!
What a thing it is!
O you are a bloody prison, ominous to noble peers.
Ooh, you are dull.
O thief, where have you stowed my daughter?
How do I live and work to match your goodness?
If you have no name to be known by, let us call you devil.
O you are a sham.
O you are public commoner!
O thou weed, who is so sweet and smells so sweet that the sense is aching at you, would you have been born?
O you, whose captain I am, look on my forces with a gracious eye.
O time, you must not be able to snare this, not I.
Hast du so hardened and split my poor tongue in seven short years that my only son knows my weak key of cares?
O traitors, villains!
I never thought it was possible or likely.
O tastier!
O true, good Catesby.
Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!
O upright, just, and true-disposing God, how do I thank you for this carnal cur who is a good man and makes her laugh with others' moan?
O valiant cousin!
O vassal!
O vengeance!
O villain, you have stolen mine office and my name!
O villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!
O villain, villain!
O villain!
O villainy!
O weary night, O long and tedious night, Abate your hours.
What are you doing, Nature, and your lions?
O wicked wall through which I see no bliss.
O wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
O wise and upright judge!
O wow!
O woeful day, O woeful day!
O witty day!
O safiant sympathy, pitieous situation!
O witty time.
O woeful, woeful, woeful day!
O son that can so stonish a mother!
O wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful wonderful, and again wonderful, and after that, out of all whooping!
O gods, render me worthy of this noble wife!
O gods!
O you gods!
O you mighty gods, this world I renounce, and in your sights, I will shake my great affliction off.
O you, sir, come you here, sir.
O young and noble Cato, you are down?
O, it is a boy who is a blunder, blunder, quick, ingenious, forward, capable.
O, was the worst act to kill that babe, and the merciless that e'er was heard of!
O, be gone!
O, like his majesty, you have the intention of being new christened in the Tower.
O, but one word.
I pray you, I do not want to speak again of him.
O, cleave, my sides!
Come in, equivocator.
O, cry your mercy, sir.
Do not do your cousin a so bad job.
O, do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
O, farewell, honest soldier.
O, do not fear me.
O, fie, fie, fie!
O, for my beads!
Oh, forgive me my sins!
O, he is a duke of Gloucester, and his sons and brothers are proud and proud, and if they were to be ruled and not to rule, this sickly land would be as a pain as before
O, gentlemen, see, see dead Henry’s wounds open their congealed mouths and bleed afresh!
Give me permission.
Oh my lord, tax not so bad a voice to slander music more than once.
O, sir, I do.
O, my grief has changed since you saw me last, and I have written strange defeatures in my face.
If the gods did it, I would not have called them merciless to us.
O, he is mad, Laertes.
He was gentle, mild and virtuous.
Help him, you sweet heavens!
O, how this mother swells up toward me!
How wonderful you are to see your wit restored!
I die, Horatio.
If I thought that, I would beat him like a dog.
If you are the same Egeon, speak, and speak to the same Emilia.
If you are the noblest of your strain, Young man, you will not be able to die more honorable.
In the battle, think about Buckingham, and die in terror of your guiltiness.
O, in the duke of Gloucester’s purse.
I am lost.
O, lady, lady, shame would have it hid.
Let her live, and I will corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, slander myself as false to Edward’s bed, throw over her the veil of infamy.
Let him pass.
Let it be.
O, let me kiss that hand!
Let me make the period to my curse!
O, let me not be mad, not mad, sweet heaven!
O, let me speak!
O, let me think on Hastings and be gone to Brecknock, while my fearful head is on.
Let us have him, because his silver hairs will buy us a good opinion and buy men’s voices to praise our actions.
Make them joyful.
I cannot say that.
You said that idle weeds are fast in growth.
Who has bound him here?
O, my poor brother!
No, name him.
O, never will you see sun that morrow see!
O, no, he loves me, and he holds me dear.
O, no!
O, now I need the priest who said to me.
Now, let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true successers of each royal house, join together by God’s fair ordinance, and let their heirs, God, if you will.
O, O, O, O.
O, one too much by you!
O, kindly, thank you for bringing these ill news, since you left it for my office.
O, a blatant and frantic outrage, let me die, to look on death no more.
You can be quick and easy.
Why not do it?
O, reform it altogether!
O, rejoice beyond a common joy, and set it down with gold on long pillars.
O, remember, God, to hear her prayer for them, as now for us!
O, serve me well, and teach yourself that duty.
O, she might have intercepted you, by strangling you in her womb, from all the slaughters that you have done.
O, she resigned the letter into a thousand halfpence, and railed at herself that she should be so stupid to write to one that she knew would be a fool.
O, she would laugh me out of myself, press me to death with wit.
I will not be so hard-hearted.
O, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think.
O, sir, all o'er-embellished with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, lowering their richness to the hot breath of Spain, who sent whole armadas of car
O, sixpence, that I had o' Wednesday last to pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper?
Keep me quiet, I sit by for a while.
O, teach me how I should forget to think.
O, teach me how you look and how you sway the motion of Demetrius' heart.
Tell me, Friar, tell me, in what vile part of this anatomy do I have?
O, you knew what you are.
O, you are not worth it, poor distressed soul.
O, that’s the sword to it.
O, the kindest Kate!
If you are dead, be bold to say Bassanio’s dead.
O, then by day, where will you find a cavern dark enough to mask your monstrous visage?
O, then I see you will not be able to do anything but with light gifts.
O, then it moved her?
Let lips do what they do.
O, they did not want it to be a threat to the king.
O, you prophesy that the time will come, and I will want you to help me curse that bottled spider, that foul bunch-backed toad!
You are well-skilled in curses, stay awhile, and teach me how to curse mine enemies.
O, do not touch me.
Train me not, sweet mermaid, with your note to drown me in your sister’s flood of tears.
O, unpleasing news!
O, welcome, father!
O, well flown, bird.
O, what a fall there, my countrymen!
O, what are your reasons, Thine being a moan, to overgo your woes and drown your cries?
What men do?
What more can I do to you than with that hand that cut your youth in two ways to sunder his enemy?
O, will you leave me dark?
O, will you leave me so unsatisfied?
O, would God give me the opportunity to be a savage sailor.
Yes, my lord, but very idle words.
O, yet defend me, friends.
You are novices!
O, you give me ill counsel.
O!
If you are going to sleep, go to Juliet.
O’er my spirit, you knew you were the best, and that you will be able to command me from the gods.
Obey your parents, keep your word’s justice, swear not, commit not with your swearing spouse, set your sweet heart on a proud array.
Obey you, love you, and most honor you.
Be sure to watch her, stand close.
Be careful, because he is a man of mockery, because I know this letter will make a contemplative idiot of him.
Be sure to check out his construction.
Observe how Antony becomes his flaw, and what you think is his action in every power that moves.
Octavia is a holy, cold, and still conversation.
Octavia weeps to take part from Rome.
Octavius, I have seen more days than you.
Octavius, you will be able to fight on the right hand of the field.
Octavius, then take him to follow you, that did the latest service to my master.
Od’s lifelings, here he is! You broke my head for nothing, and that I was set to do it by Sir Toby.
Of a knight who swore by his honor they were good pancakes, and swore by his honor the mustard was naughty.
What is a snail?
It is a strange thing to follow, but in such rule that the Venetian law cannot impug you as you do.
What are the powers of Albany and Cornwall you heard not?
Of all the days i've spent the year, I came to the day that our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
Of all the wonders that I have heard, it seems strange that men should fear, seeing that death, a necessary end, will come when it will come.
I can tell you everything about Hath’s memory.
Of the men fighting, they have threescore thousand.
Be afraid.
It is a color that is different.
Are you a lover?
Of lusty earls: Grandpré and Roussi, Faulconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, Vaudemont and Lestrale.
Of Mantua.
I am a kind uncle, who knows what I will give, and is a toy that is not a pain to give.
Of one who is not easily jealous, but who is wrought, is perplexed in the extreme.
Of one who, like the Indian, threw a pearl away Richer than all his tribe.
Of the princes in this number and nobles with banners, there are dead a hundred twenty-six.
Of so high and plenteous wit and invention!
Of that there is none, or little.
Of the king’s ship, the mariners, say how you have disposed, and all the rest of your fleet.
Of thirty sails.
I will overbear your will.
Of this, my letters before were very satisfying.
Pompey is currently seeking us, or he seeks us.
It is very bad.
What color is that?
What kind of cock should this cock come from?
I know that you are not the one who has done the wrong thing.
What is he?
What you will incite us to.
What is that, lady?
When I pray, I pray?
You are a woman.
Off with his son George’s head!
Throw it underfoot.
Off, pluck off!
You have not been able to get offended, but the king.
Officers, what have these men done?
I have heard of sanctuary men, but sanctuary children, ne'er, till now.
Stay until then.
Oh, you are there with me?
Oh ho, oh ho!
Oh my fair warrior!
Oh peace, Prince Dauphin!
Oh, I knew this husband, who, you say, must charge his horns with a sand.
Oh weary reckoning!
Well done!
I saw sweet beauty in her face as she had in her daughter’s face, which made him humble to her hand when he kissed the Cretan strand.
Oh yes, my lord.
Oh, it is a king.
Oh, she is foul.
Oh, it is a treason.
Oh, ill done, ill done, by my hand.
It was a scream to a monster’s ear, to make an earthquake.
Oh, it will be admirable!
Oh, a cherubim you were supposed to keep me.
Oh, a good wish to you.
Oh, a thousand thousand times, and then of so gentleness!
Oh, are you coming, Iago?
As summer flies are in the shambles, that is quickening even with blowing.
Oh, ay, Curtis, ay, and fire, fire.
Oh, ay.
Oh, banish me, my lord, but kill me not!
Oh, be sick, greatness, and give you a cure.
Oh, you see how pomp is followed.
Oh, yes, the riches of the ship come on shore!
Oh, beware, my lord, of jealousy!
Oh, bloody period!
Oh brave Iago, honest and just, that hasn’t made you feel like your friend is wrong.
Oh, but I fear.
Oh, but she is wise.
Oh, but she will keep her word.
Oh, no.
Oh, by this count I will be much in years to come.
Who is there?
Caesar, this Charmian lived but now.
Come, come up, dispatch!
Oh, can you speak, I might hear you call great Caesar unpolicied!
Oh, coward, to live so long to see my best friend ta'en before my face.
Oh, curse of marriage that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites.
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Oh, defend me!
Oh, devil, devil!
Oh, did he?
Oh, send me.
Oh, do not think you stand on the rivage and behold a city on its inconstant billows dancing, because so appears this fleet majestical Holding due course to Harfleur.
Oh, do not wish one more!
Oh, do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
Oh, excellent!
Oh, falsely murdered!
Oh, farewell!
Oh, farewell!
Oh, fie upon you, slanderer!
Oh, fie upon you, strumpet!
Oh, fie upon them!
Oh, fie, fie, fie!
Oh, fie!
Give us a chance, great king, to see the field in safety and dispose of their dead bodies.
God 'i'm good e'en.
Oh, God defends me!
He has given us a great example for our flight.
Oh, he murdered his master.
Oh, he is even in my mistress's case, just in her case.
He is gone.
He is a lovely gentleman.
He is back, and as pleasant as ever.
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Oh, forgive us!
Oh, heaven has mercy on me!
How did she get out?
Oh, I am a heavy ignorance.
Oh, help, ho!
Oh, help!
Oh, here is it.
Oh, here will I set up my everlasting rest, and shake the yoke of insignificant stars from this world-wearied flesh.
Oh, here is a cheveril wit that extends from an inch narrow to an ell broad.
Oh, ho, monster, we know what belongs to a frippery.
Oh, ho!
Oh, horrible, horrible, horrible, most horrible!
Oh, how he loves Caesar!
Oh, how long I have to chat with her.
Oh, how I love you!
Oh, how do I see his face now?
Oh, I am out of breath in this chase.
Oh, I am dead!
Oh, I am slain!
Oh, I am spoiled, and wiped out by villains.
Oh, I am undone, I am undone!
Oh, I could play the woman with my eyes and braggart with my tongue.
Oh, I could weep my spirit from my eyes.
Oh, I die for food.
Oh, I followed that I blushed to look upon.
I have heard him speak of that same brother, and he made him the most unnatural man amongst men.
Oh, I have read it.
I have suffered with those I saw suffer.
I was damned in hell, but I did not have to be a victim of this extremity.
If it does, the sands are kind and salt waves are fresh in love.
If you knew how you cherish your purpose, you will mock it.
You love your child so badly that you run mad, seeing that she is well.
Oh, isn’t it coming to this?
Oh, is that all?
Oh, is that he?
It came o'er my ear like the sweet sound, that breathes on a bank of violets, giving odor.
It is monstrous, monstrous.
Oh, it is my love.
It offends me to the soul to hear a periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings, who are capable of
Oh, lay me on my mistress' side.
Let me see you walk!
Let the heavens give him defense against the elements, because I have lost him on a dangerous sea.
Let their bodies follow, dear liege, with blood and sword and fire to win your right, in aid of which we will raise your Highness a sum as much as the clergy never brought in to any of your ancestors
Let us do so.
Let us be merciful.
Oh, sir, sir!
Oh, look!
Oh, let’s get to the end of what I have begun.
Oh, me, lieutenant!
Oh, mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities.
Oh, misfortune!
Oh, monstrous!
Oh, the lame conclusion.
Oh, I have some ill-intentional thing.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, Cassio!
Oh, my fortunes have Corrupted honest men.
Oh, my heart bleeds to think o' th' teen that I have turned you to, which is from my memory.
Oh, my lord, wisdom and blood fighting in a so tender body, we have ten proofs to one that blood has the victory.
Oh my god, my mercy!
Oh, my soul’s joy!
Oh, no, good Kate.
Oh, no.
Oh, noble weakness!
Now, let me go, and let me know.
Now you weep, and I feel the pity of the pity.
Who will behold the royal captain of this ruined band?
Oh, Oh, Oh!
Oh, ominous!
Oh, my cousin is belied.
Oh, because of that “no hope” you have so much hope.
Oh, pardon me, Signior Gremio, I will do it.
Oh, quick, or I am gone.
Oh, rare for Antony!
Oh, rarely base!
Oh, relation Too nice and yet too true.
Oh, say so, and so will be!
Oh, she taught the torches to burn brightly.
Oh, she is lame.
She is ten times more gentle than her father’s crabbed, and he is composed of harshness.
Oh, she knew that your love read by rote, and that was not a spell.
Oh, she was foul!
Oh, she was heavenly.
Oh, she will sing the savageness out of a bear.
Oh, so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.
Oh, speak about that.
Oh, strange!
Oh, strange!
Oh, so much more sleep, that I could see But another man.
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, temperance, lady!
Zehn times faster, Venus' pigeons fly to seal love’s bonds new made than they are wont to keep obligèd faith unforfeited.
Oh, that a lady of one man refused to be abused.
Oh, that a man might know what is going on today’s business.
Oh, that brave Caesar!
Oh, that estates, degrees and offices were not corrupted, and that honor was purchased by the wearer.
That is what is more than that, they say.
Oh, that is not what you know.
Oh, that I served that lady and could not be delivered to the world, until I had made my own occasion mellow, what my estate is.
Oh, I was a fool.
Oh, that I was a glove on that hand that I could touch that cheek.
Oh, I was a man for his sake.
Oh, I was a man.
Oh, that my prayers could move so much.
Oh, that record is lively in my soul.
Oh, she knew she was!
That earth, which kept the world in awe, should patch a wall to expel the winter’s flaw.
Oh, that slave had forty thousand lives.
That is one of those men in England who do not work today.
That we could come by Caesar’s spirit and not dismember Caesar.
If she can make her fault for her husband’s occasion, she will never nurse her child herself, because she will breed it like a fool.
You bore the mind that I do, what a sleep would you have given you for your advancement.
Oh, that your frightened smiles would teach me such skill.
Oh, that your Highness knew my heart in this way: I never loved my brother in my life.
That is a brave man.
Oh, that is the chair.
Oh, the cry knocked my heart.
Oh, the difference between man and man.
Oh, the gods!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the more angel she is, and you are the blacker devil.
The people in the street cry “Romeo,” some “Juliet” and others “Paris” and all run with open outcry toward our monument.
Oh, the world is not a sweeter creature, she might lie by an emperor’s side and command him tasks.
You rode, like a kern of Ireland, your French hose off and in your straight strossers.
Oh, then be like you fancy riches more.
Oh, then I see that madmen have no ears.
We bring forth weeds when our quick minds lie still, and our ills told us Is our earing.
Oh, then, I see Queen Mab has been with you.
What graces do I have in my love dwell, that he has turned a heaven to a hell.
There has been so much throwing about brains.
Oh, so hangs a tail.
Oh, these flaws and starts, Impostors to true fear, would well become a woman’s story at a winter’s fire, Authorized by her grandam.
Oh, these men, these men!
Oh, they are our friends.
Oh, they take the part of a better wrestler than myself.
Oh, think you will ever meet again?
Oh, this false soul of Egypt!
Oh, this is it that makes your servants droop!
Oh, this is the poison of deep grief.
You are fooled.
Oh, you are wise.
You love me so much.
Oh, you will again speak of banishment.
Oh, your vile lady!
Oh, treason of the blood!
Oh, treble woe Fall ten times on that cursèd head, who wickedly you deserved to be privified!
Oh, villain I am!
Oh, villain!
Oh, villainous!
Oh, villainy, villainy!
Oh, was she so?
Oh, well-a-day, Lady!
Oh, what a good outside falsehood has!
Oh, what a rogue and a slain slave am I!
What a world is this when what is comely envenoms him that bears it!
Oh, what authority and show of truth can cunning sin cover itself withal!
What a learning experience!
When she had writ it and read it over, she found “Benedick” and “Beatrice” between the sheets.
Where is Romeo?
Oh, whither have you led me, Egypt?
Who has done this?
Why not rebuke you him who loves you so much?
Oh, widow Dido?
Oh, he is the garland of the war.
Oh, wow!
Oh, wonder!
Oh, wonderful!
Oh, wretched villain!
Yes, I heard them all, and more, because some of them had more feet than the verses would bear.
Oh, yet I repent from my fury that I killed them.
You and I have heard our fathers say, there was a Brutus once that would have brooked Th'evil as easily as a king to keep his state in Rome.
You are men of stones.
You are sick of self-love, Malvolio, and taste with a distempered appetite.
Oh!
Old Cassius still.
Old fashions please me best.
Old I wax, and from my weary limbs honor is cudgeled.
Old lord, I cannot blame you, who is attached to my slur of spirits.
Old Montague is coming, and flourishes in spite of me.
I am here at a moderate pace, but I am here.
On a trice, please, even in a dream we were divided from them and brought moping into the world.
On each side, her stood pretty, dimpled boys, like smiling Cupids, with divers-colored fans, who seemed to glow the delicate cheeks they coold, and what they undid did
On Fortune’s cap we are not the button.
I lay on him what you would lay on me, the right and fortune of his happy stars, which God defends that I should wring from him.
That is what keeps me busy and is not so bad?
Is that all that is equal to Edward’s sex?
I beg you to scream at me raiment, bed, and food.
On a so full sea, we are now afloat, and we must take the current when it serves or lose our ventures.
On the ground, sleep sound.
On the sixth hour, my lord, you said our work should cease.
It is not a blemish, but fresher than before.
On Thursday, sir?
You are a good man, I will be a good man.
On your love, I will be a big fan.
On Tuesday noon, or night, or Wednesday morn.
What is my compulsion?
When God knows what happens, not I, the queen your mother and your brother York have taken refuge.
On, gentlemen.
On, on, on, on!
You are the noblest English, who is fet from fathers of war-proof fathers, Fathers that, like so many Alexanders, have in these parts from morn till even fought and sheathe
On, to the field!
On.
Once again remove, good friends.
Once again, dear friends, or close the wall up with our English dead!
Again, adieu.
Once again, Cesario, get you to a great deal of cruelty.
Good night, nice lords and gentlemen.
What are the news?
One aloof stand sentinel.
One Angelo, a goldsmith.
One cried, “God bless us!” and the other said, “Amen” the other, as they had seen me with these hangman’s hands.
One dead, or drunk?
One does not know how much an ill word may empoison liking.
One draught above heat makes him a fool, the second mads him, and a third drowns him.
One ever near you.
One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons!
One more fair than my love?
One from the Lord Stanley.
One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.
One Hero died defiled, but I live, and as I live, I am a maid.
One inch of delay is a South Sea of discovery.
One is too poor, too weak for my revenge.
I will kiss you.
One knocks.
One knocks.
One minded like the weather, most unquietly.
One of my fellows had the speed of him, who, almost dead for breath, had barely more than would make up his message.
One of them rates all that is won and lost.
One of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey.
One of these three is her heavenly picture.
One side will mock another, the other will mock another.
I loved one of the speeches in it.
You will be freed from the tribute you pay.
One that Frederick, your father, loves.
One thing more is that you execute, to make one of these wooers.
One imperfection shows me another, to make me despise myself.
I like this one very much.
One woe treads on another’s heel, so fast they follow.
One word more will make me chide you, if not hate you.
One word more, honest neighbors.
One word more.
One word, sir.
One would think his mother’s milk was scarce.
One that God has made himself to martin.
One that you must kiss and be familiar with.
One thing is that he will do more than you have heard him do it.
One?
One.
Be patient until we have appeased the multitude, beside themselves with fear, and then we will deliver you the cause, why I love Caesar when I struck him.
Only for this, I pray you, beg you.
I will kiss you there.
Give me a chance, unworthy as I am, to follow you.
He has not yet subscribated this: Where your Majesty demands that the king of France, having any occasion to write for grant, shall name your Highness in this form and with this addition, in French: I
I will only be here for a while, until I kiss the poor last time I lay on your lips.
I only say things have been borne strangely.
I will only give up to die.
Only in the world I fill a place that is better supplied when I have made it empty.
I stood out, and if I be lapsèd in this place, I will pay dear.
Only th’ adulterous Antony, most large in his abominations, turns you off and gives his potent regiment to a trull that noises it against us.
I can afford her, because if she was other than she is, she was unhandsome and I do not like her.
I will only try to do anything to keep up with them.
Open it, and read it.
Open the tomb.
Open your gates.
Open, locks, who knocks.
Ophelia, walk you here.
Or any of your factions?
Or as if it were perfumed by a fen.
Or be alive again, and he will go to the desert with your sword.
Or blessè was we not?
Or was it by request and such a fair question as soul to soul?
Or Charles or something weaker masters you.
Did I dream of it?
Did the letters work on his blood and new-create his fault?
Do you have counterfeits?
Do you play the jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter?
Or docks, or mallows.
He walks?
It stood upon the choice of friends, to choose love by one’s eyes.
She could not have the wit to do so.
What follows?
Have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason for prisoner?
Or he who slammed her brothers and her uncles?
Or here, or at the Capitol.
Or I forget myself?
I do not have a respect for it.
I will live or bathe my dying honor in the blood and make it live again.
I promise you.
I will give him your indignation by mouth.
If it did not, your first is dead, or he was not as good as he was, as he was living here and you did not use him.
If not, then here I hit it right: Our Romeo has not been in bed tonight.
If you follow me, do not believe, but I will do your best to you.
If you have not broken away from company, as my passion now makes me, you have not loved it.
If you have not sat as I do now, you have not loved your praises.
If you have risen in your life, you have buried treasure in the womb of earth, for which you are a man who walks in death.
Or image of that horror?
Is he on his horse?
Is the adder better than the aal because his painted skin contents the eye?
Are your gold and silver ewes and rams?
Keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in!
Or like a whale.
Or neither?
Or mine either?
If you do, it is too low to be a bad thing.
Or, do I not tell you in truth that I do not love you, nor can I?
Or, do your pleasure.
Say sweet love, what you want to eat.
Or will I say her uncle?
Is she ten times undervalued to try gold?
Or will we continue without apology?
Or do I sleep now and think I hear all this?
Or stole it, rather.
If I had any friend, I would be a man for my sake.
Or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more, not meaning any harm?
What are you doing?
Who has been sentenced to death for poor Clarence's death before I can be sentenced by law?
Or will you hunt?
Would you have me speak like a professed tyrant to their sex?
If I fail, I will put the Moor in a jealousy so strong that judgment cannot cure it.
If his mind is awry, give me his letter.
If your woe is a little sour and will be ranked with other griefs, why not, when she said “Tybalt’s dead,” “Thy father” or “thy mother”, n
If you do, swear by your gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, and I will believe you.
If you borrow one another’s love for the instant, you may, when you hear no more words of Pompey, return it again.
If you do not, make the bridal bed in that dim monument where Tybalt lies.
If you do, come home to me and I will wait for you.
Orlando lobbies you and that young man he calls his Rosalind and sends this bloody napkin.
Orlando, my liege, the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, noble sir, be pleased that I shake off these names you give me.
Orsino, this is Antonio who took the leg when your young nephew Titus lost his leg.
Orsino.
Othello, leave some officer behind and he will bring you to our commission, and other things of quality and respect as doth import you.
Othello?
Othello’s occupation is gone.
Other women cloy the appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where she is most satisfied, for vile things Become themselves in her, that the holy priests Bless her when she is riggish.
Our arms in strength of malice and our hearts of brothers' temper are filled with love, good thoughts, and reverence.
Our army will attend this funeral solemnly, and then to Rome.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
Our brother is imprisoned by your means, myself shamed, and the noblest is held in contempt, while great promotions are given daily to ennoble those that scarcely two days since were worth 
Our care and regret is so much for you that we remain your friend.
Our course will seem too bloody, Caius Cassius, to cut the head off and then hack the limbs, like a wrath in death and envy afterwards, because Antony is only a limb
We had dinner done and he was not coming either way, I went to seek him.
Our duties, and the pledge.
Our duty to you is to honor you.
Our enemies have knocked us down.
Our expectation has come to an end.
Our fears in Banquo Stick deep, and his royalty of nature reigns what would be feared.
Our force by land is nobly held.
Our fortune lies upon this jump.
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks most regrettablely.
Our foster nurse of nature is a resurgence, the one he lacks, that is, to provoke in him, many simples operatives, who will close the eye of anger.
My fraughtage, sir, has been a part of my ship and I have bought the oil, the balsamum and the aqua vitae.
Our friends stay for you.
Our general cast us so early for the love of his Desdemona, who let us not be blamed.
Our general is now the general.
Our old friend, Lay comfort to your bosom, and give your needful counsel to our business, which craves the instant use.
Our gracious brother, I will go with them.
Our hour is full.
Our house is hell, and you, a merry devil, have robbed it of some taste of tediousness.
Our instruments to melancholy bells, Our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast.
Our Italy Shines o’er with civil swords.
He was awakened by our knocking.
Our masquing mates will be staying at this time.
Our master and mistress seeks you.
Our posts will be swift and intelligent.
Our power is ready
Our preparations are in expectation of them.
Our current business is to general woes.
My purpose is to find out what God has found, and I repent my fault more than my death, which I ask Your Highness to forgive, even though my body pay the price of it.
Our queen and all our elves come here anon.
We are so happy that you, Antony, the son of Caesar, should be satisfied.
Our separated fortune will keep us both safe.
Our separation is so long and flies that you, living here, are still with me, and I, therefore fleeting, here remain with you.
Our severed navy has knit again and is threatening the sealike.
I may be sexy, but I feel the injury alone.
Our sorrow, proportioned to our cause, must be as great as that which makes it.
Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change, Our bridal flowers serve as a burial corse, and everything changes them to the contrary.
Our son will win.
Our time is a call.
My tongue is rough, coz, and my condition is not smooth, so that, having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery about me, I cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that he will appear
Our troops will be deployed tomorrow.
Our wars are done, the Turks are drowned.
Our whole city is bound to him.
Our will is to be taken alive.
Our worse thoughts are a good thing.
Our yoke and suffering show us that we are women.
Ourself will mingle with society and play the humble host.
We are ourselves.
That was my lady’s voice.
I assure you that you are on the moon.
You are right, sir.
What are your wits and hearings?
He is transported out of doubt.
I am out of sight!
You are not offended, dear Cesario.
Out of their saddles, they are buried in dirt and hang a tale.
Out of these convertites, there is much to learn.
She is a little ill.
You are out on the road, seeming.
She is out of her way.
You are here, old carrion!
You are out!
Oh, sorry!
Out, fool.
Out, loathèd medicine!
Out, out, a brief candle!
Out, tawny Tartar, out!
Out, a tastier villain!
You are out, you are out of your bag.
You green sickness, carrion!
Out.
Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire.
Over your wounds, I prophesy—that, like dumb mouths, do not ope their ruby lips to beg my voice and utterance— A curse will light upon the limbs of men.
Pah!
Pale or red?
Please, dear Rosalind.
Pardon me, I pray you.
Be merci, sweet one, even for the vows we made each other but so late ago.
Pardon me.
Be sorry not.
Be merciless, if I answer you for that.
Pardon this fault, and by my soul I swear I never more will give you a oath.
Be merci, dear father.
Pardon, master.
Be merci, my lord.
Pardon, sweet father.
Part them!
Have you been good at it?
Parting is such a sweet sorrow that I will say good night till it is morrow.
Pass!
Pass.
I see, the passion is catching, for my eyes, seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine, poured into water.
Past all expressing.
It is a question that you have been asked, because you will not be able to curl by nature.
Past the mid season.
Pat, pat.
Patience unmoved!
Patience, Audrey.
Patience, sir.
Patience, I pray you!
Patience, I say.
Pause for a while, and let my counsel guide you in this case.
Pay him six thousand and deface the bond!
Peace is with Burgundy.
Peace then!
Peace there!
Peace again.
Peace, children, peace.
Peace, doting wizard, peace.
Peace, fool.
Peace, fool.
Peace, Grumio.
Peace, for shame!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, ho!
Peace, I say.
Peace, peace, Iras.
Peace, peace!
Peace, peace!
Peace, sirrah!
Peace, Smulkin.
peace, this piece of cheese won’t.
Peace, you dull fool.
Peace, you mumbling fool.
Peace, you rogue, no more o' that.
Peace, you were the best.
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace!
Peace.
Peace. Who comes here?
Peaseblossom.
I will sing it at her death.
Perchance will walk again.
He is not drowned. What do you think, sailors?
He will not mind me.
She cannot meet him.
Perchance till after Theus' wedding day.
Perchance, Iago, I will ne'er go home.
Perchance?
Perdie, your doors were locked and you were shut down.
Perdition catch my soul, but I love you!
I must confess I thought you were a lord of more gentleness.
Do not do it, or we will do it.
I will probably return immediately.
Maybe a merchant has invited him, and from the mart, he is somewhere gone to dinner.
Maybe you have learned it without book.
Perish the man who is backward now!
Persever, counterfeit sad looks, make mouths upon me when I turn my back, Wink each other, hold the sweet jest up.
Persuade me to be slave and sumpter to this detested groom.
Peter Quince — What do you mean by bullying Bottom?
Peter, did you ever see the same thing?
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter!
Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son, a man well known in all parts of Italy.
Petruchio, go your way
Petruchio, patience.
If you are a little older, you will be able to do so.
Phoebe wrote it.
Phoebe, with all my heart.
Make sure to check out our imperfections with your thoughts.
Pindarus, we want our commanders to take their charges off.
Pinion him like a thief, bring him to us.
Pisa, renownèd for grave citizens, gave me my name and my father first, a merchant of great traffic through the world, Vincentio, come of the Bentivolii.
Pish for you, Iceland dog, You have prick-eared cur of Iceland!
Pish!
Pish!
Pitchers have ears.
A beautiful sight!
He was so sane and he was so sane, I would have seen him damned ere I would have challenged him.
Plain and not honest is a too harsh style.
Plantagenet.
Play the men.
Play with your fancies and you will see, Upon the hempen tackle, shipboys climb.
Please if you are a royal, please grace us with your royal company?
Please let your Grace lead you on?
Please give it your grace, and you will be able to get through the state affairs.
Please you, draw near.
Please, farther.
Please you, sir, do not omit the heavy offer of it.
Please, let me stay.
If you walk with me down to his house, I will discharge my bond and thank you.
If you have a chance to nominate some of your council members who are currently sitting with us again with better care to resurrect them, we will suddenly pass our acceptable and imprisoned answer.
If you ask your Majesty to leave, I will meet my friends and meet your Grace, where and when your Majesty will please.
Pleasure and action make the hours seem short.
I have laid a lot of money, inductions dangerous, by drunken prophecies, libels and dreams, to set my brother Clarence and the king in deadly hate, the one against the other
Pluck, but his name is out of his heart and turn him into a good man.
Pluck out his eyes.
Pluck them asunder.
Bring your spirits up.
Pluck up, my heart, and be sad.
When they were tempted by a offering, they couldn’t find a heart inside the beast.
Isn’t it a blow in my face?
Poison, I see, has been his timeless end.
It was a shame.
Pompey laughs away his fortune.
Pompey is strong at sea, and it appears he is beloved of those who only feared Caesar.
Pompey Thrives in our idleness.
You speak like a green girl, unsifted in such a dangerous circumstance.
Poor and content is rich enough, and rich enough, but riches are as poor as winter to him that ever fears he will be poor.
Poor Antony!
Poor bird!
Poor heart, adieu.
Poor I am, but his staleness.
Poor lady, she will run mad when she will be missing it.
Poor living corse, closed in a dead man’s tomb.
Poor man!
Poor men alone?
Poor Ophelia slid from herself and her fair judgment, and we would not be pictures, or mere beasts.
Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune, Why do you sugar on that bottled spider, Whose deadly web ensnareth you?
Poor prattler, how do you talk?
Poor soul, your face is abused with tears.
Poor soul!
Poor souls, they died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his good wits.
Poor Tom will lead you.
Poor Tom, your horn is dry.
Poor Tom.
Poor Turlygod!” “Poor Tom!”— That’s something yet.
Poor venomous fool Be angry and dispatch.
Portia is dead.
Portia, adieu.
Portia, you have gone?
Oh, forgive me this enforcéd wrong, and when I hear these friends say hello to you, even by your own fair eyes.
What is your name?
Possess them not with fear.
Post back with speed and tell him what he has done.
Post to Salisbury.
Post-post-haste, dispatch.
Pour in the blood of the murderer, who has eaten her nine farrows, and grease that is sweaty from the murderer’s gibbet throw into the flame.
Pour on, I will endure.
Pox on ’t!
Pray to be God, and not our strength, for it!
What do you think, James Soundpost?
Pray God it is, sir.
Pray God, he will keep his oath.
Pray God, I say, I am a useless coward.
Pray God, sir, your wife sends you not a worse.
Pray heaven I betray you.
Pray heaven it is State matters, as you think, and no conception nor jealous toy concerning you.
Pray heavens, he is, because I have served him, and the man commands like a full soldier.
Pray now, rest yourself.
Pray you, corporal, stay.
Pray you, go seek him, and bring him to my tent.
Pray you, marry us.
Pray you, sweet Mistress Margaret, and you deserve good things in my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice.
Pray you, take pain to get rid of some cold drops of modesty, so that through your wild behavior I will be misconstripped in the place I go to, and lose my hopes.
Pray, go.
Pray, sir?
Pray you are ever known to patience.
Pray you come in.
Pray you do not, sir.
Pray you lead.
Pray you now, forget and forgive.
Pray you now, Nay, for I have lost command.
Pray you sit still.
Pray you, avoid it.
Pray you, away.
Pray you, be careful.
Pray you, go with us.
Pray you, grab your generals after.
Pray you, if it is, give it to me, because I am too slow to study.
Pray you, is he married to Cleopatra?
Pray you, keep your seat.
Pray you, leave your courtesy, monsieur.
Pray you, let Cassio be received again.
Pray you, let’s not be fooled by it, but give me your blessing.
Pray you, let’s sit together.
Pray you, look not sad, nor make replies of loath.
Pray you, no more of that.
Pray you, sir, do you know of this matter?
Pray you, sir, stand up.
Pray you, sit down, and we sit for now to chat and eat.
Pray you, tell him I am his fortune’s vassal, and I send him the greatness he has got.
Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not hear a foot fall.
Pray, chuck, come here.
Pray, do not mock me.
Pray, give me that.
Pray, have you not a daughter called Katherina, fair and virtuous?
Pray, set it down and rest you.
Pray, sir, be patient.
Pray, then, foresee me one.
Pray, what do you think is his name?
Pray, write down, “Borachio.”
Prepare the body and follow us.
Prepare us for our marriage
Prepare you, generals.
Prescribe not us our duty.
He is now away, because strangely they strain the cure. Come, lady, die to live.
What is happening today?
He is in the works.
Press near him and second him.
Pretty soul!
Primo, secundo, tertio is a good play, and the old saying is, the third pays for all.
Prince Dauphin, you will stay with us in Rouen.
Prince John is stolen this morning secretly.
Princes and counties!
Princes have only their titles for their glories, An outward honor for an inward toil.
Prison, my lord?
I am a little devoted to Prithee.
Prithee says true!
Prithee, away.
Be cheerful.
Be content.
Do not be angry.
Prithee, dispatch.
Do not turn me around.
Prithee, Emilia, go know Cassio where he supped tonight.
Prithee, friend, preheat the ear to mine, the good and bad together.
Go in your way.
How many boys and wenches do I have?
If you love me, tell me.
Keep up your quillets.
Prithee, listen well.
Prithee, my king, be quiet.
No more.
Prithee, nuncle, be contented.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Put up.
Prithee, say on.
Prithee, see there!
Who is that you mean?
Continue, Moon.
Proceed, proceed.
Proceed, Solinus, to get my fall, and by the doom of death end woes and all.
Proceed.
Proculeius, what have you done to your master Caesar?
Promise me life, and I will confess the truth.
Pronounce it for me, sir, to all our friends, because my heart speaks they are welcome.
Pronounce that sentence then on me, my liege.
Pronounce this sentence then: Women may fall when there is no strength in men.
Pronounce.
Proof enough to misuse the Prince, to vex Claudio, to remove Hero and kill Leonato.
I thank you, I thank you, and I thank you not, but I am not proud.
If I lose more blood with love than I will ever get again with drinking, pick my eyes up with a ballad maker’s pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house for the sign of blind
Prove true, imagination, oh, prove true, that I, dear brother, be now ta'en for you!
Provide your way
Provoque him that he can.
Provoke not to fight until we have done it on the sea.
Puppet?
Pursue him and bring him to peace.
Push home.
Put color in your cheek.
Put enough money in your purse.
Put money in your purse.
Put off your maiden blushes, avouch the thoughts of your heart with the look of an empress, take me by the hand and say “Harry of England, I am thine,” which means you
Put my crown on my crown.
Put on what you do not want to do, you and your fellow servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put the light out, and then put it out.
Put them to work.
Put your sword up, or manage to take these men with me.
Put your sword on the ground.
Put your torches out.
Pyramus draws near the wall.
Quail, crush, conclude, and quell!
Quarrel, sir?
Queen Margaret saw Thy murd'rous falchion smoking in his blood, the one you bendd against her breast, but your brothers beat aside the point.
Question enrages him.
Question it, Horatio.
Ask your Grace the late ambassadors with what great state he heard their embassy, how well supplied with noble counselors, how modest in exception, and how terrible in constant resolution.
Question: Why, an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum.
Quick, quick!
Let me have it.
Send your message to your castle, for my e-mail is about Lear and Cordelia.
You are a good man.
Is that dumb?
Quot my master.
Rage, blow!
Raise up the Montagues.
You have been a long time ago slammed.
Rapier and dagger.
Rarely, rarely.
Ratcliffe, about midnight, come to my tent and help me arm me.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, is I.
Ratcliffe!
If you are a ditch in Egypt, you will be a gentle grave to me.
I would rather approach it too late!
Instead, make my country’s high pyramides my gibbet and hang me up in chains!
Instead of letting the waterflies blow me into a mud, lay me naked.
You should not look at his judgment.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony!
Read it.
Read the will!
Read the will.
You have to take this challenge.
Read.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Ready, my lord.
Please, please, please.
Ready.
Ready.
Realms and islands were as plates dropped from his pocket.
Rebellious dead, rise never until the wood of Birnam rises, and our high-placed Macbeth will live the lease of nature, pay his breath to time and mortal custom.
Rebellions it at these years?
I will do it.
Receive what you want.
Do not use it.
Refuse not this proffered love, mighty lord.
Regan, I hope you didn’t know what you said.
Regan, I think you are.
I will tell you what you are doing about the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Hermia is sweet and sweet, and Lysander is able to give me a certain title.
Are you still waiting?
Rest in darkness.
Remember to first possess his books, because without them, he is not as good as I am, nor has he no one to command.
Remember it, my lord?
Remember March, remember the ides of March.
Remember me.
Remember me.
Remember our reward when the act is done.
Remember that you call me today.
Remember you!
Remember what I said.
Remember who commended your yellow stockings — “Your yellow stockings?
Remember that you have died on a teddy bear?
Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
Renown and grace are dead.
Renownèd duke, vouchsafe to take the pains to go with us here and hear at large discourse on all our fortunes, and all that is assembled in this place that by this sympathizèd sympa
Repair your wit, good youth, or it will fall to cureless ruin.
Is he a great man with such a deep shame?
Repent but you will lose your friend, and he will not pay your debt.
Repent that you have so betrayed your tongue.
Reply not.
Report is changeable.
Repose you there, while I go to this hard house, more difficult than the stones where tis raised, which even now, demanding after you, denied me to come in, will return and force their scathing 
Reproach and everlasting shame Sits mocking our plumes.
Reputation, reputation, reputation!
Rescue, fair lord, or else the day is lost!
Rescue, my lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Reserve them until a merrier hour than this.
Rest you happy!
Rest you merry!
Retire you, go where you are.
Retire us.
Retire!
Return to her, and fifty men dismissed?
Return with her?
Return you to my sister.
Return, good Catesby, to the gracious duke.
Isn’t it so soon?
Revenge his ill-fated and unnatural murder.
Revenge.
Revenges burn in them, for their dear causes would cause the bleeding and the alarm to excite the mortified man.
Revolving this will teach you how to curse.
Richard, except those who we fight against would rather win than him.
Richard loves Richard
Richard of York, how does our loving brother behave?
Richard lives, hell’s black intelligencer, only reserved their factor to buy souls and send them to the end.
Richard!
Richmond is on the seas.
Isn’t it?
Ride to the horsemen on a hill.
Ride you this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, ride, and give these bills to the legions on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I am so glad he was not at this fray.
Right now, you are the most worthy brother England.
It is your son Lucentio here who loves my daughter and she loves him, or both of them dissemble deeply their affections.
Right, dear madam.
Right, as snow in harvest.
Right, I mean you.
Ring the bell.
To be engulfed with those vows that break themselves in swearing!
Rise and lend your ear.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you must play Thisbe’s mother.
Roderigo killed?
Roderigo!
Rogue, you have lived too long.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers!
Rome, you have lost the breed of noble bloods!
Romeo can, although heaven cannot.
Romeo is banishèd.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo is not allowed to live.
Romeo will thank you, daughter, for us both.
Romeo slammed him
Romeo slammed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo, away, be gone!
Come forth.
Romeo, he screams loud, “Hold, friends!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, will you come to your father’s house?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo.
Romeo is a dishclout.
Room for Antony, most noble Antony!
Room, ho!
Room!
Rosalind is your love’s name?
Rosalind is not the one who tells you that you are one.
Rosalind is a better leerer than you.
It is a bit of a fault.
I answered with a sigh.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
Royal Lear, Who I have ever honored as my king, Loved as my father, as my master followed me, as my great patron thought on in my prayers.
Royal Queen!
Royal wench!
Rub him about the temples.
I am a ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow.
Rumble your bellyfulls!
It is rumored that my wife is very sick.
Run after that peevish messenger, the county’s man.
Run away, I pray you!
Run, proclaim, cry about the streets.
Run one before and let the Queen know of our gests.
Run to the Capitol, and nothing else?
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall upon your knees, pray to the gods to stop the plague that needs to be eradicated.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, run, run!
Sad, lady!
Saddle my horses.
He is safe in a ditch, with twenty trenches on his head, the least a death to nature.
Safe, Antony.
Safely stowed.
Safer than trust too far.
He said he was not so?
Have you said so?
Sailor, my lord.
Saint Davy’s day is past.
Saint Francis is my speed!
Saint Valentine is past.
Saints do not move, though they grant for prayers' sake.
Sans fable, she slapped you there.
Satan, avoid!
Save means to live.
Save you, Curan.
Save you, friend, and your music.
Save you, friend Cassio!
Save you, gentleman.
Save you, worthy general!
Here is the note on how much your chain weighs to the highest carat, how fine the gold is and how it is a slapstick, which is more than I am debted to this gentleman.
Who is there?
Have you seen anything?
Did you see him today?
Have you seen me?
Did you see you no more?
Have you seen you as the king today, my lord of Derby?
Have you seen the weird sisters?
Saw you enter here?
Isn’t you the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
Say that is not the case, a province I will give you and make your fortunes proud.
Say “a day” without the “ever.” No, no, Orlando, men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are
Say again, where did you leave these varlets?
Say boldly.
Say either, and I will stay in the same situation.
Say from when you owe this strange intelligence, or why you stop our way on this blasted heath with such prophetic greetings.
Say I am sick.
Say I will love her forever.
Say I am her sovereign, and she is her subject.
Say it is done, and I will love you and prefer you for it.
Say it, Othello.
Say it is not, Agrippa.
Say it is not.
Say goodbye, my loving lord.
Say our pleasure, to such a place that is under us, requires our quick removal from hence.
Say she is mute and will not speak a word
Say she will be a high and mighty queen.
Say that I did all this for love of her.
Say that I sat with you at your shop to see the making of her carcanet, and that tomorrow you will bring it home.
Say that I slew them out.
Say that I wish he never found more reason to change a master.
Say that she is a frightened woman
Say that she is a sailor
Say that some lady, as well as maybe there is, has a great heart for you.
Say that the last I spoke was “Antony,” and say it, prithee, indignately.
Say they are unable to do their job.
Say that you overheard us, and bid her to steal into the sand of the bower where honeysuckles ripened by the sun Forbid the sun to enter, like favorites Made proud by princes, that
Say that you love me not, but say that you are bitter.
Say then my peace is made.
Say this becomes him, as he is rare, and he must be able to hide his foils when we bear so much weight in his lightness.
Say you are not alone, and that bare vowel is more than the eye of cockatrice.
Say to me who will rise higher than Caesar’s or mine?
Say to the king I would be able to take a few words to his leisure.
Say to the king the knowledge of the broiler as you left it.
Say what you will, sir, but I know what I know.
Say what, is Horatio there?
Say you have wronged her, sir.
Say you so?
Say you?
Say, “the brave Antony.” The valiant Caesar!
Say, have you consented to die?
Say, how much is it going to be?
Say, how is that?
Say, if you had rather heard it from our mouths, or from our masters.
Say, is your tardy master now at hand?
Say, my spirit, how far the king and his followers are going?
If our brother comes, where will we sojourn till our coronation?
Say, Voltemand, what is our brother Norway?
What?
Say it, friend?
Say you so?
Say you are dark.
Sblood, an arrant traitor as any other in the universal world, or in France, or in England.
You will not hear me.
Do you think I am more likely to be played on than a pipe?
If philosophy could find it, there is something more natural in this than natural.
I do not make my cups, and make me as much as when mine was your fellow, and suffered my command.
Scape being drunk for wine.
You are saying it.
Scorn and defiance, slight regard, contempt, and anything that may not be a bad thing to the sender, he will be a good judge.
Scout me for him at the corner of the orchard like a bum-baily.
I am snatching my head, Peaseblossom.
It was a tad like yours.
Scurvy knave!
Scurvy knave!
Seafaring men, sir.
Seal then, and all is done. Eros!
Seal the mouth of outrage for a while, until we can clear these ambiguities and know their spring, their head, their true descent.
Search every acre in the high-grown field, and bring him to our eyes.
Search, seek, and know how this murder comes.
I searched the window for a flint and found this paper, which was sealed up, and I am sure it didn't lie there when I went to bed.
Season your admiration for a while with an attentive ear, until I can deliver this marvel to you upon the witness of these gentlemen.
Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father
Security gives way to conspiracy.
You are better, Lear, and let me remain the true blank of your eye.
See for the news.
See him delivered, Fabian
See how beastly she is courting him.
See how she snuck her cheek on her hand.
See how they kiss and court!
See how justice is wrought upon a simple thief.
See it done and feast the army.
I will never see him again, whether he is dead or not.
See not your bride in these unreverent robes.
I will give you more instructions.
You do not see you dissembling.
See what a rent the envious Casca made.
See where he looks out of the window.
See where his Grace stands, he has tween two clergymen.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives as prisoners to her womanly persuasion.
See where she comes from with a merry look.
See where they come from.
See, and then speak yourself.
See, Caesar!
He breathes?
Here he comes.
It stalks away.
You, my women, can stop their nose against the rose that sank to the buds.
Here is the man we went to seek.
See, see, our honored hostess!
You will be able to thank them with their hearts' thanks.
Who comes here?
You are with your wife.
You will never see it.
Seek him, ask him to come here.
I will meet him, Titinius, while I will meet the noble Brutus, thrusting this report into his ears.
See it out.
Seek your own ease.
Do not want to know more.
Seek, seek for him, and let his ungoverned rage dissolve the life that wants the means to lead it.
See!
Are they religious?
Isn’t it?
You are here, this is the mouth of your cell.
What is this sweet sight?
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters
Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt
Self-harming jealousy, fie, beat it hence.
Self-love, my liege, is not so vile a sin as self-neglecting.
Send him for him, good uncle.
Send to the county.
Send for the man and ask him.
Send him but hither and I will fashion him.
Send one to Sir Toby.
Send out more horses.
Send the act after me, and I will sign it.
Send your man away.
Send your token of reprieve.
Send him to his brother.
Sent he to Macduff?
Servant-monster?
Serve God, love me, and mend.
Serve God.
Serve you, sir.
Service.
Set down your venerable burden, and let him feed.
Set down, set down your honorable load, if you are a savage man, while I obsequiously lament the untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
Set him up before me.
Set it up for a while.
Set it down.
Set me the stoups of wine on that table.
Set me where you are.
Set on your wife to observe.
Set on, and leave no ceremony out.
Set our squadrons on a hill, in the eye of Caesar’s battle, and then proceed accordingly.
Set you down this,
Set your countenance, sir.
Set your heart at rest.
Seven days and nights?
Seven of my people, with an obedient start, make him happy.
Sextus Pompeius s'approches to Rome.
Seyton!
Seyton!—I am sick at heart, when I behold—Seyton, I say!—This push will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
Shake it off.
Shake off this sleepy sleep, death’s counterfeit, and look on death itself.
Shake!” quoth the dovehouse.
Shall he be tonight at supper?
What is Caesar's lie?
Isn’t it better than a sty?
Shall I attend your Grace?
Isn’t it fright when a madman stares?
Shall I be married tomorrow morning?
Isn’t I plain?
Isn’t I going to be tempted by the devil?
Isn’t it that death is a savage death?
Isn’t I going to deny you?
Shall I descend?
Shall I do such a thing?
Shall I do what all the Parthian darts, although enemy, lost aim and could not do?
Isn’t I going to be able to do something?
Shall I go fetch your nightgown?
Shall I win my daughter to your will?
Have I had some water?
Have I thought I should think about this, and will I think that a thing that is not a good thing would make me sad?
Isn’t I hearing from you anon?
Isn’t it possible to keep your hogs and eat husks with them?
Do I know your answer?
Shall I lay a burden on my soul?
Shall I play my freedom at the tray-trip and become your bondslave?
What do you want from him?
I will tell you, “Let them be free!
Shall I speak a word in your ears?
Isn’t I a partisan?
Shall I strike now?
Why?
Do I tell her that you are coming?
Will Kate be my wife?
It will not be long, but I will be here again.
Shall they hoist me up and show me the shrieking scream of censuring Rome?
Shall they see us?
Shall we be sundered?
Do we call your ambassador, my liege?
Shall we clap into a tense position without hawking, spitting or saying we are hoarsing, which are the only prologues to a bad voice?
Shall we do that?
Do we give o'er and drown?
Do we see the relics of this town?
Do we go to Benedick and tell him about her love?
Well send them dinners and fresh suits, and give them a provender, and after fighting with them?
Shall we go, coz?
Do we hear from you, Catesby, ere we sleep?
Were we not, Sir Andrew?
Do we?
Do we play, sweet girl?
Shall we rouse the night owl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver?
Shall we see this wrestling, cousin?
Shall we shog?
Shall we sound him?
Will we see their fond pageant?
Shall we get to court?
Shall you, Antipholus, even in the spring of love your love-springs rot?
You will see your other daughter use you kindly.
Shame come to Romeo!
Shame itself!
Shame on ladies, sisters!
Shame, and eternal shame, nothing but shame!
She ate no meat today, nor will she eat it.
She asks you to come to her.
She cannot be so much without a judgmental attitude, having a wit so swift and excellent as she is prized to have, as to refuse a gentleman so rare as Signior Benedick.
She cannot refuse it.
She cannot endure to hear a story about a husband.
She cannot love, nor do she have any shape or a desire to be so self-deared.
She confesses it.
She creeps.
She wants to speak with you in her closet if you go to bed.
She praised my yellow stockings of late, she praised my leg being cross-gartered, and in this she manifests herself to my love, and drives me to these habits of her liking.
She did.
She showed favor to the youth in your sight only to exasperate you, awaken your dormouse valor, fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver.
She died, my lord, but she lived while her slander was uncovered.
She dies for it.
She stößt a little about by a holy cross, where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock hours.
She does well.
She is false with Cassio.
She is a slew, and I am a slew, and I am a slew, and she is not a slew.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
She gives it Cassio?
She tells you that you will marry her.
She had a fear of what has come to pass.
She had a song of “Willow,” an old thing, but it expressed her fortune and she died singing it.
She has defrauded her father, and may you.
She is constantly light by her.
She has robbed me of my sword.
She has spoken what she does not want to do.
She has betrayed me and will die the death.
She has good leave.
She has not seen the change of fourteen years.
She has stopped me.
She has spied him already with those sweet eyes.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.
She has a great reputation, and in that she makes huge wastes for beauty, starved with her severity, and cuts beauty off from all posterity.
She haunts me in every place.
She appeared in th’habiliments of the goddess Isis that day, and oft gave audience, as tis reported.
She is a royal princess.
She is a virtuous and reverend lady.
She is banished.
She is a savage man.
She is damned for it.
She is daughter of this famous Duke of Milan, whom I have heard so often remarkable but never seen before.
She is dead.
She is drowned with salt water, though I seem to drown her remembrance again with more.
She is herself a dowry.
She is a perfectionist.
She is low-voiced.
She is never sad, but when she sleeps, and not ever sad, because I have heard my daughter say she has dreamed of unhappiness and wakes herself with laughing.
She is not well.
She is not worth you.
She is not madam.
She is so free, so kind, so apt, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness to do not do more than she is requested.
She is our capital demand, comprised within the forerank of our articles.
She is convinced I will marry her, because she is her own love and flattery, and not because I promise her.
She is a protector of her honor.
She is spherical, like a globe.
She is stirring.
She is yours.
She is too big, I hope, for me to compass.
She is too fair, too wise, too fair, to make me feel like I am a good man.
She knows the heat of a luxurious bed.
She lives.
She loved me for the dangers I had passed, and I loved her that she did pity them.
She loves me, sure!
She made good use of me, and I thought her eyes had lost her tongue, because she did not speak in the beginnings.
She mocks all her wooers out of suit.
She must change for youth.
She will now be my sister, not my wife.
She pounces on me.
She gave life, and that is the name she had so buried in her.
She replied that it should be better he became her guest, which she sat down with.
She returns this ring to you, sir.
She robs you of your name, and you will show more bright and appear more virtuous when she is gone.
She said so.
She says enough, yet she is a simple savage.
She says you have some good snoot in hand.
She sent you home by Dromio to dinner.
She will be buried by her Antony.
She will be buried with her face upwards.
She will not harm you, Helena.
She will not.
She will, Lucentio.
She would have died hereafter.
She shows a body rather than a life, a statue than a breather.
She will soon know how honorable and kindly we are for her, because Caesar cannot live to be ungentle.
She speaks poniards, and every word stabs.
She speaks, but she doesn’t say anything.
She speaks.
She stood and spake.
She swoons to see them bleed.
She thanked me and baded me, if I had a friend who loved her, I would only teach him how to tell my story and that would woo her.
She calls me husband, even my soul calls me a wife.
She will sliver and disbranch herself from her material sap and come to use.
She makes a dreadful appearance, I will swear she has corns.
She was ever fair and never proud, had tongue at all and was never loud, never lacked gold and went never gay, fled from her wish and yet said “Now I can,” she was angry, her revenge being 
She would change your services with you, The Fortunate Unhappy Daylight and champaign discovers nothing more.
She would be your wife now ran from you.
She could give her father a look at her eyes as oak, he thought it was witchcraft.
She told her, while she kept it 'would make her amiable and subdue my father to her love. If she lost it or made gift of it, my father’s eye should hold her loathèd
She took the ring of me.
She turned to a frightened woman.
She was a vixen when she went to school.
She was false as water.
She was here even now.
She was of Carthage, not of Tunis.
She was the wife of Caius Marcellus.
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain.
She was too good for me.
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She instructs me.
She was an excellent wife for Benedict.
She will be pleased.
She will indite him to some supper.
She will not come.
She will not.
She will sit you—you heard my daughter tell you how.
She will taste as good as a crab to a crab.
She wished she had not heard it, but she wished heaven had made her such a man.
She will be slammed, pitied and excused from every hearer.
She gave it to me, dying, and asked me, when my fate would have me wived, to give it to her.
She will close and be herself while our poor malice is in danger of her former tooth.
She is a beagle, true-bred, and adores me.
She is a triumphant lady, if she is honest.
She is an excellent sweet lady, and out of all suspicions, she is virtuous.
Is that a question?
She is only the sign and the semblance of her honor.
She is cold.
She is dead as earth.
She is dead, our sovereign.
She is dead, deceased, she is dead.
She is dead, my Queen.
She is dead, she is dead, she is dead!
She is desperate.
She is as fruitful as the free elements.
She is in the most blessed condition.
She is gone forever.
She is like a liar gone to burning hell.
She is not fourteen.
She is not well married that lives married long, but she is best married that dies young.
She is the worse for all this.
Sheathe your dagger.
Shed no blood, nor cut you less or more, but just a pound of flesh.
Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass, so I can see my shadow as I pass.
I will be able to work in a short time, and you will be free.
Should be “should be”—should buzz!
Should I have answered Caius Cassius so?
Should I lie, madam?
Should I say, “Has a dog money?
We should not be able to take our course up.
If you do so, my lord, my speech should be a success that my thoughts did not.
Show the way, sir.
Show his eyes and grieve his heart.
Show me how.
Show me the place.
Show me which way.
Show me, my women, like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut doors after you.
Shut that, and twill out at the keyhole.
Shut up your doors, my lord.
Shut up your doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, though I do not lend nor borrow by taking or giving out excess, yet to supply the ripe desires of my friend, I will break a custom.
Shylock, do you hear?
Shylock, there are a lot of money you have offered.
Sick, oh, sick!
Signior Baptista, my business asks for a quick response, and I cannot come to my house every day.
Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Signior Baptista, you are happily met.
Signior Brabantio, ho!
Signior Fabian, stay you by this gentleman until I return.
Signior Gremio, came you from the church?
Signior Hortensio, we are not so close to our friends.
Signior Hortensio, come you to join the fray?
Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you.
Signior Lodovico?
Signior Montano, your trusty and most valiant servitor, recommends you so much and prays you to believe him.
Signior, is your family in?
Signior, it is the Moor.
Signior?
Signor Antonio lauded you.
Signor Antonio, you have rated me for my moneys and my usances.
Signor Antonio?
Signor Bassanio, hear me.
Signor Bassanio!
Signor Benedick!
Signor, you are close to my brother in his love.
Let’s go for a while.—Robin, take off this head.— Titania, music call, and strike more dead than the common sleep of all these five.
Silence that dreadful bell, it frightens the isle from her propriety.
Silence!
Silence!
He finds you in the stout Norweyan ranks, nothing afeasing of what you did, Strange images of death.
Silver.
Simple, simple Clarence, I love you so that I will send your soul in Kürze to heaven, if heaven will take the present at our hands.
What is your sin from your lips?
Since Cassius first whet me against Caesar, I have not slept.
Since Cleopatra died I have lived in such a dishonor that the gods detest my baseness.
Since he has got the jewel that I loved, and that you swear to keep for me, I will become as liberal as you.
Since he went from Egypt, it is a space for further travel.
Since he went into France, I have been practicing continuously.
Since his majesty went into the field, I have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown upon her, unlock her closet, take out paper, fold it, write on it, read it, then seal it
Since I am not happy with myself, I will keep it with little cost.
Since I came here, which I can call, I have heard strange news.
Since I have your good leave to go away, I will be able to make it a priority.
Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice and could of men distinguish her, her election has sealed you for herself, because you have been a man who has been suffering all that suffers nothing.
Since my young lady is going into France, sir, the fool has been a bit slammed away.
Since no man of aught he leaves knows, what is going on to leave?
Since my beauty cannot please his eye, I will weep what is left away and weep.
Since respects and fortunes are his love, I will not be his wife.
Since the torch is out, lie down and stray no farther.
Since the youth of the count was today with your lady, she is very quiet.
Since the youth will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Since they did plot the means that dusky Dis my daughter got, I have forsworn her and her blind boy’s scandalous company.
Since you have this fortune, you will be content and seek no new.
Since you give me pains, let me remember what you have promised, which is not yet performed me.
Sinful Macduff, they were all struck for you!
Don’t forget to sing it tonight.
Sing it.
Sink Rome!
Sir, I will whip you from your fence, Nay, as I am a gentleman.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate tender of my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby will be sworn that I am no fox, but he will not pass his word for two pence that you are no fool.
Sir Toby, I must be round with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your kinsman.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady— Out, hyperbolical fiend!
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renommated soldier
Sir, a whole history.
Sir, a word you go.
Sir, amen.
Sir, are you my father?
Sir, being his knave, I will.
Sir, by your patience, if I heard you rightly, the duke has put on a religious life and thrown into neglect the pompous court.
Sir, do you know me?
Sir, you are good.
Sir, good success.
Sir, do not grieve you.
Sir, sorry, I will be his surety.
Sir, he answered me in the most round manner he would ever have done.
Sir, he dined with her at the Porpentine.
Sir, he is with Caesar.
Sir, he may live.
Sir, he is rash and very sudden in choler, and may strike you haply.
Sir, here’s the door.
Sir, his chests and treasures are not with him.
Sir, his definition is not a perdition in you, though I know that dividing him in a way that would dizzy memory, and yet neither would you, in respect of his quick sail.
Sir, I am vexed.
Sir, I bade them take you away.
Sir, I cannot.
Sir, I encourage you to do so.
Sir, I know you, and I will do my best to thank you for a great job.
Sir, I have not you by the hand.
Sir, I am not a big fan.
Sir, I must have that diamond from you.
Sir, I never loved you much, but I praised you for being so good that you deserve ten times more than I said you did.
Sir, I say you are false knaves.
Sir, I say you are none.
Sir, I will meet you in your career, and you will be fined for it.
Sir, I will study worthy.
Sir, I will answer any question.
Sir, in Argier.
Sir, in fine, Seeing how loathly opposite I stood to his unnatural purpose, in fell motion, he charges my unprovided body, latched mine arm.
Sir, in good faith, or in sincere reassurance, you will be able to influence you, who is your influence, like the wreath of radiant fire on Phoebus' front.
Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting that would not let me sleep.
Sir, know you this glove?
Sir, March is wasted fifteen days.
Sir, Mark Antony Will e’en will kiss Octavia, and we’ll follow.
Sir, I am very attentive.
Sir, my good friend, I will change that name with you.
Sir, my liege, do not infest your mind with beating on the strangeness of this business.
Sir, no.
Sir, Octavius is already coming to Rome.
Sir, please, let me know what I have to say.
Sir, will I speak to this lady?
Sir, she can turn, turn, turn, and turn again.
Sir, she is mortal.
Sir, sir, be patient.
Sir, sir, I will have law in Ephesus, to your shame, I doubt it.
Sir, sir, sir.
Sir, sir, that is not the case.
Sir, sooth to say, you did not have dinner at home.
Sir, you are going to be a good one.
Sir, the gods will have it.
Sir, the Queen.
Sir, there is a special commission coming from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello’s place.
Sir, there she is.
Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true.
Sir, this is the matter — I beg you, remember — Nay, good my lord, for mine ease, in good faith.
Sir, this should be answered.
Sir, will you, with those infirmities she owes, unfriended, adopted to our hate, shattered with our curse and strangered with our oath, take her or leave her?
Sir, would she give you so much of her lips as much as she gives me as much as she gives me as much as she does.
Sir, you and I must play, but that is not the case.
Sir, you are very welcome to our house.
Sir, you say well, and you do not know what you are doing.
Sir, you speak nobly.
Sir!
Sir?
Sir?
Sirrah young gamester, your father was a fool to give you all and in his waning age set foot under your table.
Sirrah, come hither: 'It is no time to jest, and therefore frame your manners to the time.
Sirrah, go see what trumpet tis that sounds.
Sirrah, I will teach you a speech.
Sirrah, naked fellow, Poor Tom.
Sirrah, your father is dead.
Sirs, I will practice on this drunken man.
Sirs, let’s not be alone.
Sirs, take the corse.
Sister, I am content with my discontent. Sir, to your pleasure, I subscribe.
Sister, have comfort.
Sister, it is not a little I have to say about what is most appertiously appertiable to us both.
Sister, welcome.
Sister, where are you?
Sister, you know he promised me a chain.
Sister, you will go with us?
Sit down a while and let us assail your ears, that are so strong against our story, what we have seen two nights.
Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit i' th' middle.
Sit down, Clitus.
Sit then and talk with her.
Sit you too.
Sit, Jessica.
Sit, sir.
Sit, worthy friends.
Sit.
I never thought that lady would have loved any man.
Sitting on a bank, weeping again the king my father’s wrack, this music crept by me upon the waters, laying both their fury and my passion with its sweet air.
Six thousand are their greatest power.
Skipper, stand back.
Slanders, sir.
Slave!
Slay!
Sleep a little.
Sleep on your eyes, and you will find peace in your breast.
Sleep will neither night nor day hang on his penthouse lid.
Sleep, and I will wind you in my arms.
Sleeping and waking, O, defend me still!
Slid, I will again beat him.
Isn’t you going to make an ass o' me?
Small cheer and welcome make a merry feast.
I am a small joy in being England’s queen.
Smatter with your gossips, go.
Smile heaven on this fair conjunction, who have long been a fan of their enmity.
Smile you as I was a fool?
Smilest you?
Sneck up!
You are right.
All hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
All that is right.
I am purposed.
The Prince and Claudio, who accused her of a misunderstanding, are all the same.
And those crisp, snaky golden locks that make such wanton gambols with the wind, are known to be the dowry of a second head, the skull that bred them in the sepul
You are all princes.
You are going to be revenge when you hear it.
Be gone.
Let’s go.
I am so sick of this false story that he burdens me with a lot of pain.
You are blessed, master.
Caesar will.
Call the field to rest, and let’s go away to take the joys of this happy day.
I can do it.
Chrish, save me, I will cut your head off.
I can do that.
I would have the hope of having the next wish after that, that Lucentio had Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved the man that I must weep.
She is so delicate with her needle, an admirable musician.
I did, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
You were my liege.
All thoughts are welcome.
If I cursed now, I would have cursed myself.
I do.
I do, my lord.
I do not.
I do not.
We drench their limbs in blood of princes, and the wounded steeds Fret fetlock deep in gore, and yerk out their armèd heels at their dead
So do the kings of France, Howbeit, until today, they would hold up this law to stop your Highness from claiming from the female and rather choose to hide them in a net than to imbar their 
You do, where you see them thick.
The greater glory dims the less.
Every bondman in his own hand has the power to cancel his captivity.
You are so good at it, because Brutus' tongue has almost ended his life’s history.
You will be happy until we meet again.
You are good.
Thank you to you and your family.
You are so foolish that you will be able to do so.
He was so angry when he smashed the sledded Polacks on the ice.
It is so big that it is so big.
Fulvia told me.
Get you in peace.
God sa' me, it is shame to stand still.
Good night to you all.
Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to ’t.
They are friends to Antony.
My lord has eured him to fight.
He does.
He laughed and let me go.
He served the second, and so the third.
Help me to every spirit sanctified as I have spoken for you all my best and stood within the blank of his displeasure for my free speech.
Oh, ho!
Take my leave.
I am free.
I am to let him live.
I charmed their ears that, like I said, my lowing followed through briers, sharp furzes, pricking gorse and thorns, which entered their frail shins
I do, madonna.
I do.
I hope so.
I give her a call and she gives me a call, because I am rough and woo not like a babe.
I will, my liege, live as I live.
I am now young and unable to reason.
I lose myself, to find a mother and a brother, in search of them, unhappy.
So in the world.
He did.
He is now in execution of any bold or noble enterprise, but he is still in this late form.
Lysander.
Is mine?
I have Octavius, my horse, and for that I have Octavius.
So is the bargain.
So is the dearest loss.
The fame.
I have to say that.
It should be that none except Antony should conquer Antony, but we will do it!
Isn’t it a father?
Let a blind man run on the fence till each man drops by lottery.
Let him land, and see him go on to London.
Let it be with Caesar.
So long?
My tongue is still and mute.
Yes, it is.
You may lose your arms.
He is so happy.
I will be able to show you how much I appreciate myself.
So much for this, sir.
He was so happy.
We are women’s men.
So out of the candle we were left dark.
Maybe you did.
Please my lord the duke and all the court, to quit the fine for one half of his goods I am happy with, so he will let me have the other half in use to render it Upon his death to the
Please, please, what does the fellow say there?
Please, because I never heard it yet, yet I heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Please, he is here at the door and importunes access to you.
Please, please, something touching the Lord Hamlet.
Please, we will stand and watch your pleasure.
Please.
Please, please, the Prologue is addressed.
Please, your Lord, accept our duty.
Please, please, that we wake the king?
It is so quick that things get confused.
A wonder father and a wife make this place so rare.
Well done, done.
You are sadder.
So says the Prince and my new-trothèd lord.
He will waste his money, weary his soldiers, and punish himself while we are still a little tired of rest, defense, and nimbleness.
I will clothe me in a forced content and shut myself up in some other way, to fortune’s alms.
I will love you, and so, I will pray.
You will feel the loss, but not the friend you weep for.
You will enjoy your hope and marry sweet Bianca with your consent.
You will show me friendship.
She may live without bleeding blood, but I will admit she was not Edward’s daughter.
So shines a good thing in a naughty world.
If a murderer look dead, so grim.
If he look at it, he will look at things that seem strange.
I should look like the murdered, and I should look like I was beaten by your stern cruelty.
If you are our king, then we will.
He was so smooth that he gave his vice a show of virtue that, despite his apparent open guilt, he lived from all angles of suspects.
So stood the state when Henry the Sixth was crowned in Paris, but at nine months old.
He has been so swift that you may imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords want him to have borne his helmet and his sword before him through the city.
Take her to you, shepherd.
Tell them, Publius.
I am abused by my foes, sir, and by my friends.
If we plant nettles or sow lettuce, set hyssop and weed up thyme, supply it with one gender of herbs or distract it with many, whether it is to have it ster
In these ten thousand they have lost, there are only sixteen hundred mercenaries.
I was able to get to Mantua.
So that, as clear as is the sun, King Pepin’s title and Hugh Capet’s claim, King Lewis his satisfaction, all appear to hold in right and title of the female.
If you are not saying that you are two negatives, why then the worse for my friends and the better for my foes?
The fool follows after.
The gods keep you and make the hearts of Romans serve your purposes.
The gods will keep you alive.
The life that died with shame lives in death with glorious fame.
The maid who stood in the way of my wish will show me the way to my will.
The poor third is up, until death enlarge his confinement.
I should be able to see the sins of my mother.
So the spirit is relaxed.
They are.
They do nothing, it is a venial slip.
You may say the king lies by a beggar if a beggar dwells near him, or the church stands by your tabor, if your tabor stands by the church.
If you live to see like right bereft, this fool-begged patience in you will be left.
I am so blessed with a thousand times better night.
So to most noble Caesar.
So to them both.
She turns every man the wrong side out and never gives truth and virtue to which simpleness and merit merit are purchased.
I was the one who banished him.
I was when your Highness took his dukedom.
We grew together like a double cherry, a single cherry, a single cherry, and a single cherry, but a single cherry in a split.
You are so blessed with both words.
They were the daggers who were wiped out on their pillows.
You were.
When he opens his purse to give us our reward, your conscience flies out.
Is that white, and a traitor?
I will turn her virtue into a pitch and make the net that will enmeer them all.
It will do with Claudio.
I will, madam, until I lie with you.
You will love me, I am sure.
Do you say when you have seen the sequel?
You will wish to me when the mood is on.
I would not.
You can put a man in your belly.
You will.
You walk softly, look sweetly, and say nothing, I am yours for the walk, especially when I walk away.
So young and so untender?
I am so young, my lord, and true.
So-so is good, very good, very good.
So, adieu.
Again, good night.
Come, help.
Dolabella, it will be the best thing to do.
Good to you.
I am very satisfied.
It will make us mad.
Let me hear you speak.
He furnished me from my own library with volumes that I prize over my dukedom.
So, slave, so on.
So, so, so!
So, so.
Thanks to each other, who we invite to see becrowned at Scone.
This is to horse.
With two seemingly heavenly bodies but one heart, two of the first, like coats in heraldry, due to one and crowned with one crest.
So.
So.
So, you are the most famous: Caesar is not going to consider in what case you stand, more than he is Caesar.
Were you Beatrice?
The night is a sweet one.
Soft, Caesar.
He is soft, does he not?
Here is a short story.
Soft, no grabs.
Soft, sir!
Soft, soft!
Soft!
Soft!
Soft!
You are ready to do so quickly, sir.
I am a little sloppy, my masters.
Sojourn in Mantua.
Sola, sola!
Sola, sola!
Sola!
Soldier, you are a soldier, but his whole action is not in the power of the enemy.
Soldier, why do you wear that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you must come to the king.
Soldiers, have a good watch.
Soldiers, sir.
I was a solitary monarch of the universal earth.
Some people achieve greatness—“What do you say?
Some are born great.
Some are born great, others achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon him.
Some blessed power will deliver us from here.
Some bloody passion shakes your frame.
Some comfort, Nurse.
I will be a little bit sucked away.
A dear friend died, and nothing in the world could turn so much the constitution of any constant man.
Some dungeon.
Five or six and thirty knights, who were chasing him, met him at gate, who are gone with him with some other of his relatives to Dover, where they boast to have well-armed friends.
We had some food and some fresh water that a noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, from his charity, who was appointed Master of this design, gave us, with rich garments, linens, stuffs, and nec
It will give you some friendships that will give you the best chance.
Some gods will direct my judgment.
I have some good things to do, even though I am very good at it.
Some good man bear him carefully from there.
Some grief shows much love, others still show some desire for wit.
I will be a little eile, my lord!
Some innocents are not the thunderbolt.
Some kinds of baseness are undergone.
Some light-foot friend post to the duke of Norfolk—Rotcliffe, youself, or Catesby.
Some men there are love not a gaping pig, some are mad if they see a cat, and others, when the bagpipe sings i' th' nose, can't contain their urine.
Some must go off.
Some plants are already ill-rooted.
Some of my shame, if you know of me, how, and why I am, and where I was stained.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Some officers take them away.
Some oracles must rectify our knowledge.
Some time ago.
Some others search.
Some say the Earth was feverous and did shake.
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
He was a squirt that turned your wit on the seamy side without you and made you suspect me with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple bear the countermand, that came too lag to see him burièd.
Some of my friends have a lot of money to pay for
Some of them will always smile through their eyes and laugh like parrots at a bagpiper, and others will laugh like a parrot, and others will laugh like vinegar, and others will not smile.
Some people kiss.
Some to Decius' house and others to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius.
Some people and senators are not affrighted.
Some twenty of them fought in this black conflict, and all those twenty could only kill one life.
Some villain has done me wrong.
Some villains of my court are of consent and suffering in this.
Some wine, ho!
Somebody knocks.
Someone takes order Buckingham be brought to Salisbury.
Something from Cyprus as I can divinely.
Something has you heard of Hamlet’s “transformation”—so call it because neither the exterior nor the inward man resembles that.
He left something that is imperfect in the state, which is thought of since his coming out, and which brings so much fear and danger to the kingdom that his return was the most necessary and necessary.
Something we will determine.
Something, sure, of state, either from Venice, or some unhatched practice made him feel like he was here in Cyprus, Hath puddled his clear spirit, and in such cases men’s natures w
I will be a hound, a hog, a bear, a fire.
I am a bit slammed with adders who have cloven tongues that make me mad.
I would divide, and burn in many places.
Sometime she gallops o'er a courtier’s nose, and dreams he would smell a suit.
Sometimes from her eyes I received fair speechless messages.
Son, I will be your half Bianca comes.
Soon at five o'clock, please, I will meet you upon the mart and consort you till bedtime.
I will soon hear and see him.
You have to.
I will help you.
I hear nothing.
Sorrow breaks seasons and reposes hours, makes the night morning, and the night of noontide.
Sorry I am my noble cousin should suspect me that I mean no good to him.
He has three children, and his incensement is so implacable that it can be done by death and sepulchre.
Sound them, it becomes the mouth.
Sound, music! Come, my queen, take hands with me, and rock the ground where they are.
Sound, trumpet!
Good, my lord.
Sovereign of Egypt, hail!
I am in such a prison.
Tell me not to say these words like this: “Sirrah, knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and knock me soundly”?
You are a Caesar?
Tell him you are there?
What is your favorite part of Juliet?
Spare not for the cost.
Reiter.
I am happy.
Speak it again and, even with the word, this hand, which for your love did kill your love, will kill a far more true love.
If you speak love, you will be low.
You will be whipped for taxation one of these days.
Do not speak against it.
Do not speak of Helena.
You are all amazed.
Do not speak.
Reden Sie einmal mehr.
Speak softly.
Speak softly.
Speak the speech, I pray you, as I said it to you, trippingly on the tongue.
Speak the word along.
Do not repeat this.
Now, speak to you.
Talk to her, Hamlet.
Talk to him.
Talk to me home.
Tell me what you are doing.
Talk to me.
Talk to us.
Tell what we feel, not what we should say.
Talk within the door.
Speak again.
If you are not, you will have to speak.
Do you think you are so calm?
Talk to your office.
Speak, Agrippa.
You can tell, count, Count, it is your guiding principle.
Speak, hands, for me!
If you are not, I will charge you.
If you say yes, I will go further.
If you can, tell me: What are you?
Isn’t it out of your way?
Speak, man.
Speak, man.
If you speak fair, and fair, I will pray for you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus.
Speak, speak!
Speak, speak.
Speak!
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Do you mean you in sober meanings?
Do you speak from your heart?
He will be able to do so.
Spend this for me.
Spirit, we must prepare to meet with Caliban.
Spirits, which I have called to act from their confines.
Spit, fire!
Spoke like a tall man who respects your reputation.
Spoke like an officer!
Sport royal, I warrant you.
Sport?
Rain, rain!
Stand aside.
Stand away, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stand close and list him.
Stand far off.
Stand fast together, so that some friend of Caesar’s should have a chance to get there.
Stand fast, Titinius.
Stand from the body.
Stand from the hearse.
Stand here, make a good show on ’t.
Stand not amazed.
Stand still.
Stand you close, then, under this penthouse, for it rains, and I will, like a drunkard, tell you everything.
Stand there!
Stand to it.
Stand up.
Stand you both up now: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave.
Stand, you are a man.
Stand, ho!
Stand, ho!
Stand, ho!
Stand, you neat slave, strike!
Stand!
Stands he or sits he?
Where is Scotland?
Stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm, and I did not scorn it and disdain it to fly.
Stanley, he is your wife’s son.
Stanley, look to your wife.
Stanley, what news do you have?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius showed the torchlight, but, my lord, he didn’t come back.
Stay and speak!
Stay a little.
Stay here.
Stay away from me, but get me out.
Stay not, be gone.
Stay the friar too.
Stay until I have read the letter.
Stay with us.
Stay in the meantime.
Stay, countrymen.
Stay, dog, for you to hear me.
Stay, fellow.
Stay, Helena.
Stay, give me a drink.
Stay, I prithee, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
Stay, madam.
Stay on your own risk.
Stay, stand apart.
Stay here.
Stay, though you kill me, sweet Demetrius.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
Stay!
Have you been there long?
Stephano is my name, and I bring word to my mistress before the break of day.
Stephano!
Stephano!
I am still called.
Be a bit too bad.
Be kind and eke out our performance with your mind.
I told him that it was vile and bad.
I am still in this fashion, color, ornament, for him.
It cried, “No more!” to all the house.
They will live for forever.
It is still so constant, lord.
Still so cruel?
Still through the hawthorn, the wind blows the cold wind, says, “Suum, mun, nonny.”
You keep o' the windy side of the law.
Stir tomorrow with the lark, gentle Norfolk.
Stirred by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he makes England, here to claim the crown.
Stones have been known to move, and trees have been spoken.
Have you sat down with the state?
Stoop, Romans, stoop, and let us bathe our hands in Caesar’s blood until we get to the elbows and besmear our swords.
Stop her there!
Stop in your wind, sir.
Stop it, Marcellus.
Stop that, and fly with the smoke out of the chimney.
strange that sheep's guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies?
I have strange things in my head, that will be hand-in-hand, which must be acted ere they may be scanned.
Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she has contaminated.
Strato, you have been asleep all this.
Strike alarum, drums!
Strike his wife?
Strike not by land
Strike on the tinder, ho!
Strike the vessels, ho!
Strike, drum.
I will be a bit slapped, I say.
Strike!
Strike!
He is a little man who is trying to outscorn the wind and rain that are causing conflict.
We are going to do better.
Strumpet, I come.
It was a marriage that never happened before.
I have no fear, or none.
A philosopher like this is a natural philosopher.
I would have been able to do this, Ligarius, if you had a good ear to hear about it.
You are so finely smothered.
I am from Antony.
She said that my lord said I was.
The comfort that young men feel when they are well-appareled is when they are on the heel of winter treads.
As much as the subject is a prince, even a woman is a husband.
Such a thing has only a shadow’s bliss.
That is a news that grieves me to report.
We like to have such unconstant starts from Kent as this of Kent’s banishment.
He had a very armour on his side when Norway was fighting.
It is hard to reconcile such welcome and unwelcome things.
The wind blows young men through the world to seek their fortunes farther than home, where small experiences grow.
Sue again to him and he is yours.
Suffer love!
Suffolk died first, and York, all shook over, comes to him where he lay in a sand and takes him by the beard, kisses the gashes that bloodily yawn
Sunday comes with a quick turnaround.
Supper is done, and we will come too late.
Support him by the arm.
If your Ambassador from the French comes back, he tells Harry that the king does not offer him.
Sure he killed his wife.
It is hers.
Sure ones, then.
We thank you.
Sure, it is not.
Sure, her offense must be of such unnatural degree that monsters it (or your pre-suppressed affection fall into a taint), which to believe in her must be a faith that reason without miracle could
I will never marry like my sisters, to love my father all.
I think so, and therefore she knew his love, so she wouldn’t be able to do it.
It was the roar of a whole herd of lions.
It is two hours.
Sure, these are just imaginary wiles, and lapland sorcerers inhabit here.
I think your fair cousin is wronged.
It is a princely testimony, a good count, Count Comfect, a sweet gallant, surely!
Susan and she were of an age.
Swagger?
Swallows have built in Cleopatra’s sails their nests.
Swart likes my shoe, but her face is clean and clean.
Swear by her foot, so she can take the oath.
Swear by my sword Never to speak of this that you have heard.
Swear by my sword.
Swear by your double self, and there is an oath of credit!
Do not wear your clothes by time to come, because you have misused your clothes, sometimes ill-used.
Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs.
Wear your love.
Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all been miscarried.
Sweet Beatrice, would you come when I called you?
Sweet bodements!
Sweet Desdemona!
Sweet friends, to bed.
Sweet friends, your patience for my long abode.
Sweet Hero, now you appear in the rare semblance that I loved it first.
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
Sweet lady, you have given me life and living.
If your lordship was at leisure, I would like to share something with you from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Be patient.
Sweet men, come to him.
I know you are a sweet woman, and I know you are not a bad girl.
Sweet Moon, thank you for your sunny beams.
Now, quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, do not shame me.
Sweet Phoebe, sorry me.
Sweet Portia, if you knew who I gave the ring, if you knew who I gave the ring, and would conceive for what I gave the ring, and how unwilling I left the ring when
Sweet Prince, why not speak you?
Sweet Prince, you learn me noble thankfulness.
A sweet remembrancer!
If you are a sweet saint, you are not so ill.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Sir Toby, be patient tonight.
Let’s get in, and there is a good reason for their coming.
Sweet-heart!
Sweet, say on.
I would do it.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what is my love?
Sweetest nut has a rind
She is in force until her fair life ends.
Sweets to sweets.
Swell, bosom, with your fraughtness, for ’tis of aspics' tongues!
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I will cry a match.
He is so bad he was never sleeping.
Sword is an oath, and oaths must have their course.
Swords out, and tilting one at one’s breasts in opposition bloody.
Swounds, show me what you do.
Swum ashore, man, like a duck.
Take a trumpet, and it will be a good sign.
Take away the fool, gentlemen.
Take away the lady.
Take a note, and you will see him transformed into a fool.
Take comfort.
Take each man’s censure but reserve your judgment.
Take your hearts from them now.
Take heed to your foul fiend.
Take heed to Cassius.
Take heed, you fall out of your way.
Take heed, Signior Baptista, so you don’t have to be conycatched in this business.
Take heed, sirrah.
Take this jack and whip him.
Take him for all.
Take him here.
Take him on the costard with the hilts of your sword and throw him in the sand in the next room.
Take him up gently and to bed with him, and each one to his office when he wakes.
Take in your love, and let me go alone.
Take it and do it, and leave me for this time.
Take it in what sense you will.
Take it thankfully.
Take it, brave York.
Take it, God, because it is nothing but thin.
Take me up.
Take my sword.
Take no note of him.
Take no offense that I would not offend you.
Take her part.
Take not the dispute from His powerful arm
Take note, take note, O world, to be honest is not safe.
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute, not as a fee.
Take that of me, my friend, who have the power to seal your accuser’s lips.
Take that.
Take the fool away.
Take the hint that my despair proclaims.
Take you too.
Take your examination yourself and bring it to me.
Take them away.
Take them in.
Take a new infection to your eye, and the rank poison of the old will die.
Take it.
Take the bill, give me your yard, and spare me.
Take a lot of money.
Take your face from there.
Take your fair hour, Laertes.
Take your forfeiture.
Take no hard thoughts.
Take her bed and bear her women from the monument.
Take my mistress' gown for your master’s use!
Take my mistress' gown to his master’s use.
Take up the bodies.
Take the body.
Take the sword again, or take me up.
Take those cords up.
Take what wife you will do to sleep, I will ever be your head.
Take you assure of her cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum.
Take you some company and go to horse.
Take you, as you were, some distant knowledge of him, as so: “I know his father and his friends, and in part, him.”
Take your place.
Take your time.
Talk no more.
Talk not to me, because I will not speak a word.
Talk to me.
Talk not, Signior Gremio.
Talk about killing?
Talk about a young Master Launcelot?
Talkers are not good doers.
What about you?
Tarry a little.
Tarry, good Beatrice.
Tarry, Jew.
Tarry, Petruchio, I must go with you, because in Baptista’s case, my treasure is.
Tarry, rash wanton.
Tarry, sweet Beatrice.
I came and cheered him up.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Teach it but how, and you will see how apt it is to learn any hard lesson that may do you good.
Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak.
Teach me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him, tear him!
He screams his white hair, which the screams, with a rageless rage, catch in their fury and make nothing of it.
Tears seven times salt, burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye.
It was too hard to tell and harsh to hear.
Is it stupid?
Tell Antony Brutus is ta'en.
Tell her I am arrested in the street, and that will bail me.
Tell her my love, more noble than the world, not quantity of dirty lands
Tell her the king, that may command, that she is in her hands, which the king’s King forbids.
Tell him he will not speak with me.
Tell him his fears are shallow, without instance.
Tell him I am prompt to lay my crown at the feet of my head and kneel.
Tell him I have moved my lord in his name, and hope all is well.
Tell him I would speak with him.
Tell him I will knock his leek about his pate on Saint Davy’s day.
Tell him my fury will be awry, and I will take the crowns.
Tell him myself, the mayor, and aldermen, that we are not less important than our general good, in deep designs and matters of great moment are coming to have some conference with his grace.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he will take it at you.
Tell him that a post from my master is full of good news.
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur, but that we thought it was not good to bruise an injury until it was full ripe.
Tell him, so please him come to this place, he will be satisfied and, by my honor, leaveuntouched.
Tell him, when our princely father York Blessed his three sons with his victorious arm, He little thought of this divided friendship.
Tell me at who suits you are.
Tell me, but this is the one thing you have seen in your wife’s hand.
Tell me but then speak the truth. Do you not love my sister?
Tell me for more certainty, I swear I know your tongue.
Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.
Tell me not, Friar, that you hear about this, unless you tell me how I can prevent it.
Tell me once more what title you bear.
Tell me that.
Tell me that.
Tell me first.
Tell me this, I pray: Where have you left the money that I gave you?
Tell me what you know.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me why.
Tell me your counsels.
Tell me your thoughts.
Tell me, and dally not: where is the money?
Tell me, daughter Juliet, how you are going to be married?
Tell me, Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, good friend, what torch is there on his head that will give his light to grubs and eyeless skulls?
Tell me, heavenly bow, if Venus or her son, as you do know, will now attend the queen?
Tell me, how does our loving mother behave?
Tell me, if your art can tell you so much: Will Banquo’s issue ever Reign in this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me that I can sack the hateful mansion.
Tell me, you are unknown power, he knows your thought.
Tell me, you are villain-slave, where are my children?
Tell me, you are a villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Tell me not.
Tell the clock there.
Tell the constable.
Tell the hot duke that Lear is not.
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me.
Tell you the story!
Tell us the way you do it, gentle Casca.
Tell us what has happened today that Caesar looks so sad.
Tell us where we are, that we can take it from there and bear it to the chapel.
Tell your pitieful heart that there is no harm done.
Temperance was a delicate wench.
He is not so far.
Ten masts at each point make not the altitude which you fell perpendicularly.
You will pay more attention to yourself, or you will be a fool.
Tennis balls, my liege.
The abuse of greatness occurs when it disjoins Remorse from power.
It is a matter of urgency and speed must be a priority.
My good lord, the ambassadors from Norway are returned joyfully.
It is a 'change of your love’s faithful vow for mine.
My strong imagination sees a crown dropping upon your head.
You are an honest man.
No man would be bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for your greatness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, dear my lord.
Thanks, Egeus.
Thanks, my countryman.
Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.
Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
Thanks, sir.
Thanks, you are the valiant of this warlike isle that approves the Moor.
That scuse serves many men to save their gifts.
That word “banishèd” Hath killed ten thousand Tybalts.
That is a bad thing.
That “may be” must be, love, on Thursday next.
That “sort” was well flung for.
That a baby’s heart has burned?
That a monster should be so natural!
That a woman conceived me, I thank her.
That by proscription and bills of outlawry, Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have put to death an hundred senators.
I can do that.
I cannot be sure, since I am still possessed of those effects for which I killed my mother, my crown, my ambition, and my queen.
I will do everything I can to honor my wife, and I will do everything I can to honor my hostess here.
I could find myself here to stay and turn witch.
That would be a shame if courtiers were shepherds.
That death is unnatural and kills for loving.
That defense you have, behold you to a point.
I never heard that.
I was a good actor, my lord.
I am long to hear that.
I will be walking on the works, and I will be able to repair it.
That is done, repair to Pompey’s theatre.
That dreamers lie often.
That is ever true.
I would ever call you castaway.
I would never live to see you dead.
That eye my daughter gave her, it is the most true thing.
That eye that told you so was asquint.
That eyeless head of yours was first framed flesh to raise my fortunes.
I remember that face of his.
That you have followed your sad steps from your first day of difference and decay.
He was with me when he was there, who took me to fetch a chain, and then brought it to the Porpentine, where Balthasar and I ate together.
That handkerchief you speak of was a fortune and I gave my husband.
That handkerchief I loved and gave you, you are so good to Cassio.
That made him mad.
He has not done it.
He has used you.
He might not betray heaven’s winds too much.
He was never trained up in arms.
That head, my lord?
That is the head of Herod.
That high all-seer I allied with Hath turned my feignèd prayer on my head and gave me what I begged in a sham.
I ask again, because nothing can be ill if she is well.
That was my sight.
I did it for him.
That I loved the Moor to live with him, and my terrible violence and storm of fortunes may trumpet to the world.
I disdain.
I have been working with all my wits, my pains and my hard work to bring your imperial Majesties to this bar and royal interview, and you can see your lusts on both sides.
That is what I have, lady.
I love her, I feel.
I hope I can sleep out this great gap of time my Antony is away.
I was disdainful and had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales!
I will try to do that.
If you are honest and fair, you should not admit to your beauty.
That is another simple sin in you, to bring the ewes and the rams together and to offer to get your life through the copulation of cattle
Because the murderer is alive.
That is done, sir.
That is enough to satisfy the senate.
That is he.
That is hot ice and a strange snow.
That is my rest, that is the rendezvous of it.
That is good.
That is the chain, sir, you had of me.
That is the sum of all, Leonato.
That is the defect of the matter, sir.
That is the voice of Portia, or I am much deceived.
That is the way she can make you slander.
Here we ate, where Dowsabel claimed me for her husband.
That is, to watch her, as we watch these kites that bate and beat and will not be obedient.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
It is good to leave these sad designs to him that has more reason to be a mourner, and to repair it to Crosby House, where, after I have interred solemnly at Chertsey mon
That is the last thing.
That light is burning in my hall.
That lord who advised you to give away your land, come place him here by me.
That love i begged for you, he begged for me.
You are going to be a lot more worthy than others.
I may be a wife.
That is strange.
That most ingrateful boy there by your side from the rude sea’s enraged and foamy mouth was redeemable.
We must do that.
That nature, which contemns its origin, cannot be ruled out by itself.
That nothing is more than meditation on blood, to swear and stern looks, to diffused attire, and everything that seems unnatural.
I will have that now, and that is the humor of it.
Sweno, the king of Norway, craves composition.
That our garments, being drenched in the sea, are, as fresh as they were, rather old-fashioned than stained with salt water.
That Petruchio came?
That same ox-beef has devoured many a gentleman of your house.
That villain, Romeo.
That will be by and by.
That will be her.
That is what you will know hereafter.
That she brought me up, I give her a humble thank you.
I know that she is worthy.
That she will live here long enough, God say amen.
She was false to wedlock?
That she is the chosen of Signior Hortensio.
That is a sign that you are unconfirmed.
That sir, who serves and seeks for gain, and follows but for form, will pack when it begins to rain and leave you in the storm.
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once.
That song tonight will not go from my mind.
That the soul of our grandam might inhabit a bird.
They would never wear such heavy headpieces if they had any armor.
That was the way they were, I wish I could be sucked in that oozy bed where my son lies.
That is what you speak of, I took it for a man.
You love my daughter from your soul.
That you see the difference in our spirit, I will be sorry for your life before you ask it.
In the same hotel, a meaner woman was delivered from such a burden, male twins, both alike.
I saw (but you could not) flying between the cold moon and the Earth, and he was all armed.
That villain cousin would have killed my husband.
That was in your rage.
That is the way the noise is.
That we should, with joy, pleasance revel and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!
That was a kind of hope.
That was the most if he would have slept with you.
That has made them drunk has made me bold.
I gave you that.
That horse is now a horse, even with a thought that the rack dislimns and makes it indistinct as water is in water.
I am qualified for what ordinary men are looking for.
That is what you are, I cannot tell you.
That will be the set of sun.
I will do that.
I will make that before I let you go.
I will, because I will have to answer back how you excuse my brother Rosalind.
I will, Pompey.
I will die the hour after.
I will.
That will never happen.
I have made my way through more obstacles than twenty times your stop.
That would hang us, every mother’s son.
I would have kingdoms to give with her.
I would, if I were king of all kingdoms.
You fear that it is done.
You love me, I am nothing jealous.
You think you are not what you are.
You have condemned and noted Lucius Pella for taking bribes here of the Sardians, wherein my letters, praying on his side because I knew the man, were slighted off.
You must teach me.
You will find him, lead to the Sagittariat, and there will be him.
You should come here and say that the actors are at hand, and you will know all that you are like to know by their show.
You should think we come to offend with good intentions.
That young swain that you saw here, but erewhile, that little cares for buying anything.
Being mad herself, she is madly mated.
That is not the case, sir.
That is?
That is.
That is a certain text.
That is a degree to love.
It is a fault that water will be able to get rid of.
It is a fault.
That is a dangerous shot from an elder gun, that a poor and private displeasure can do against a monarch.
That is a question.
That is all one thing: I have hurt me, and there is the end on it.
That is all.
That’s all.
That is as much as to say they are fools who marry.
That is so much that the sweet youth is in love.
That is what we list to grace him.
That is certain, if the devil is her judge.
That is certain.
That is more slurdy.
That is good.
That was Othello.
That is her torment.
That is mercy, but too much security.
That is more than we know.
That is more to me than my wetness.
That is the best thing about you.
That is my brave lord!
That is my fear.
That is my son.
That is my noble master.
That is my office.
That is my sister.
That is not an office for a friend, my lord.
It is not so good now.
It is not so good.
It is not so.
That is not the tune.
That is one of them.
That is our offer.
That is sides and heart.
That is strange.
That is the end.
That is the next thing to do.
That is twice.
That is two of his weapons.
That is very true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “fiery” duke?
The reason is simple as to church: He that a fool does very wisely hit Doth very foolishly, although he smart, to not seem sinless of the bob.
The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
The adventurous knight shall use his foil and target his enemies, the lover will not sigh gratis, the humorous man will end his life in peace, the clown will make those laughs whose lungs are tickle o' 
The age is so picked that the toe of the farmer comes so close to the heel of the courtier he galles his kibe.
The air here breathes sweetly.
The air is calming and sweetly recommended to our gentle senses.
The sun Ne'er saw her match since the world began.
The ancient saying is no hesy.
The April is in her eyes
It is like a bloody arbitrament.
What is the article of my oath?
He will be as well neighbored, pitied, and relieved as you my sometime daughter.
The bark is ready and the wind is at help, the associates tend to tend to tend to the wind, and everything is bent for England.
The horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
The beds i have in East are soft, and thanks to you, I was more time-consuming than my purpose.
The best and soundest of his time has been rash.
My lord, I will do everything I can to make it work.
The best of these are shadows, and the worst is not worse if imagination changes them.
The best news is that we have found our king and company safe.
What is the best?
The better for the King of heaven that has him.
The better for your friends.
The better your Lordship will ask.
The bloody proclamation to escape followed me so close to me—O our lives' sweetness,
The blow you had will make you peace for moving me to rage, and I will be able to get you what you can give beside your modesty.
The bounty and the benison of heaven To boot and boot.
The boy warns about something.
The boy was the staff of my age, my prop.
The breaking of such a thing should make a bigger crack.
He is the bridegroom he is already coming.
The British powers are marching up until now.
The broken rancor of your high-swoll'n hates, but lately splintered, knitted and joined together, Must be preserved, cherished and kept.
The business of the state does him offence, and he chides you.
The business of this man looks out of him.
The business she has done in the state cannot endure my absence.
The capon burns
The captain who brought me first on shore wore my maid’s clothes.
The captain— Give it the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers.
The castle is a little slick.
The cause is in my will.
The cease of majesty does not happen alone, but, like a gulf, does not draw anything near it.
The chain!
The chaplain of the Tower has buried them, but I do not know where to say the truth.
The children live whose fathers have slaughtered, ungoverned youth, to wail it in their age
My wife and I, laying our eyes on whom we were supposed to be, sat either end of the mast and, floating straight, obedient to the stream, was carried towards Corinth, as we thought.
The people are up, and Tybalt is killed.
The clerk is answered.
The clock has stricken three.
The clock struck nine when I sent the Nurse.
The cockerel.
The competitors enter.
The concavities of it are not enough, because you may talk to the duke, look you, and dig himself four yards under the countermines.
The concern, sir?
The result is that your jealousy has scared your husband from using wits.
The constable of France.
The contents, as I understand them, are to blame.
What are the cords that Romeo has gotten you?
The Count Claudio will marry the daughter of Leonato.
The count himself here is hard to beat.
The Count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well, but civil count is civil as an orange, and something of that jealousy.
The Count’s gentleman, one Cesario.
The court awards it, and the law gives it.
The cowslips are the tallest of her pensioners.
The crowner sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air show are so gross as beetles.
The cry is still “They come!” Our castle will laugh a siege to shame.
The savageness of her passion invites me in this churlish messenger.
The bell has been rung.
The date is out of such a sluggishness.
The Dauphin sat for morning.
The Dauphin, whom we have sat with, returns to us that his powers are yet not ready to raise a so big siege.
The day is broken.
The day is spent.
The day is yours.
The day will come, when you wish to help me curse that poisonous bunch-backed toad.
My friends, and all things stay for me.
I will give you the dearest ring in Venice, and find it out by proclamation.
The death of Antony is not a single doom.
We are in the deep darkness of night, and nature must obey the necessity, which we will niggard with a little rest.
The desperate tempest has so banged the Turks that their design is halted.
The devil damnes you black, you are a cream-faced loon.
The devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to mine ear.
The devil speaks in him.
The devil is in order now!
The dew is raw and cold.
The ditty remembers my drowned father.
The door is open, sir.
The dram of evil does all the nobleness of a doubt to his own scandal.
The drink, the drink!
The snazzy fool drowns this fool.
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
Will the duke be here tonight?
The Duke greets you, general, and he requires your appearance in the morning.
The Duke himself, or any of my brothers of the state, can't help but feel this wrong as they were their own.
The Duke in council?
The duke is funny.
The duke must grant me that.
My father loved his father very much.
The duke of Exeter loves you well.
The duke of Exeter has maintained the pridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, to whom the order of the siege is given, is directed by an Irishman, a very valiant gentleman, i' faith.
The duke of York lauded him to your Majesty.
The Duke is in council and you are sent for.
The duke is to blame in this.
The earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment—good Captain Blunt, bear my goodnight to him, and by the second hour in the morning, I will see the earl in my tent.
The early village cock Hath has twice saluted the morn.
The ears are sinister, and should give us hearing, to tell him that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth has bubbles, as the water has, and these are the bubbles.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The earth, that is nature’s mother, is her tomb.
The elements are kind to you and make your spirits feel like you are all in comfort.
The Emperor calls Canidius.
The enemy comes on in a slanderous show.
The enemy grows every day.
The enemy, marching along by them, will make a fuller number up, come on refreshed, new-added, and encouraged. From which advantage will we cut him off if we face him there, these people at our
You are French peers.
Please, please.
The English power is near, led by Malcolm, His uncle Siward and the good Macduff.
The even mead, that first brought sweetly forth the scythe, burnet, and green clover, wanting the scythe, withal uncorrected, rank, Conceived
The evil that men do lives after them
The excuse you make in this delay is longer than the tale you make.
The Fairyland buys not the child of me.
I will answer the question.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that we are underlings.
The fault is yours.
The fearful passage of their death-marked love and the continuance of their parents’ rage, which, but their children’s end, could remove, is now the two hours' traffic of our stage—the which, if
The fee is simple.
The fellow has good judgment.
The fiend gives the more friendly counsel.
The fiend is rough and will not be used in large numbers.
The fiend is strong within him.
The fire seven times tried this, seven times tried that judgment, that never chose to be a bad one.
My Nerissa will be sworn on for the first time, whether she would stay until the next night rather than go to bed now, two hours to day.
The first thing that came to greet my stranger-soul was my great father-in-law, renownèd Warwick, who said loudly, “What a scourge for perjury can this dark
The flat transgression of a schoolboy who, being overjoyed with finding a bird's nest, shows it to his companion and steals it.
The foes are in the field.
The fold is empty in the drowned field, and crows are fatted with the murrain flock.
The fright of this island.
He will soon be as bitter as coloquintida.
The fool will stay.
The forfeit of my servant’s life, sovereign, who slew today a riotous gentleman lately on the duke of Norfolk.
The former Hero!
The foul fiend bites my back.
The foul fiend follows me!
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale.
The foul practice Hath took off against me.
The worst thing I can do is to get it right.
The four strangers seek for you, madam, to take their leave.
The French ambassador upon that instant audience.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French is gone, look you, and there are many prave passages.
If he knew of it, the French would have a good prey of us, because there is no guard to protect it, but boys.
The baked meats were cold and sat down the tables.
I am hoping to gain a lot of peace in the match.
The gallants want it.
The galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers this night at one another’s heels, and many of the consuls raised and met are already at the Duke’s.
The games are done and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be shut up, and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart, will be able to walk with conscience wide as hell, mowing like grass your fresh fair virgins and your flow'ring
The general and his wife are talking about it, and she speaks for you stoutly.
The general speaks to you.
The generals would have some words.
The gentleman who danced with her told her she is wronged by you.
The gentleman will have one bout with you, for his honor.
The gentleness of all the gods goes with you!
I have given him a glove for a favor and I will probably buy him a box o' th' ear.
The glowworm shows the matin to be near, and 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire.
The god of Jupiter.
The gods are just, and our pleasant vices make instruments to plague us.
The gods know that never was queen so ill-prepared.
The gods have a sigh of relief!
The gods defend her!
He is so bad.
The gods do this in shame of cowardice.
The gods are not going to do so.
The gods make this a happy day to Antony.
The gods reward your kindness.
The gods have ahold on me.
The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up at the Centaur, and the heedful slave is wandered forth, in order to seek me out.
The good years will devour them, flesh and fall, and they will make us weep.
You are so blessed with the night.
The gown is made as my master had direction.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, checking the eastern clouds with streaks of light, and fleckled darkness like a drunkard reels from forth day’s path and Titan’s fier
The great battle of the sea and skies shook our fellowship.
The great rage, you see, is killed in him.
The greater cantle of the world is lost with very ignorance.
The horse in general is a horse.
The greater we should be, the more courageous we should be.
The greatest note of it is his melancholy.
The ground is tawny.
The ground is bloody.
He has been raught with the hand of death.
The handkerchief!
Who are the heads of the maids?
The heart is so charged.
The hearts of old gave hands, but our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.
The heavens do ill for you, and you will not be able to move them without a big deal of money.
The heavens forbid us, but that our love and comforts should increase as our days grow.
The heavens themselves fire up the death of princes.
The herb I showed you once.
The higher Nilus swells, the more it promises.
The honor is sacred, and he talks about it now, assuming I didn’t have it.
The honorable lady of the house, who is she?
The hour of death is expiate.
The hour steals on.
The house will be quieter.
The hurt can be much.
The Hyrcanian deserts and the vasty wilds of wide Arabia are as thoroughfares now for princes to come to view fair Portia.
The images of revolt and flying off.
The ingratitude of this Seleucus makes me wild.
The mine is the interim.
The iron tongue of midnight has told twelve.
He would have been the merèd question.
The Jew will have justice.
You will lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you had from me to deliver Desdemona would have corrupted a votaress half.
The mighty king of power makes me weakest, weakest, your reconciler.
The juice of it on sleeping eyelids will make or make a man or woman madly dot on the next live creature that it sees.
The king and prince at prayers.
The king and queen are all coming down.
The king comes here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king is more than a man, he is more than a man.
The king is a king of nature, there is father against child.
The king has killed his heart.
The king has given every article, his daughter first, and, in the sequel, all, according to their firm proposed natures.
The king has heard them, and there is no answer.
The king has taken note of all that they intend to do, by interception that they do not dream of.
The king has strictly charged the contrary.
The king himself is able to see their battle.
He must be ill, so he should be so ill in his messenger.
The king is coming.
The king is full of grace and fair respect.
The king is mad.
He is not bound to answer the endings of his soldiers, the father of his son, nor the master of his servant, because they do not want their death to happen when they do their services.
The king is not to answer it.
The king mine uncle is to blame for it.
The king my father?!
The King of Naples, being an enemy to me inveterate, hears my brother’s suit, which was that he, in lieu of th' premises of homage and I know not how much tribute he should
The king rises.
The king will drink to Hamlet’s better breath, and in the cup he will throw more power than the four successive kings in Denmark’s crown.
The King will be gone from Southampton.
The king would speak with Cornwall.
The king, His brother, and yours, are all distracted by the three, and the rest mourning over them, brimful of sorrow and sorrow.
The king, sir, what is he doing?
The king, sir, has laid out that in a dozen passes between you and him, he will not exceed you three hits.
The king, sir, has waged six barbary horses against the horses he has impawned, as I take it, six French rapiers and poniards with their assigns.
The king, the king to blame.
The king?
The king is a king, a king of gold, a king of life, a king of fame, of parents good, of the king's most valiant.
The king’s a-bed.
I have landed by myself, who has left the air cooling with sighs in an odd angle of the king’s head, and sitting in his arms in this sad knot.
The king’s son, Ferdinand, had hair up-staring—and then, like reeds, not hair— and was the first man who leaped, cried, “Hell is empty and all
The knave is good.
We are a little ill at the pain of physics.
The ladies, her attendants of her chamber saw her abed, and in the morning they found the bed untreasured of their mistress.
The Lady Beatrice has a dispute with you.
The lady is dead upon me and my master is falsely accused.
The lady of the Strachy married the yeoman of the wardrobe.
The lady protests too much, methinks.
The worst changes come from laughter.
The last of all the Romans, you will be good!
The last she said was “Antony, most noble Antony!” And then in the middle of a tearing groan, she broke the name of Antony.
I felt your tyranny.
The law allows it, and the court grants it.
The law has another hold on you.
The law that threatened death becomes your friend and turns it into exile.
The laws are mine, not yours.
The leisure and fearful time cuts off the ceremonious vows of love and ample exchange of sweet discourse, which so long-sundered friends should dwell on.
Je less they deserve, the more merit you deserve.
The letters he speaks of may be my friends.
The lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient.
The lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard.
What is the life?
The same is on her arm.
The limit of your lives is out.
The little dogs and all, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—see, they bark at me.
I would have to be with you.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord in heaven bless you, noble Harry!
The Lord Mayor knocks.
The Lord protects him from that kingly title!
The love that follows us sometime is our trouble, which we thank as love.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet are all compact.
He used Malvolio to make it madly.
The main scry is in the hourly thought.
The man grows mad.
The man i' m on moon!
The man is innocent.
The man is notwithstanding enough.
The man should be put in the lanthorn.
The man who once sold the lion’s skin while the beast lived was killed by hunting him.
How are they dying?
The mariners all under hatches stowed, who, with a charm, joined their suffering labor, I have left asleep.
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What is the matter?
The Mayor and all his brethren are in the best form, like to the senators of Rome's antique Rome, with the plebeians swarming at their heels, go forth and fetch their conquering Caesar
The mayor is here.
In the meantime, lady, I will raise the question of the preparation of a war.
The meat was good, if you were so happy.
The merchandise that you have brought from Rome is all too dear for me.
The mercy that was quick in us but late by your own counsel is suppressed and killed.
The messenger came on my guard and is now dragging his mules in your tent.
The messengers from our sister and the king.
The messengers of Venice keep the meat.
The messengers!
The mighty dukes, Gloucester and Buckingham.
The mighty gods defend you!
I will never shake my mind with doubt or fear.
The minute of their plot is coming.
The moblèd queen?
The money that you have to pay for the chain.
The moon is down.
The moon looks with a watery eye.
The moon shines brightly.
The moon?
My poison is already a poison.
The Moor has killed my mistress.
The Moor himself is in full commission here for Cyprus.
The Moor replies that he you hurt is of great fame in Cyprus and has a great affinity for Cyprus and that he will not be able to refuse you.
The Moors are abused by some villainous knave, some base notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.
The more fool you for laying on my duty.
The more fool, madonna, to mourn for your brother’s soul being in heaven.
Je more I hate, desto more he follows me.
Je more I love, desto more he hates me.
Je more I pray, the lesser my grace.
Je more I get wrong, desto more he seems to be ill.
It is a shame that fools may not speak wisely about what wise men do foolishly.
The more it is a shame that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.
The morn is fair.
The morning comes upon the morning.
Who is the most exquisite Claudio?
The most infectious pestilence on you!
You wanted to get her promotion, because she was your heaven.
I will be yours.
The motions of his spirit are dull as night, and his affections are dark as Erebus.
The roaring surge that can't be heard so high on a numbered idle pebble.
The music, ho!
Cassius' name honors this corruption, and chastisement hides his head.
The nature of bad news infects the teller.
The near in blood, the nearer in blood.
The news is true, my lord.
The next Caesarion smite, till the memory of my womb, together with my brave Egyptians all, by the discandying of this pelleted storm, Lie graveless till the flies and
The next thing she wakes up looks at is lion, bear, wolf, bull, monkey, ape, and ape.
The next, our ship, which we gave out three glasses, is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea.
The night has been unruly.
The noble Brutus Hath told you Caesar was ambitious.
The noble Brutus is ascended.
The noble duke my master, my worthy arch and patron, comes tonight.
The noblest deer has them as huge as the rascal.
The noise they make will cause Demetrius to awaken.
If he says I said so, the note lies in the throat.
The oars were silver, which kept strokes a little longer, and made the water that they beat to follow faster, as amorous as their strokes.
The oats have eaten the horses.
The obscure bird clamored the night.
The odds are gone, and nothing left remarkable in the moon.
The old cock.
The old man and his people cannot be well rewarded.
The old man told us all.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all times.
The one I will stay, the other stays me.
The one is too like an image and does nothing, the other is too like my eldest son, ever more tattling.
The one of them contains my picture, Prince.
The one of them imports Cassio's death to be undertook by Roderigo.
The one poisoned me for my sake, and she slammed herself.
The one, to save the money he spends on his tiring activities
The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, and the place death, considering who you are, is where I will find you.
The order was reversed.
The other did not.
The other half comes to the general state, which humbleness may lead to a fine.
The other half comes to the state's shack, and the offender’s life lies in the mercy of the Duke only 'gainst all other voice'.
The ox hat deshalb seinen yoke in vain strewn, The ploughman lost his sweat and the green corn he rotted ere his youth attained a
The pale companion is not for our pomp.
The passages of a hound, a hound, that runs counter and draws dryfoot well, and that is a hound that carries poor souls to hell before the judgment.
The patch is kind enough, but he is a huge feeder, snail-slow in profit, and he sleeps by day more than the wildcat.
The people know it and have now received his accusations.
The people love me, and the sea is mine.
The perdition of your athversary has been very great, reasonable great.
If we could carry cannon by our sides, the phrase would be more germany.
The pig, or the great, or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all one of the things that are thought to be worthless, except that the phrase is a little different.
The plainsong is just, because humors are plentiful.
The play is the thing where I will catch the conscience of the king.
The players cannot keep counsel.
The point was envenomed too!
The poison of that lies in you to temper.
The poop was beaten gold, purple the sails, and so perfumèd that the winds were sick with them.
The poor world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time, no man died in his own person, videlicet, in a love cause.
The poison is a powerful poison that o'ercrows my spirit.
The pound of flesh I ask him is worth it.
The power of Caesar, and his power to Octavia.
The kingdom is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is a kingdom that is 
The prayers of holy saints and wronged souls stand before our faces.
The Prince and Claudio promised to visit me at this hour. You know your office, brother.
The Prince and Monsieur Love!
My brother has outgrown me.
The Prince of Arragon has a ta’en his oath and comes to his election now.
The Prince will kill you if you are taken.
The Prince’s fool!
Both the princes make a high account of you, I know they do, and I have deserved it.
The princess is the better Englishwoman.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
Nothing has such a bad reputation to hide itself.
The dispute is between our masters and us their men.
The Queen approaches.
The queen is a king of fortune, Hamlet.
The queen wants you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you fall to play.
The Queen of audience nor desire will fail, so she will drive her all-disgracéd friend from Egypt or take his life there.
The Queen will have courtesy, so she will give us up.
The queen, your mother, has sent me to you in a great affliction of spirit.
My lord, the queen, is dead.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
Cordelia and her father need a better place.
The question of his death is enrolled in the Capitol.
The rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance.
The rate is, Shylock, we will beholding you.
The best way to make the wench amends is to become her husband and her father.
I think he is mad because of his rage, and that is a mad tale he told today at dinner of his own doors being shut against his entrance.
The reason why the seven stars are more than seven is a pretty reason.
The red plague will rid you of learning me your language!
The residue of your fortune go to my cave and tell me.
The rest of the women are the Dardanian wives, with blearèd faces coming forth to view the issue of your exploit.
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, squires, and gentlemen of blood and quality.
The rest of the time will be with me.
The rest of us will keep as they are.
The rest of your counsel will be comfortable, for your counsel’s sound.
The revelers are entering, brother.
The revenges we will take upon your travesty father are not for your savageness.
The round world would have shook lions into civil streets and shook citizens to their slums.
The royal tree has left us royal fruit, which will be the seat of majesty, and make us happy by his reign.
The saddler had it, sir.
The same, a very valiant fellow.
The same.
The sea, with such a storm as his bare head endured in hell-black night, would have buoyed up and sank the stellèd fires.
The second cock has crowed.
The name is not the same, but it is a better name.
Who are the servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
The messengers from here are dispatched.
The shame itself speaks for instant remedy.
The ship was under sail.
The shrill-gorged lark has been seen and heard.
The sight is dismal, and our affairs from England come too late.
The sight of lovers feeds those in love.
I think you had a sight of me, from Claudio and the Prince.
The sin upon my head, dread sovereign, is that it is in the Book of Numbers: “When the man dies, let the inheritance be ruined to the daughter.” Gracious lord, Stand for your own
My wife, this gentlewoman, is the sister of my son by this marriage.
The skies are painted with unnumbered sparks.
The skies, the fountains, every region near me had one mutual cry.
The skin is good for your broken coxcomb.
The sky swells and swells our army.
The sky would swell like a stinking pitch, but the sea, soaring to your cheek, slams the fire out.
The sleeping and the dead are only as pictures.
The slip, sir.
The soldier’s pole is fall’n!
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son is flung.
The son of Clarence have I slept close, His daughter has I matched in marriage, The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham’s bosom, and Anne my wife has bid this world goodnight.
The sooner, sweeter, you will.
The sorrow that I have by right is yours, and all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
The soul and body are not more involved than the greatness going off.
The sound is going away.
My father grows strong in me, and I will not be able to endure it.
The spirit of the spirit shatters me.
The spirits that know all mortal consequences have said that I am not afraid, Macbeth.
The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood is stopped
The spring, the summer, the childing autumn, the angry winter change their lives and the mazèd world, by their increase, now knows not which is which.
The star is falling.
The starry welkin cover you with a fog as black as Acheron, and lead these testy rivals so astray as one come not within another’s way.
The storm is up and all is on the hazard.
The story is extant, and you can choose Italian.
The strangers are gone.
My lord, the strings are false.
I have disclosed the sum of all I can.
The sun gildered our armor.
The sun is high and we wear the day out.
The sun still is not shining from heaven, and my old groans are still in my ancient ears.
The sun was not as true as it was to me.
The sun will not be seen today.
The sun!
The sweet and bitter fool will appear in the moment, the one in the middle of the room, the other found out there.
The sweeter rest was mine.
I have the sweetest sleep and the fairest dreams ever made you feel like you have ever had since you left.
The table is full.
The taming school?
The taper burns in your closet, sir.
The tempest in my mind is to take all my feelings and save what beats there—filial ingratitude.
The tender prince would have come with me to meet your Grace, but by his mother he was unable to get it.
The terms of our estate may not endure a danger of such a dangerous danger as it grows out of his lunacies.
The testament!
The text is foolish.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threatened me Ne'er looked on my back.
The third world is yours, which you may be able to do with a snazzy, but not with a wife.
The third part is drunk.
The thought of Doth, like a poisonous mineral, gnaw my inners, and nothing can or will be able to soothe my soul until I am evened with him, wife for wife.
The thoughts of people.
The thrice three Muses mourn the death of learning, late deceased in beggary.
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels of senators, of praetors, common suitors, will crowd a man fast to death.
The time twixt six and now must be spent by us both.
My senses would have cooled to hear a night-shriek, and my hair fell in a dismal treatise would rouse and stir as life was in ’t.
The time has come when the brains were out, and the man would die.
It is time to get there.
The time is free.
The time is very short.
The time of universal peace is near.
It is time to come.
It was a time when you would never want to say that never words were music to your ears, that never object pleasing in your eyes, that never touch well welcome to your hand, that never meat sweet-savored in your
The time will come.
The town is beseeched, and the trumpets call us to the breach, and we talk and, be Chrish, do nothing, it is shame for us all.
The town sounds like a parley.
The town will rise.
The transgression is in the stealth.
The tastier instrument is in your hand, unbated and envenomed.
I remember the trick of that voice.
The triplex, sir, is a good measure of tripping, or the bells of Saint Bennet, sir, may put you in mind—one, two, three.
If I have a trumpery in my house, go bring it to my house for stale to catch these thieves.
The Turk with a very powerful preparation makes for Cyprus.
The tyrannous and bloody act is done, the most cruel and cruel massacre that this country had ever been guilty of.
The tyranny of the open night is too rough for nature to endure.
The urging of that word “judgment” has wrought a kind of remorse in me.
The usurer hangs the cozener.
The valiant never tasted death but once.
The venom clamors of a jealous woman are more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
We hope that such looks have lost their quality and that this day will change all griefs and disputes into love.
I am so far away from my offending sex.
I am a patient log-man.
I followed him fast, but faster he did fly, I fell in a dark uneven way.
The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke, who went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain will not scape.
The violet smells to him as it smells to me.
The voice of Cassio.
The wager you have won, and I will add twenty thousand crowns to their losses, another dowry to another daughter, because she is changed as she never had.
What is the wager?
The wall, methinks, should be cursed again.
The watchdogs bark.
The watery kingdom, whose ambitious head is spitzing in the face of heaven, is no bar to stop the foreign spirits, but they come as o'er a brook to see fair Portia.
The ways are dangerous.
The weakest fruit drops the first time to the ground.
The weary way has made you melancholy.
We must obey the weight of this sad time.
The west is a solitary place.
What is that?
The whole thing, man.
The wife of Antony should have an army for an usher and The neighs of horse to tell her of her approach long ago.
The wildest is not so hearty as you.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind sits in the shoulder of your sail and you are stayed for.
The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees are left to spit out.
The wine she drinks is made of grapes.
The wisdom of your duty, fair Bianca, Hath, cost me a hundred crowns since suppertime.
The wiser, the wiser.
The wolves have preyed on the gentle day, before the wheels of Phoebus, and looked around the drowsy east with spots of grey.
He has endured so long.
The wood of Birnam.
The word is too good to paint out her wickedness.
You are a pound of flesh. Take your bond, take your pound of flesh, but in the cutting it if you shed one drop of Christian blood, your land and goods are confiscated by the laws of Venice to the
The world does not have any law to make you rich.
I found him still mine enemy.
The world is so bad that wrens make prey where eagles do not want to perch.
The world is not your friend, nor the world’s law.
The world is huge.
The worm of conscience still beggars your soul.
The worm that has fled the wild, will breed in time.
The worms were hallowed that did breed the silk, and it was dyed in mummy which the skillful Conserved of maidens' hearts.
The worst fault you have is to be in love.
The wren goes to t, and the small gilded fly is a lecher in my sight.
The younger rises when the old falls.
You are saying, “England is thine, Ireland is thine, France is thine, and Harry Plantagenet is thine,” who, even though I speak it before his face, if he is not fellow
You and your virtues here I take care of, whether it is lawful or not I take up what is cast away.
I am their aunt, in love with their mother.
Their battles are at hand.
Their bloody sign of battle is hung out, and something to do immediately.
Their love, the tidings of her death.
Their defeat grows by their own insinuation.
Their great guilt, like poison given to work a great time after, now tries to bite the spirits.
Their hands and faces were all sprayed with blood.
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk, and in their summer beauty kissed each other.
Their malady convinces the great assay of art, but at his touch—that sanctity has heaven given his hand—they are now amending.
Their mastiffs are of unmatched courage.
Their names are sucked away.
Their papers are more legal.
They are now on the sea.
Their reputation and profit were both better.
Their shadows seem to be the most fatal canopy, under which our army lies, ready to give up the ghost.
Their ships are heavy.
I have to cast it up.
He is the one who is already in the court.
It is like the breath of an unfeety lawyer.
It is not like Macbeth will have the sovereignty to do.
Then we are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows.
She began to deal with grief alone.
If you do, my good lord, you will be king.
Be a jocund.
Be your eyes the witness of their evil.
My children will not have names.
Give me adieu and say the tears are in Egypt.
You will have to do both, or one, or anything you want to do.
Bring me to their sights.
Then brook abridgment, and your eyes advance after your thoughts, back to France.
He burst his mighty heart, and, in his mantle muffling up his face, even at the base of Pompey’s statue, which ran blood, the great Caesar fell.
I go to find my fawn and give it food.
No bed room I will be able to refuse.
Call us the field of Agincourt, who was beaten on the day of Crispin Crispianus.
He says there are two councils, and that may be determined at the one which may make you and him to rue at the other.
I will be back.
Then comes the time, who lives to see if it is not, that going will be used with feet.
She cursed her.
They did not imitate what I composed to my courser, because my horse is my mistress.
Do not hesitate to tell me what I should do to make sure that you know that I am doing it.
He says he gave me some shipping, unrestored.
Edgar was abused.
Every soldier kills his prisoners.
Fly!
Follow me and give me audience, friends.
You are right here, dear countrymen.
Then go to his embassy, which I could tell you with a guess.
God will bless you, it is the sun.
If you had a good head of hair, you would have had a good head of hair.
Then half of Signor Benedick’s tongue in Count John’s mouth, and half of Signor Benedick’s melancholy in his face—with a good leg and a good foot,
Have you come to you, boy!
Have a good time with me.
Have my lips the sin they have taken.
He is dead?
He offered it again, then put it back in, but, to my thinking, he was very loath to lay his fingers off it.
He will have no odds.
He is a rogue, and he is a pavin.
You are my gracious sovereign, and you are your peers who are responsible for your lives, your services and your lives.
Have mercy on me.
You will be in Friar Lawrence’s cell.
How can I say I am alone when all the world is here to look at me?
I beat my tabor, where, like unbacked colts, they shook their ears, advanced their eyelids, lifted up their noses as they smelt music.
I will, stars!
I know that my answer must be made.
I will salute you with this royal title: Long live Richard, England’s worthy king!
I will come to my mother by and by.
I will give you the creature I serve.
I will kiss your lips, Kate.
You were so honest.
I and you, and all of us, fell down, while bloody treason flourished over us.
I will be brief.
If he loses, he ends up in a swanlike way, fading in music.
If we lose this battle, you are happy to be led in triumph in Rome.
In my tent, Cassius, you will be able to see your griefs and tell you what I will do.
Caesar is the one who will forever knit together.
You can then get a turncoat.
He is more ahold to you than I.
The world is the world.
When earthly things, made even, are together, there is a sigh of relief in heaven.
Keep your vow, sir, when you meet the fellow.
You know that from my soul I love your daughter.
You lead the way, good father
Learn this from me.
Leave her, sir, for you, I tell you all her wealth.
Leave him out.
Let the trumpets sound like a tucket sonance and a note to mount, because our approach will so much be a wrath that England will be afraid and yield.
Let them use us well, and let them know, we are all evils.
Let your love be younger than you, or your affection cannot hold the bent.
Let us be both sudden.
Let your servants bring my husband forth.
Let your will follow their instructions.
I tell you the truth like a Roman.
You love me, Rosalind.
Make a ring about the corpse of Caesar, and let me show you him who made the will.
Come and meet me at the notary’s.
Move it, while I pray.
Then murder is out of tune, and revenge becomes harsh.
I think you would not have it.
The Jew must be merciful.
You must find new heaven, new earth.
We must look at his age to see how he is treated from his age to receive not alone the imperfections of long-engrafted condition, but also the unruly waywardness that infirm and choleric years bring
You must speak of one who loved him not wisely, but too well.
Never was man true.
I have no offense.
You will be able to prove a slender panel and, like green timber, warp, warp.
Open your lips.
He is a sweet father, for my sake.
I will listen to my impatience.
You know that my dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich Capulet.
Tell her my love story.
I pleaded for you.
Put your pipes in your bag, and I will leave.
He saw you not his face?
Tell me what you want.
Tell me what you know in this.
Then say they were not killed.
I will then bleed to death.
I swear to Kate, and you to me, and will be able to give us our oaths to be kept and rewarded.
Then the sighs of Octavia blow the fire up in Caesar, and, like I said before, that is the strength of their amity will prove the author of their variance.
We will be crammed with news.
Tomorrow we will find that they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight.
She has some depth?
She is well, and nothing can be ill.
Show it to me.
I slip from her bum, down and cries, and falls into a cough. The whole quire holds their hips and laughs, and waxes in their mirth, and neezes, and
I have heard so much.
Stand with us.
He swore he was a stranger here.
Take him up and manage well the snafu.
Tell me if this is a brother.
Tell me, if I get your daughter’s love, what dowry will I have with her to wife?
Tell me, what makes him feel on the seas?
The liars and swearers are fools, because there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang them up.
Then the satchel and shining morning face, creeping like a snail, unwillingly to school.
There is no lover in the forest, but sighing every minute and groaning every hour would detect the lazy foot of time as well as a clock.
There is the County Palatine.
There were two cousins laid up, one should be slammed with motives and the other mad without any.
There is hope that a great man’s memory will be alive for a half a year.
There is no life in it.
You are damned.
Then, so: Baptista is safe, talking with the deceiving father of a deceiving son.
If you have seen much and nothing, you have rich eyes and poor hands.
He will go to the woods tomorrow night to pursue her.
Walk us up, even to the marketplace, and waving our red weapons o'er our heads. Let’s all cry, “Peace, freedom, and liberty!”
Let us go.
No more.
If you have too much ear, you can lose your heart or treasure to his unmastered importunity.
Isn’t that a doubt?
I will lay the dagger on your paws.
Then two will woo one.
I would go to Heaven that I never seen.
You will be a fool, a frightened man, and live to be the show and gaze at it.
You are better than the king.
You are mad, if you are no better in your wits than a fool.
You do not love me?
You live about her waist, or in the middle of her favors?
You have to say, “I take you, Rosalind, for wife.”
You will then bring the chain to her yourself.
You will then buy 'em to sell again.
Your hose should be ungartered, your bonnet unbanded, your sleeve unbuttoned, your shoe untied and everything about you should be a savage deodorant.
I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail, six score fat oxen standing in my stalls, and all things are able to be able to make this portion.
You are self-misused.
You will be back, brother.
You are damned for that wicked thing.
If I am not so good, I will not be able to think my poverty is a tad threatening.
Good luck, my lord, teach your cousin to accept winking.
If you acknowledge it, I will make it my dispute.
If they die unforgiven, no more is the king guilty of their damnation than he was before he was guilty of those impieties for which he is now visiting.
In God’s name, you will march.
You can then, in the name of God and all these rights, make sure you are doing well.
If he does not, he will stop.
You look at a troublous world.
My queen, in silence, will return to the shade of the night.
They hailed him father to a line of kings.
Tell me, who is the next heir of Naples?
I will answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly, and wisely, I say I am a bachelor.
Then, window, let day in and let life go.
Now, with your will, go on.
You have a pair of chaps, no more, and throw all the food you have, they will grind the one the other.
You conclude, my grandma, he is dead.
I have followed it, or it has drawn me more.
We looked at England and cited a thousand fearful times during the wars of York and Lancaster that had befall us.
There are more things in heaven and earth than you dream of in your philosophy.
There are my keys.
There are no faces that are truer than those that are so shaved.
There are no other tongues for the turn.
There are no tricks in simple faith.
There are some shrewd contents in a paper that steals the color from Bassanio’s cheek.
There are the players.
There are things that will never please you.
There is a great crowd.
There are fools alive, iwis, Silvered o'er.
There are rats and water rats, water thieves and land thieves, I mean pirates, and then there is the danger of water, winds, and rocks.
There are some of them, no question.
I came to Venice with divers of Antonio’s creditors who swear he cannot choose but break.
There is an old man and his three sons, and I could match this with an old tale.
I could have him here and there again.
He is here.
I refuse my land service.
There is another bad match! a bankrupt, a prodigal who has a smug face on the Rialto, a beggar used to come upon the mart.
I will see my own figure.
There is a cliff, whose head is bending and high and bending, and looks terrifiedly deep.
There is a fair behavior in you, captain, and though that nature with a beauteous wall is close to pollution, I will believe you have a mind that suits you with this fair and outward character.
There is a fat friend at your master’s house that has sat down with me for you at dinner.
There is a kind of war betwixt signor Benedick and her.
There is a litter ready.
There is a lord who will hear you play tonight
There is a man who sooths the forest with carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs odes on hawthorns and elegies on brambles, all
There is a river in Macedonia, and there is a river in Monmouth.
There is an old poor man who after me has a weary step thrown in pure love.
There is only one hope in it that can do you anything good, and that is not a kind of bastard hope.
All of these men have a mind that is bent against Caesar.
There is a further compliment on leaving France with him.
There is a way, madam.
There is more in it.
There is more sense in that than in reputation.
There is no fear in him.
There is no harm intended to your person, nor to no Roman else.
There is no love in you.
There is no more than that.
There is no more to say.
There is no obstruction in this.
There is no shelter hereabouts.
There is no other way, unless you could put on some other form and not be Richard, that has done all this.
There is no other way.
Venice has no power to change a decree.
There is no tarrying here.
There is no terror in your threats, Cassius, because I am so strong in honesty that they pass by me as a wind, which I respect not.
There is no way to do that, Sir Andrew.
There is no woman’s side who can beat a passion so strong that love gives me heart.
There is no world without Verona walls, but purgatory, torture, hell itself.
There is none but he who is afraid of me, and under him my genius is rebuked, as it is said Mark Antony was by Caesar.
There is no mark on you by my uncle.
There is not enough chastity in language, without offense, to utter them.
There is not enough leek to swear by.
There are occasions and causes for why and why.
There is one goat for you.
There is one inside, out of all the things we have heard and seen, and it is a reminder of the horrid sights seen by the watch.
There is so much that you will kill me straight.
I am a little ill, because I dreamed of money bags tonight.
There is some strange misprision in the princes.
There is something strange about Edmund.
There is something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his valor and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand people, a villain?
There is the playhouse now, there must you sit, and then to France, we will bring you back to France, charming the narrow seas to give you a gentle pass.
There is enough time.
It is too good to say that it was a passion of earnest.
There are your money that I had to keep.
There is, there is.
There is silver.
He lay there as a wounded knight.
Let him sink and be the seas on him.
There is a lie that Tybalt.
There is the duke asleep, and there are keys.
There is the man, slain by young Romeo, that slew your kinsman, brave Mercutio.
There is your love.
There is your way, due west.
There lies your way.
There you are locked and send him the word you are dead.
There may be a lot of amity and life 'Tween snow and fire, as treason and my love.
There must be conclusions.
I will meet my Lysander and myself.
There is no ghost, my lord, who will come from the grave to tell us this.
There are still many people who are still there and are begging for it to be a strong opponent to the French.
There is rust and let me die.
There will be my cousin Beatrice, who is proposing with the Prince and Claudio.
There is Titania sometime in the night, lulled in these flowers with dances and delights.
There is a husband who can make you a wife.
There lies the grown serpent.
You may have brained him, if you have seized his books, or if you have a log battering his skull, or you may have a stake in him, or cut his wease
You might be able to see the great image of authority: a dog is obeyed in office.
You should be there. By this great clatter, one of the greatest notes is noiseed.
There is no reason to say it.
There to meet with Macbeth.
There was a noise, that is true.
He had a red lip, a little riper and more lusty red than that mixed in his cheek.
There was blow for blow.
I would have thought I would have done more foolery.
There was never counterfeit of passion came so close to the life of passion as she discovers it.
There was no link to Peter’s hat, and Walter’s dagger was not coming from sheathing.
There was no such thing in the army of any kind.
There was no money bid for argument for a while unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question.
There were none of the best people in the world, except Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
There was no principal.
There will be a woman who will hide her to listen to our proposal.
There will be a meal.
We will hear about it, because if we meet in the city, we will be surrounded by company and our devices known.
There would be a monster that would make a man.
There, Diomed, there.
I drink that for me.
Here, gentle Hermia, I will marry you.
Here, my blessing with you.
Here, my lord.
I will betray fishes, who are a little spooky.
There, sir, stop.
Take it to you, trenchers, cups, and all of that.
Take it, Prince.
Here, take it. Thank you for your cheer.
Take my coxcomb.
Here, take you that, sir knave.
There is a torch that burns.
There!
There.
There is a bargain.
There is a division between the dukes.
There is a great deal of kindness in the general dependants as well as in the duke himself and your daughter.
There is a strong fellow, Menas.
There is time for everything.
There is another garment for ’t.
There is another.
There is a beggar in the love that can be reckoned.
There is only one down.
There is still comfort, they are assailable.
There is Dolabella sent from Caesar.
There is enough.
There are few or none of them who will entertain it.
There is fire ready.
There are five to one.
There is hell, there is darkness, there is the sulfurous pit— burning, scalding, stench, consumption!
There is hope in a few days.
There is a man who is a man.
There is a knock at the gate.
I have little of the melancholy element in her, my lord.
There is magic in the web of it.
There is no matter if he is angry.
There is meaning in your snores.
There is mine.
There is money for you.
There is money for you.
There is money for your pains.
It is more dependent on this than on the value.
There is my cap.
There is my hand.
There is my key.
There is a villain in Denmark, but he is an arrant knave.
There is no art to find the mind’s construction in the face.
There is no clock in the forest.
There is no composition in this news that gives them credit.
He will soon recover from his normal health.
There is no offense, my lord.
There is no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature.
He is not a true person to be touched by love.
There are no witches here, and it is time to be here.
There is none else.
There is a man I meet, but he will greet me as if I were their well-acquainted friend.
There is no nobler man in Rome than Antony.
There is no one of them, but in his house I keep a servant feed.
There is no feather in our host, I hope we will not fly.
There is no subject that sits in heart-grief and uneasyness under the sweet shade of your government.
She is still not.
There is one at the gate.
There is another business for you.
There is a part of a power already stowed.
There is rosemary, that is for remembrance.
There is some conceit or other like him well when he bids good morrow with such spirit.
There is something else to do.
There is something in ’t that is deceivable.
There is strange news coming, sir.
There is the snob.
There is the point.
There is respect that makes calamity so long.
There are two or three people who have seen strange sights.
There is warrant in that theft which steals itself when there is no mercy left.
Here we will shadow the numbers of our host and make discovery errors in our report of us.
You will not pay for the glasses you have burst?
He is not certain he was ambitious.
All hearts in love use their own tongues.
A prologue must tell him he is not a lion.
So, we are going to get our stuff aboard.
Be cheered.
Be awed to my unplugness, and all the gods go with you!
Be damned, you are honest.
Do not be a merry, Cassio, because your solicitor will rather die than give away your cause.
Be o' good cheer, because I think you are damned.
Don’t be afraid, doubtful.
Be patient.
Be patient.
So bear up and board 'em.
Be careful of my censure and keep your promise.
Don’t confess to you freely of your sin, because to refuse each article with a oath can not remove or choke the strong conception that I do groan withal.
Deshalb lasse er hiermit mit mir.
Exhale.
Forgive me a little while.
Don’t let him go and give him his desire.
Don’t give me any counsel.
Give out your name to Epidamnum, so that your goods will be confiscated too soon.
So go with me.
So go.
My sorrows and tears have been ruined.
He hates me.
He who cannot lick his fingers does not go with me.
It is therefore heaven nature that one body should be filled with all graces wide-enlarged.
I advise you to take this note.
I have enthused him to watch the minutes of this night, so if he returns again, he can see our eyes and speak to it.
I pray you lead me to the skets to try my luck.
I pray that you return to our sister.
I promise you I have no fear.
I say that the prince is not a prince.
I took your hands, but was able to get back to Caesar.
I will leave unkissed.
I will sleep again.
I am so sweet, dear, I prithee.
It is therefore most appropriate for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, finds no obstacle to the contrary, to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as I am to myself.
I have earned a thousand ducats from Don John.
Let Benedick, like a covered fire, eat away in sighs, and go outwardly.
Let every man now ask him to do this, so that he can do it on foot.
Let’s follow.
Love is therefore moderately.
Make enough space between you.
I am a lusty winter, but kindly.
I am not sad.
My son is a bit slammed, and I will seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded.
Demetrius Do, as a monster, will not fly my presence.
So, let’s go to the matter.
We will always be grateful for your kindness.
Don’t let your princess go.
You are sad.
Prepare you to cut the flesh off.
Prepare yourself accordingly.
Prepare to die.
Prepare yourself.
Should every soldier in the wars do the same as every sick man in his bed?
Don’t speak more.
So, speak softly.
So speak.
Stay here.
Take heed, therefore, how you impawn our person, how you awaken our sleeping sword of war.
The Dukes of Berri and Brittany, of Brabant and of Orléans, will make forth, and you, Prince Dauphin, will make you come to our towns of war with all of our courage and
The moon, the governess of floods, is savage in her anger, and rheumatic diseases are abound.
The sadness is without limits.
The winds, piping to us in vain, have sucked up from the sea of fogs, which fall in the land.
You are a gaudy gold man, hard food for Midas, I will never be able to.
They thought it was good to hear a play and frame your mind to a sigh of joy and a sigh of relief, which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life.
This letter is so ignorant that it will not cause terror in the youth.
This is a project that is a great way to get started.
You are also a good man.
You must be hanged at the state’s charge.
You sleep so sound.
Deshalb mußte ich Ihnen versichern, daß Sie es mit einiger Temperatur zu tun haben.
Your kinsmen are not going to stop me.
Give yourself the best mercy to destroy us.
Decide and leave.
Turn and draw.
Use your discretion.
He was confined to this rock, who had more than a prison.
We will have about a dozen friends, and there is a final end.
Weep.
Tell us the Dauphin’s mind with frankness and uncurbèd plainness.
You have to play Pyramus.
You may well say I have lost it.
Go, clear your crystals.—Yoke-fellows in arms, Let us to France, like horse-leeches, my boys, to suck, to suck, the very blood to s
I will receive it from you, as I am bound.
Isis, dear Isis, will always be a good person.
Also, fair Hermia, ask yourself your desires.
Farewell.
Good Brutus, be prepared to hear.
Good Emilia, give me my nightly wear and adieu.
We give our town to your mercy.
You have done it.
You can hear me, Hermia.
I beg you to be a god.
Lord Constable, he will grab Montjoy and tell England that we send him to know what he will give.
I will limit you to this day's life by giving you a good help.
Don’t let him be brought forth and borne hence for help.
My lords, do not let us go until we are done with a happy hour.
My sweet Rose, my dear Rose, is so sweet.
Don’t stay by his side, O Antony.
I came to you from my love for you to tell you that either you could keep him from his intentions or he will run away with such a shame.
So, patiently and yielding.
Put money in your purse.
You, queen of all, Katherine, break your mind to me in broken English.
Since brevity is the soul of wit and tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes, I will be brief: your noble son is mad.
When he sees reason for fears as we do, his fears are of the same joy as ours.
You clown, abandon the society of this female, which is in the vulgar, “leave” language, and in the common is “woman”
In our letters we do not agree.
The patient must minister to himself.
You are the weakest.
You are defeated by tyrants.
These are just wild and whirling words, my lord.
These are counselors who feel like I am.
These are gracious drops.
These are news!
These are not natural events.
These are now the fashion, and they are so common that many rapiers are afraid of goose quills and do not come to them.
These are a sham, but I hope they do not point to me.
These are the forgeries of jealousy.
These are stupid tricks.
I am a babe for Clarence, I am a babe for Edward.
These are good humors.
These are the Christian husbands.
Both put off, a poor petitioner, a care-crazed mother to a number of sons, a beauty-waning and distressed widow, even in the afternoon of her best days, made prize
These clothes are good enough to drink in, and so are these boots too.
These couchings and these lowly courtesies could fire the blood of ordinary men and turn preordinance and first decree into the law of children.
These are not the things that should be thought about.
I am pawning these ducats for my father here.
You know that you heard these ears of mine.
These problems will make me smile in France.
These fellows have some soul.
In fifteen years you have been in a dream or waked up as if you slept.
These fifteen years!
These foolish drops drown my manly spirit.
These gloves were a great perfume.
I will not spare a pound of flesh tomorrow to my bloody creditor.
These feathers that are growing from Caesar’s wing will make him fly an ordinary pitch, who would soar above the view of men and keep us all in servile fear.
They are so slammed by me that I have given myself the cause.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows, Being black, tell us they hide the fair.
The king now bears injuries that will be raped home.
These late eclipses in the sun and moon do not do anything for us.
Iago, these letters give to the pilot, and by him I do my duties to the senate.
These lily lips, this cherry nose, these yellow cowslip cheeks are gone.
These are the many who will die.
These Moors are changeable in their wills—fill your purse with money.
I fear them.
He is so venomously stinging that he is a victim of shame.
That is something to hear from Desdemona.
So, as the things come to light, you will be able to shake her spirits up.
These three world-sharers, these competitors, are in your vessel.
These tidings will be a good thing for Cassius.
This time of the year is a savage.
These times of woes give no time to woo.
These wise men who give fools money get a good report after 14 years' purchase.
These words are not mine.
He is so rooted as I.
They are about the court, and, as I think, they have already ordered this night to play before him.
They are afoot.
They are all but stomachs, and we all are all except food.
All of them are welcome.
They are beaten, sir, and our advantage is good for a fair victory.
They are coming to the play.
They are very welcome.
They are free men, but I am banishèd.
They are friends, Ratcliffe and Lovell.
He is his shards.
They are in the wrath of love, and they will together.
They are incensed.
They are louder than the weather or our office.
They are love I bear to you.
They are natural.
They are not ever jealous for the cause, but jealous for they are jealous.
They are not near my conscience.
They are of Norway, sir.
They are terrible.
They are sick?
They are still, or you, the greatest soldier of the world, Art turned the greatest liar.
They are then excused, my lord, when they see not what they do.
They are weary?
They are winged.
They are wise and honorable, and will answer you with reasons.
They are, my lord.
They are.
They bleed on both sides.
They call for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They call it Agincourt.
They can’t budge until you release.
They clepe us drunkards and we will be adding a swinish phrase.
They could be content to visit other places and come down with fearful bravery, thinking by this face to be able to attach our thoughts to courage.
They could not, would not.
They did not want to know her about it, but I convinced them, if they loved Benedick, to wish him affectionately and never let Beatrice know of it.
They did so, to my amazement of my eyes that looked at me.
They did, Fluellen.
They do me wrong, and I will not endure it.
They do not offend our sight.
They fell together as by consent.
They flatter me.
They follow the pleasure of the king.
They have all stomachs.
They have dispatched Pompey, he is gone.
They have a coin that bears the figure of an angel stamped in gold, but that is instigated.
He has been drinking alms-drink.
They have made worms' meat of me.
They are not commanded, mighty king.
They have said their prayers, and they stay for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
They have tied me to a stake.
They know by height, the lowness, or the mean, if dearth or foison follows.
They know your Grace has cause and means and might
They are not able to keep their name.
They mean this night in Sardis to be sat down.
They want to warn us at Philippi, answering before we do not ask them.
They met so close with their lips that their breaths embraced together.
Who is inside?
They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
They must lie there.
They must take it in a sense that feels it.
They never meet, but there is a skirmish of wit between them.
They pray
They say Edgar, his banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
They say he cried out of sack.
They say he was a fencer to the Sophy.
They say he parted well and paid his score.
They say there are five on this isle.
They say this town is full of cozenage, as nimble jugglers that deceive the eye, dark-working sorcerers that change the mind, soul-killing witches that de
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
They say one Taurus.
They smell and see and smell like sweets and sweets, as husbands have.
They will be seized by and by.
They will be married tomorrow, and I will bid the duke to the nuptial.
They will have none, I swear, but these joints will be my fault, which, if they have, as I will leave them, will yield them little.
They will, Nerissa, but in such a habit that they will think we are doing what we lack.
They shout for joy.
They shouted twice.
They sit in the fire of the parlor.
They smile at me that soon will be dead.
They stand and would have a parley.
They stared and were distracted.
They stay on your patience.
They steal hearts.
They stumble fast.
They swore that you were almost sick for me.
They swore that you were well-nigh dead for me.
They swore you did.
They add that he is drunk nightly in your company.
They are honorable.
They must be shaved and bind, then to cart with Rosalind.
If they fall, they will die.
They directed us to the battle, and we will follow in the battle, whose power on either side will be well winged with our chief horse.
They told me I was everything.
They disappeared strangely.
They were smothered.
They were a king!
They were villains, murderers.
They will not believe this without trial.
They will steal anything and call it purchase.
They will do nothing to us.
They would be better if they were followed.
They would have been tempted by a slander.
I would have been as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves or handkerchers, which is a big deal against my manhood, if I take another’s pocket to put in mine, because it is a
They would not have you to stir up today.
They might better wear their heads than some people who have accused them of wearing their hats.
They will be in a slew of scarlet at any news.
They will have me whipped for speaking true, you will have me whipped for lying, and sometimes I am whipped for holding my peace.
They will kill us.
They will be a threat to my counterfeiting.
They will tell you all.
They will tell you the clock to any business that we say is good for the hour.
They are busy within.
Thieves!
Thine eyes, sweet lady, have infect mine.
You, Claudio, you, I say.
Things will stop at the worst, or climb upwards to what they were before.
Everything is vile, with no quantity, and love can be woven into form and dignity.
Things are growing until their season.
It is unfortunate that we have no time to move our daughter.
Everything must be as good as possible.
Things that are past are done with me.
Think and die.
Think it no more.
Think not I love him, though I ask for him.
Think not, you noble Roman, that ever Brutus will go to Rome.
Think of it.
Think of me as you would like.
Think about Lord Hastings.
Think about me, that is when Phoebus’ sourdness is black and wrinkled deep in time.
Think about your sins.
Think so, Iago?
Think about them gone.
Think about Vaughan, and let your guilt fall.
Think what you do, I am your lover’s grace.
Think you but that I know our state is safe, I would be as triumphant as I am.
Think you are no stronger than my sex, being so fathered and so husbanded?
Think you did dissemble my uncle, grandam?
Think you are not sure that the powers we bear with us will cut their passage through the force of France, executing and committing the act for which we have in charge them?
Think you of a worse title, and I will fit her in.
Think you are so?
Think you should walk out?
Think yourself of a baby that you have ta'en these tenders for true pay, which are not sterling.
Think, my lord?
Think, my lord, how do you think?
When we talk of horses, you see them printing their proud hoofs i' th' receiving earth, because you are thinking about what is going on now for our kings, and you will be able to carry them
Think you are going to be wrong?
Think you would make a life of jealousy, to follow the moon with new suspicions?
Think you have a duty to speak when power to flattery bows?
Think you will be a stalemate with titles blown away by adulation?
Think you, Hortensio, that even though her father is very rich, any man is so foolful to be married to hell?
It was a greece to take a break with unhacked edges and bear back our targes uninted.
It is not to feel a tale, not to hear a tale.
This is a dull sight.
This is a good block.
This accident is not unlike my dream, but I am already convinced that it oppresses me.
This admiration is a big savor of other your new pranks.
This is her letter that she would soon be here.
This avarice sticks deeper, grows with more pernicious root than summer-seeming lust, and it has been the sword of our slain kings.
This blows my heart.
This blue-eyed hag was brought with child and here was left by th' sailors.
This bond gives you no jot of blood here.
This broken joint between you and her husband is a splinter, and my fortunes against any lay worth naming, this crack of your love will grow stronger than it was before.
This bud of love, by the ripening summer, may be a beauteous flower when we meet next.
This business is well ended.
This is the dream of Calphurnia.
This Caesar was a tyrant.
He cannot be angry.
It is not possible to do so, by no means a savage.
This is a case of that huge spirit now.
This is a sleeve that threatens to be worn.
This castle has a pleasant place.
This cold night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
This is the letter that is written.
This is the content.
I will choose this course, for forty ducats is too much to lose.
This is a courtesy, you will not know, and will be the duke of the duke.
This dagger has mista'en, because his house is empty on the back of Montague, and it is misheathèd in my daughter’s bosom.
This damned witch, Sycorax, was banished for a mischief of his own.
I breathed first.
This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me while she feasted with harlots in my house.
This is a good thing, I will do before this is cool.
This is no more worthy heaven than you were worthy of her.
This is a good thing to do in Lorenzo.
This diamond is a diamond that greets your wife with the name of the most kind hostess, and shuts up in a solitary manner.
I fear this, but thought he had no weapon, because he was great of heart.
This is a disease that is beyond my practice.
This disturbed sky is not to walk in.
This is a stumbling block in the blood, this cross-gartering, but what is that?
He took the bride about the neck and kissed her lips with a clamorous smack that at the parting all the church did echo.
This is the only way they follow the kings of the kings to do so.
It is not so, because she divides us.
This dream is all wrongly interpreted.
I think this is better than I could imagine.
This feather stirs.
This fellow does not stand on points.
This fellow I remember remembering was his eldest son.
This fellow is wise enough to play the fool, and to do that well, craves a kind of wit.
This fellow is of exceeding honesty and knows all the things that matter to humans.
He will do this.
What is this fortification, gentlemen, but will we see it?
This foul Egyptian has betrayad me.
I found this morning in my tent.
This gentleman will not talk to us all.
This green plot will be our stage, this snazzy-brake our snazzy-house, and we will do it in action as we will do it before the duke.
This grief is crowned with consolation.
This guest of summer, The temple-haunting martlet, approves, by his loved mansionry, that the heaven’s breath is wooing here.
This hand is yours.
This is a good thing to Lepidus.
This heavy-headed revel in east and west makes us traduced and taxed of other nations.
This house is small.
I made this good to you in our last conference, and passed you in probation, how you were borne in hand, how crossed, the instruments, who wrought with them, and all things else that could make a half a
I wonder if he is in debt.
This is a report, dear lady.
If she performs, she will not be able to sue unheard.
What is the public eye on?
This exchange of love, I protest here, will be inviolable upon my part.
This is a dear manikin to you, Sir Toby.
This is a devil, and no monster.
This is a fellow of the same color that our sister speaks of.
This is a man, old, wrinkled, faded, withered, and not a maiden, as you say he is.
This is a man’s invention, and his hand.
This is a vision of the most majestic nature, and is charmingly charming.
This is a practice as a solitary work as a wise man’s art, because he shows a slew of folly that he wisely shows is fit.
This is a slave who is a slave with a simple borrowed pride that he follows in the savage grace of her.
This is a sleepy tune.
This is a small, unmeritable man, who will be sent to a halt.
This is a stem of that victorious stock, and let us fear the native mightiness and fate of him.
This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is a strange thing.
All that is right.
This is an aspic’s trail, and these fig leaves have slimmed upon them, such as th’s aspic leaves on the caves of Nile.
It is as strange as a maze as e'er men trod, and there is more in this business than nature was ever doing.
This is as uncivil as strange.
What is the difference between the two?
I am asleep.
This is his second fit.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
I am very happy with this.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is a mere madness.
This is more strange than a murder.
I will deliver this message every hour in Rome.
This is my treasurer.
This is no answer, you are a savage man.
This is no place, this house is a butchery.
This is not a fool, my lord.
It is not the way to win your daughter.
This is not an Alexandrian feast.
This is nothing, Fool.
This is Ninny’s tomb.
This is old.
This is open.
This is practice, Gloucester.
This is she— Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
This is Signor Antonio.
This is some fellow, who, a man who has been praised for his bluntness, affects a savage roughness and constrains the whole thing from his nature.
I have to take out the work.
This is a monster of the isle with four legs who has got an ague, as I take it.
This is a good thing.
This is the ad-hoc dagger that you said Led you to Duncan.
This is the air, that is the glorious sun.
I am possessed of money, plates, and jewels.
I wanted to fall by the false faith of him who I trusted most.
I was found to be false to his children and his wife’s allies.
This is the door.
It is the great foppery of the world that when we are sick in fortune—often the overeit of our own behavior—we make guilty of our disasters the sun, the moon, and the stars, as if
This is the fairy land.
This is the fool who gave out money gratis.
This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet.
This is the fruit of rashness.
This is the fruit of a sham.
This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings, who is engrossed in a fair manner, so that it is read in Paul’s book.
This is the latest parle we will admit.
This is the man, this is Antonio, to whom I am so bound.
This is the man.
This is the gentleman I have met so often in the forest.
This is the night that makes me feel like I am.
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo wanted us to stand.
This is the place.
This is the sergeant who, like a good and hardy soldier, fought 'Gainst my captivity.
This is the most sluggish stuff I ever heard.
Tell us the truth, or let Benvolio die.
This is the ecstasy of love, who is a violent property that is threatening itself and leads to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven that affects our natures.
This is the false gallop of verses.
This is the painting of your fear.
This is your office.
This is too long.
This is Trebonius.
It is good.
My mother, Sycorax, is the mine of this island.
It is better that the enemy seeks us.
This jack of Caesar’s will bear us a slander to him.
This will cost me some money.
This is a kindness I will show.
This lanthorn is the moon present.
This letter from Bellario doesth praise a young and learnled doctor to our court.
This lion is a very fox, for his valor.
This Lodovico is a good man.
This is not like a nuptial.
This will make Christians raise the price of hogs.
This man has had good counsel—a hundred knights!
This man said, sir, that Don John, the Prince’s brother, was a villain.
This may be my fault.
This morality is a good thing.
They are now flying away and gone, and in their steads do ravens, crows, and kites fly o'er our heads and downward look at us as we were sickly prey.
This morning, like a youth that means to be of note, begins to be a good thing.
This mortal house I will ruin, do Caesar what he can.
This murderous shaft that has been shot has not yet been lighted, and our safest way is to avoid the aim.
If this is the case, it is a strange story.
This would be as heavy for me as odious, but the mistress I serve quickens what is dead and makes my labors pleasures.
This naughty man will face to face be brought to Margaret, who I believe was packed in all this wrong, hired to it by your brother.
This night I have invited a guest like I love.
This night I will spend a night in a terrible and fatal way.
This night I think is just the daylight sick.
This night, the cub-drawn bear would couch, the lion and the belly-pinchèd wolf would keep their fur dry, and he runs unbanned, and bids what will take all.
You need to be able to do this, and you need grace and mercy at your most.
This note tells me that ten thousand French people are killed in the field.
This is the witchcraft I have used.
This slain slave, Forsooth, took him as a conjurer, and, gazing in my eyes, I felt my pulse.
This prince has neither claimed it nor deserved it.
This prophecy will be made by Merlin, because I live before his time.
This purse of ducats I received from you, and my man brought them to me.
This quarry is a scream of destruction.
This ring, good sir, is a trifle.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, which gives men stomach to digest his words with better appetite.
I give you her.
That is the voice of Friar John.
This is a good thing.
Orlando approached the man and found it was his brother, his elder brother.
This servitude makes you to stay unwed.
This will determine that.
This will end without the perdition of souls.
This will make our purpose necessary and not envious, which will appear to the common eyes, and we will be called purgers, not murderers.
This sight of death is as a bell, that warns me of a spulcher.
This would make him desperate to curse his better angel from his side and fall to reprobation.
This speech has moved me, and will do good.
This speed of Caesar’s Carries is beyond belief.
This sword is shown to Caesar, but with this tidings, will enter me with him.
This tempest will not give me the time to think about things that hurt me more.
This is the Dauphin’s speech.
This is the answer you will answer.
I do not engage my life.
This torture should be roared in terrible hell.
I know what you can do with this trick.
This tune is so slick.
This tyrant, who is a tyrant, blisters our tongues, was once thought honest.
This villain of mine comes under the prediction—there is son against father.
This was a great argument of love in her against you.
This was a merry message.
This was a venture, sir, that Jacob served for. It was a thing not in his power to bring to pass but swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.
This was a fly by an eagle.
This was his basket.
This was looked for at your hand, and it was a bit of a surprise.
This was not counterfeit.
It was a paradox, but now the time is right.
This was the most unkindest cut of all time.
This was the noblest Roman of all time.
This was a good job, my bird.
I will do so. Disrobe the images if you find them covered in ceremonies.
That is the way I am, my lord.
That is the way I am, my lord.
This weaves itself into my business.
This wedding day is probably long.
He was heavy, sour, sad, and much different from the man he was.
This was kindness.
I will wear this in my cap.
This kingdom will be a brave kingdom for me, where I will have my music for nothing.
This will put them out of fear.
This will make them so angry that they will kill each other by the look of cockatrices.
This wind you talk about blows us away.
This would drink deep.
This would have been a period to such as love and not sorrow, but another to amplify too much would make much more and make more extremity.
This wretch has confessed to his villainy.
You should be petty and not despise.
That is, and Saint George to boot—What do you think, Norfolk?
What, if the slave is going to flee and scorn our solemnity?
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
Decius Brutus.
This is the day of all souls' Day to my fearful soul.
This is the case.
Thisbe?
He will come to know his destiny.
I must, although against my will, be sure that servants must be fulfilled.
I will have to, and here I will leave you, sir.
I invite the duke and all his contented followers.
Thomas the earl of Surrey and himself, much about cockshut time, from troop to troop cheered up the soldiers.
These are the raisèd father and his friends.
I was a stranger to my brother and was transported to my state in secret.
He has good eyes, that o’er the files and musters of the war have glowed like plated Mars, now bend, now turn The office and devotion of their view on a tawny front
The cheeks of your tins are a counselor to fear.
He had a lot of fun.
You are the one who calls you and is the one who calls you sweet Puck.
The manners of the court are as ridiculous in the country as the country is most mockable at the court.
The people who are in extreme danger are abominable fellows and they are trampled by every modern censure worse than drunkards.
All those who are married already, except one, will live.
The people who die of it rarely or never recover.
The people who teach young babes to do it with gentle means and simple tasks.
The people who have known the earth so full of faults.
The people that Macbeth has killed are those who have been murdered.
The enemies of your father have sprang their galls in honey and serve you with hearts created of duty and of zeal.
If you follow Cassius, go with him, and cause of Caesar’s death will be ruled out.
If you hear me speak, let me stay here.
If you are ready, you will be able to fire with weak straws.
The uncles you want were dangerous.
You can't be afraid to hear it.
You are kind.
You are mad to say it.
You never fear the net, the pitfall, the gin.
You make me a little more hesitant to speak with Pythagoras, who say that animals are a thorn of men.
You will see an Egyptian puppet in Rome, as well as I.
You and your meaner fellows have performed a great job, and I will use you in another trick.
You have a boil, a plague-sore or a smear-seared carbuncle in my corrupted blood.
You are a cobbler, isn’t you?
You are a fellow of a good respect.
You are a fool.
You are a lady.
You are a soldier.
You are a soul in bliss, but I am bound upon a wheel of fire, that my tears are like molten lead.
You are a strange fellow.
You are a traitor.
You are a villain to impeach me.
You are a villain.
You are armed, Gloucester.
You are as wise as you are.
Thou art come to answer a stony adversary, an inhuman wretch, uncapable of pity, void and empty from any dram of mercy.
You are my man, you are my self.
You are shepherd.
You are like one of those people who, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword on the table and says, “God send me no need of you!”
You are not by mine eye, Lysander.
You have not conquered art.
You are on your deathbed.
You are a man who is not a man, but a man who is a man.
You are sure of me.
You are the armorer of my heart.
You are the best o' th's cutthroats.
Thou art the ruins of the noblest man ever inhabited in the tide of times.
You do the same.
Thou is your father’s daughter.
Thou art to die.
You are too good at the spirit of Banquo.
You are too wild, too rude and too bold of voice. Parts that become you happy enough.
Thou art translated.
You have a bag, let me in.
You bleed.
You are a bloodier villain than terms can give you out!
You bring me out of tune.
You can only remember me of my own conception.
You call him who hates you.
You can only compel her to do more than she can.
You can choose not to choose but know who I am.
You can’t fear us, Pompey, with your sails.
You can not be angry, you can not look at your rage, you can not bite the lip as angry wenches will, you have no pleasure to be cross in talk.
You can't speak of that you do not feel.
You can’t.
You can tell you why one’s nose stands i' th’ middle on his face?
You are changèd and self-covered, for shame!
You chid me for loving Rosaline.
You may be hanged.
You drink the stale of horses and the gilded puddle at which beasts would cough.
You did it excellent.
You have prevented me.
You promised to bat me a full year.
You smiled with a fortitude from heaven, when I have decked the sea with drops full salt, and I cried, which raised in me an undergoing stomach to bear up against what should ensue.
You have utmost respect for my place, and you have not usurpised the just proportion of my sorrow?
You are a devil.
You conspire against your friend, Iago, if you think he is wronged and he is his ear.
You do not infect mine eyes.
You mean something.
You do not mark me.
Do you wish more help from England?
You see I eat.
You do not snore.
You speak masterfully.
You do not talk to me.
You do your job fairly.
You do not think much about treading the sand of salt deep, to run on the sharp wind of the north, to do me business in the veins of your earth when it is baked with frost.
Thou drunken slave, I sent you a rope and told you what purpose and what end I want.
You flea, you nit, you winter cricket!
If you are mad, you can hear me speak a little.
You have to send more money.
You hadst, and more, Miranda.
You have a lady far more beautiful than any woman in this age of waning.
You have a sister by the mother’s side, Admired Octavia.
You have amazed me.
You have braved many men, brave not me.
You have sung by moonlight at her window with feigning voice verses of feigning love, and you can make the impression of her fantasy with bracelets of your hair, rings, gaud
You have described a hot friend cooling.
You have done a good job, I will make you know.
You have forspoke my being in these wars and says it is not fit.
You have thrown the word out of his right sense, so you are wit.
You have harped my fear aright.
You have hit it.
You have killed my child.
You have me, if you have me, at the worst, and you will wear me, if you wear me, better and better.
You have a good time to kill care.
You have my love.
You haven’t, cousin.
You have gotten your suit.
You have been arguing with a man for coughing in the street because he has woken your dog that has slept in the sun.
You have railed on yourself.
Hast a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You have seen these signs.
You have served me with much faith.
You have some suit to Caesar, hast you?
You have taken against me a very just exception, but I protest that I have dealt with your affairs most directly.
You have wronged Caius Ligarius.
Ventidius, you haven’t done anything to make sure a soldier and his sword don’t give him a rare distinction.
You have.
You are tempted to use her in the way you whip her up.
You know that it is common.
My daughter is a pretty old girl.
You know my lodging.
You know that gold is not gold.
You know not me.
You know that Banquo, and his Fleance, live.
You know that the first time we smell the air we hear is that we cry.
You know that the mask of night is on my face, and I would a shave my cheeks with a blush.
You know we work by wit and not by witchcraft, and wit depends on dilatory time.
Thou know where I will tarry.
You know that the fashion of a doublet, a hat, or a cloak is nothing to a man.
You are the liest, a tyrant.
You are the liest, most malignant thing.
You are the villain who is liest.
You are liest, you thread, you are thimble, you are three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, nail.
You are the best.
You live.
You look like a cheery man, and I will be with you quickly.
You look like him who knows a warlike charge.
You make me merry.
You may resent you — O slave!
You could have done this without your beard and your gown.
You are the most lying slave, who may move, not kindness.
You must be patient.
You must know, 'It is not my profit that leads mine honor, it is mine honor.
You must not take my former sharpness ill.
What is the trade?
You have to be gone.
You will never hear herald.
You are a old unhappy traitor, and you will remember it.
You praise the worst.
You are the protector of this damned strumpet, talk to me about “ifs”?
You rascal your beadle, hold your bloody hand.
You are a frightened man, you are a frightened man.
You said, “Oh, it comes o'er my memory, as do the raven o'er the infectious house, Boding to all—he had my handkerchief.
You say the king grows mad.
You say his sports were hampered by your brawls.
Thou says his meat was smothered with your upbraidings.
You are not going to be able to make a damnation of her own.
You are the world, Volumnius, how it goes.
You are the one who wants to fight.
We are not all alone unhappy.
You will present me as an eunuch to him.
You will be a loggerhead.
You will be lord of it and I will serve you.
You will be as thick as honeycomb, each pinching more stinging than the bees that made 'em.
You will be whipped with wire and stewed in brine, smarting in ling’ring pickle!
You will buy this dear if ever I see your face by daylight.
You will find that I will resume the shape I have cast off for ever.
You will get kings, though you are none.
You will go back, I will be glad you did!
You will have nothing but forfeiture to be taken at your own risk, Jew.
You will hold the opinion of Pythagoras ere I will allow of your wits, and fear to kill a woodcock so you can dispose of the soul of your grandam.
You will not return until I have brought this corse into the marketplace.
You will not be the worse for me: there is gold.
You will not choose but go.
You will not die.
You will not be able to get away from this grove until I will be able to get you to the hospital for this injury.
You will not have him.
You will not live, I will tell you that it is a pale-hearted fear, and sleep in spite of thunder.
You will not lose by it.
You will not stir one foot to seek a foe.
You will serve me.
You will, I will.
You should be honest.
You should know that Egypt had a heart.
You should have been old until you had been wise.
You should rather ask if it is possible any villainy should be so rich.
Thou sings sweet music.
You speak a good thing.
You are wiser than you are.
You speak with all your wit, and yet, i believe, with enough wit for you.
You are a dagger in me.
You have been the father of good news.
You are not me, you are Caesar.
You teach me.
You think it is too much that this shattered storm invades us to the skin.
You think I am in sport.
You told me they were stol'n to this wood.
You told me that you held him in your hate.
You torture me, Tubal.
You are not in the same vein.
You are the villain.
What is your villain?
You were never there for anything when you were not there for the goose.
You were a bloody man, who never dreamed of killing butchers.
You were the prettiest babe I had ever nursed.
You will fall backward when you age.
You will be arguing with a man for cracking nuts, having no other reason than because you have hazel eyes.
Do you want to write to Antony?
You worms' meat in respect of a good piece of flesh.
You would have made your story large.
You would make a fool.
You are the one who calls for company to countenance her.
You, my slave, were the servant of her servant.
You have a problem with a man who has a hair more or a hair less in his beard than you have.
You, wretched boy, will be here with him.
You have, great Glamis, what you must do if you have it, and what you fear to do, Than wishes should be wiped out.
You are a scholar.
You have the right.
If you fly toward the sea, you will meet the bear in your mouth.
You thank me but a little for my counsel.
You have spoken right.
Although all the world could see, none could be so abused in sight as he did.
Although all things bad would wear the brows of grace, grace must look so.
If you are a woman born, I will try the last.
As men in rage strike those who wish them best, Cassio, I believe, received from him some strange indignity which could not be passed.
I have a lot more reason, yet I have less spirit to curse Abides in me.
I would not be ambitious in my wish to wish myself much better, but for you I would be trebled twenty times myself— thousand times more fair, ten thousand times more rich—that only to stand high in your account I
He is as good a gentleman as the devil is, as Lucifer and Beelzebub himself.
He will be tossed in the midst of a storm.
I am mad, but I will not bite him.
Though I die for it, as it is threatened by me, the king my old master must be relieved.
I look old, but I am strong and lusty, because in my youth I never applied hot and rebellious liquors in my blood, nor did I not use unbashful foreheads to woo the means of weakness
I struck him first, but it is no matter what.
I wish you death, but I will not be the executioner.
Although it seems a little out of fashion, there is much care and valor in this Welshman.
It is never good to bring bad news.
It is a shame to see such a sight, but it becomes the ground.
It is hard to tell you how to endure her loud alarums, but why, man, there are good fellows in the world, an a man could light on them, take her with all faults, and money enough
If Nature has given us a wit to be a fool, why not?
If news is sad, tell them a little bit.
I have a dark night of life, my wasting lamps have some fading glimmer left, my dull deaf ears are a little used to hear.
If others have the arm, show us the sleeve
Though our lives are still alive, your spirits shine through you.
Although the queen is here for a special cause, her army is moved on.
Although the nature of our dispute has never brooked, it is now a good thing to know about us and us both, that we will have access to our fair mistress and be happy rivals in Bianca’s
Though the wisdom of nature can reason it so and so, yet nature is scourged by the squeaky effects.
I have ventured to come to you and bring you where fire and food are ready.
Although this island seems to be deserted—
It was a thing to have her and her death.
Although we have spent our harvest of this king, we will reap the harvest of his son.
You have put me in darkness and given your drunken cousin rule over me, but have I benefit from my senses and your Ladyship?
Three and three, we will hold a feast in great solemnity.
Three people in Egypt cannot make better note.
Three kings I had recently feasted, and I wanted to do what I was doing.
Three months from twelve.
Three of the carriages, in faith, are very dear to fancy, very responsive to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and of very liberal conceit.
Three or four wenches where I stood cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three men of excellent growth and presence.
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio bound.
Three thousand ducats, well.
Three times today my foot-cloth horse did stumble, and started when he looked upon the Tower, as loath to bear me to the slaughterhouse.
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
I have seen threescore and ten times, and I have seen hours of horror and things strange, but this sore night Hath has ruined former knowings.
Then Calphurnia cried out, “Help, ho!
He walked by their oppressed and fear-surprising eyes, while they distilled almost to jelly with the act of fear, stand dumb and speak not to him.
If you are a noble lord, let me beg you to be a god for a night or two, or, if not, until the sun is set.
The brinded cat has mewed.
I saw him down in this hour, he climbed again and fought.
That is a shameless ambition that will be a shameful thing for you.
By the house, give a light to the dead and a drowsy fire.
Through the sharp hawthorn blows the cold wind.
Throw my heart against the flint and hardness of my fault, which, being dried with grief, will break to powder and finish all the foul thoughts.
Throw physic to the dogs
Throw some of them at me.
Throw this slave on the dunghill.
Thursday is near.
I will answer you in the name of Benedick, but hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio.
So bad starts and worse remains behind.
I will die so, so.
All the traitors are the same.
I will never make my fool my purse.
So, sir, they take the flow of the Nile by certain scales.
He forces wicked men to turn their swords into their own sands.
He is a noble man, a man of praise and a man of a strong spirit.
Our bending author has walked the story, in a room surrounded by men who are mighty, and he begins the whole journey of glory.
My lips are purged by my sin.
I am sunburnt.
He lost sixpence a day during his life.
So the candle has singed the moth.
So the course of justice has whirled about and you have left a very prey to time, having no more than thought of what you were doing to torture you the more, being what you are doing.
I have begun my reign politically, and it is my hope to end.
I have, Wall, my part discharging it.
Have you heard me smothered me from my blissful bliss?
By your advice, King Richard is seated.
I am so impressed by him.
I do not feel the sorrow of Antony’s death.
I let you go and give you to the gods.
I will do it again: Time himself is bald and will have bald followers until the end of the world.
I will visit her.
It must be.
It is still, and the rest is so.
The winners are part of the lottery.
So, we can gather honey from the weed and make a moral of the devil himself.
I must go from the smoke to the smother, from tyrant duke to a tyrant brother.
The ornament is only the guilèd shore to a dangerous sea, the beauteous scarf that is a beautiful Indian beauty.
So Rosalind of many parts was created by heavenly synod, of many faces, eyes, and hearts to have the touches dearest prized.
I say that my king says: “Say thou to Harry of England, though we seemed dead, we did not sleep.
My king says that if your father’s Highness does not, in accordance with all demands at large, do not savour the bitter mock you sent his Majesty, he will call you to tell you that
The bowl should be a good one, and not unluckily against the bias.
So, in short, the valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
I was able to sleep, by a brother’s hand of life, of crown, of queen, even in the blossoms of my sin.
So we are agreeing.
He says, “We may see how the world wags.
When I shun Scylla your father, I fall into Charybdis your mother.
I die with a kiss.
With imagined wings, our swift scene is in motion of no less celerity than thought.
Your adversary’s wife prays for you.
You are gone.
Your bed, lust-stained, will be seen with lust’s blood.
Thy Brutus biete mir, es dir zu geben, und I will bid.
What is your business?
Your case, dear friend, will be my precedent.
My Clarence, he is dead, and the beholders of this frantic play, are the adulterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, smothered in their dusky grave
Your conceit is nearer death than your powers.
You sat in your unhallowed dam, and you sat in your heart. Your desires are wolvish, bloody, hungry and ravenous.
Your dmon, that you keep in your spirit, is noble, courageous, high, unmatched.
Your death and fortunes will make your followers fly.
Your drugs are quick.
I resign and do not forgive me for my wrongs.
He is dead, that killed my Edward, Thy other Edward dead, to quit my Edward. Young York, he is only boot, because both of them did not achieve my perfection.
You are evil, Brutus.
Thy eyes are almost set in your head.
Thy face is mine, and you have slandered it.
You are a false uncle, do you attend me?
Thy Fates open their hands.
Your father has his life.
You are your father!
You are not seen with our blood, nor are you in the compass of my curse.
What is your gown?
You will have it.
You have not forgotten your kingdom, where I am.
Your head is as full of conflict as an egg is full of meat, and yet your head has been beaten as a snafu as an egg for quarrels.
You are dead in your bosom, and Paris too.
Your husband knew everything.
You are your husband.
You are alive, for whom dear sake you were, but lately dead.
You are a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a
Your life has had some smatch of honor in it.
It is a miracle.
You will love you till your sweet life ends!
You love it.
My lover, Artemidorus, will be there till Caesar passes along, and as a suitor I will give him this.
Your loving father, Hamlet.
Thy luster thickens when he shines.
You are here, and your master and his man are here, and that is false.
Your master is a wise and valiant Roman.
What are your marks?
Your mother was a piece of virtue and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name is ominous to children.
You are poisoned.
You are Gloucester.
You have reason, dear venom, give your reason.
You have a reason, man?
You are still in your shape.
You are your sister.
You have slandered her through and through her heart, and she lies buried with her ancestors, Oh, in a tomb where never scandal slept Save this of hers, framed by your villainy
You smile.
Your spirit walks abroad and turns our swords in our own proper entrails.
You are the tallest spirits.
Your substance, valued at the highest rate, can not be a hundred marks
I have a few thoughts to share.
You have no more strength than her weak prayers.
You will be a dower.
You are a thundery voice, but you look humble.
Your wild acts denote the unreasonable fury of a beast.
Your wit is a bittersweetsweet.
Your woes will make them sharp and pierce like mine.
You are a queen, for me that was a queen, and you are a queen.
You are coming to see you perform the dreaded act that you wanted to stop.
You do not have to bring them in.
You will see the act.
I come without delay.
Tie up my love’s tongue.
Tie up the libertine in a field of feasts, keep his brain fuming.
Tigers, not daughters, what have you performed?
Till Birnam Wood is removed to Dunsinane I cannot taint with fear.
If he returns home, I will be able to do so.
I will see you in your soldiers’ dress, which will make you both, farewell.
I will be there for the night, my lord, and to the night.
Till noon?
I will look at the manners of the town, see the traders, look at the buildings, and then return and sleep in my inn, because with long travel I am stiff and weary.
I am still, my soul.
So far, enough.
You will lead the way to the next level.
My noble friend, Brutus, had rather been a villager than to repute himself as a son of Rome under these hard conditions as this time I would like to lay upon us.
Think about the world.
Till you can get the seal off my bond, you can only offend your lungs to speak so loudly.
I am going to meet you.
Time calls upon it.
Time has not dried this blood of mine yet so long nor eat up my invention nor fortune made such havoc of my means nor my bad life made me so much friends.
Time is coming, and where I started, I will end.
Time will unfold what plightly shattered shattered hides, who covers faults last year with shame derides.
Time travels in diverse ways with diverse people.
Time, you anticipate my dreadful exploits.
It is a shameful spirit that mutinies in a man’s bosom.
It is a brave army, full of purpose.
Tis a day, such as when the sun is hid.
It is a fair young man, and well attended.
I will not change your fault for your best virtue.
It is a fearful odds.
Give it a go.
It is a good hand, a frank one.
It is a good thing to hear when children are toward them.
I will change it.
It is a hooded valor, and when it appears, it will be a hooded valor.
It is a lost fear.
Is a match.
It is a naughty night to swim in.
Tie a pageant, to keep us in a false gaze.
It is a point of wisdom.
It is a shrewd doubt, though it is a dream.
Tis a strange serpent.
It is a subject for a sovereign to reason on, and for a sovereign to ride on, and for the world, familiar to us and unknown, to lay apart their particular functions and wonder at him.
It is a very good work, madam lady.
It is a vile thing to die when men are unprepared and do not look for it.
It is a wild night.
If you leave, she will be tamed.
If you are alone, you can make a meacock wretch the shrewd. Give me your hand, Kate.
Tis a worthy governor.
Tis age that nourishes.
Is all one.
It is almost fairy time.
Tis fast morning.
If you are as arrant as a piece of knavery, mark you now, as can be offered, in your conscience now, is it?
Tis Banquo’s then.
Tis sat down with us, being alone, so she will still be a bit ill-tempered.
It is best to give him a good chance.
It is better than it is.
He will see our commission and talk no more.
I am sick at heart.
Tis bootless to exclaim.
Tis brief, my lord.
I can bring you a little, but I am here.
He is gone.
What do I do for words?
It was nine, and after one hour more it will be eleven.
You can only cast one off, and so come, death.
You are my enemy.
Tis called the evil.
He is certain he has passed the river Somme.
If you do, the Prince woos for himself.
It is certain that Cyprus is going to be the same.
It is certain there is not a boy left alive, and the frightened rascals who ran from the battle ha' have done this slaughter.
Every man who dies ill, the ill upon his own head.
Is certain.
Tis Cinna.
Tis clean out of the way.
I am a woman.
It is dangerous to be spoken.
It is dangerous when the baser nature comes between the pass and falls incensèd points of mighty opposites.
It is a death for anyone in Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it and want all good men’s love.
It is impossible to control destiny like death.
Tis done already, and the messenger gone.
You have poured your curse against yourself.
I have done it.
Tis double wrong to truant with your bed and let her read it in your looks at your board.
Let’s go, let’s go, because it ends up hurting our other members.
Is that even so?
He is always a prologue to his sleep.
Tis are exactly valued, not petty things admitted.
Tis expressly against the law of arms.
Tis false.
I am far off the hook, and rather like a dream than an assurance that my memory is worthy of recognition.
Tis figured in my tongue.
We understand them.
Tis fittest.
Tis for the dead, not for the quick.
Tis from your sister.
Tis gone.
Good to do so.
Good.
It is hard
Tis hatched, and will be so.
He who sends us to destroy you here.
He is that villain Romeo.
He.
He.
If you are a heavy night, these may be counterfeits.
Tises her command.
Tis here.
Tis here.
Tie his fashion.
He blames himself.
It is hot, it smokes.
I will keep my keys locked in my memory.
Tell us that we are so or so.
Is just.
Tis known before.
Tis late.
Tis like a cannon.
I like the wayling of Irish wolves against the moon.
Tis is a marvel, but you are just coming, you might have heard it and heard it.
I should be used so, very well.
Tis midnight.
Tis the best in the best.
I will have mine.
It is monstrous.
Is more, is more.
The best thing to do is to make sure you are in good hands.
He asks me to sit down with your Majesties to hear and see the matter.
He has a wisdom that guides his valor to act in safety.
Let me and her alone.
I am going to take my picture.
Is neither here nor there?
Is new to you.
Tis nine o'clock.
I tell you, no less, because the slammed hand of the dial is now on the prick of noon.
It is loud enough.
No matter what.
Go to the fellow, good Alexas.
No matter what.
It is time to play now.
Tis noble Kent, your friend.
Tis noble spoken.
It is not time for a private stomaching.
Tis are not able to obey him.
It is not for gravity to play at cherry-pit with Satan.
It is not in the bond.
Tis are not needed yet.
It is not so now.
It is not as sweet now as it was before.
It is not the first time you were overshot.
It is not the king who sends you to the Tower.
I am not going to make jealous of my wife, saying she is fair, is good, loves company, is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances.
I am not sure she speaks.
It is not yet near day.
Now, just four o'clock.
Tis now near night.
Tis struck twelve.
Now is the witching time of night, when churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world.
Iago is one Iago, ancient to the general.
It is paltry to be Caesar.
I am partly responsible for death or absence.
It is good.
I have been there for a while.
Iago is a bit ill-tempered, but yet Iago knows that she has committed a thousand times the act of shame.
He is a terrible man.
It is a shame that you are going to walk where any honest men are.
I obey him, but not now.
It is safer to be that that we destroy than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy.
Tis said they eat each other.
Tis said, man, and farewell.
She must do it, and lo, the happiness!
Tis has been sane since the earthquake, now eleven years ago, and she was weaned all the days of the year, upon that day.
It is so strange that, even though the truth is as gross as black and white, my eyes will not see it.
He lives.
He has a self chain about his neck, which he has forsaken most monstrously.
I mean, I am right.
I mean, I am right.
If you have a mischance, the cry is very dire.
Nothing, nothing, 'Twas mine, he is his, and has been slave to thousands.
Tis is good.
Tis sport to maul a runner.
It is strange that they should leave home so that they do not send my messenger back.
Is strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of.
It is strange, strange.
It is strange.
It is strange.
I think it is another fitchew.
It is so idle that Cleopatra is so close to the heart.
Ties the curse of service.
He is infirm.
I will be the last service that I will command you.
It is the plague of the time when madmen lead the blind.
They have put him on the death of the old man, to have his expense and spoil his revenues.
Tis thought Richmond was their admiral
We will fight in a second fight.
Tis thus: Who tells me true, though in his tale he lies dead, I hear him as he flattered.
I will be able to tell you more.
I was gone.
It is time to look around.
It is time to take part.
We were in a position to show ourselves how we were doing.
I have no doubts.
Too bad, too bad.
It is too late to go to bed now.
You are too narrow for your mind.
It is torture and not mercy.
It is true, so your daughter says.
It is the most worthy signior.
Is true, my brother’s daughter’s Queen of Tunis, and she is heir of Naples, twixt which regions there is some space.
I have a ring of her.
Is true, my lords, he did.
It is true, this god did shake!
It is true.
It is true.
It is true.
It is true.
I have been a bit ill for twenty years.
Two or three, my lord, are the two of them that bring you the word Macduff is fled to England.
It is very good.
It is very grievous to think about.
It looks like it.
I love it.
It is very strange.
It is true.
It is true.
I think it is vile, unless it is quaintly ordered.
It is a good thing, lads.
Tis apologied.
You should be freed from Egypt, if you are unintentionally free.
I am found by you.
You are not fish.
You can do it behind her back.
You have hunted for yourself, sir.
Good.
Tis with care.
Tis with him in standing water, between boy and man.
Tis wonders that your life and your wits had not been concluded all the time.
It is wonderful.
What is worse than murder?
You are yours, and we, your scutcheons and your signs of conquest, will hang in what place you want.
If you love me, you can mount your horse and hide your spurs in him until he has brought you up to yonder troops.
Titinius' face is upward.
To tee, luxury, pell-mell, because I have soldiers.
To a nunnery, go.
To the end of a rope, sir, I am back.
To Adriana, villain, hie you straight.
To Adriana.
To anger him, we will have the bear again, and we will fool him black and blue.
To answer by the method, in the first heart.
To answer that, I will confess to you.
To bait fish withal.
To Baptista Minola.
To be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune, but to write and read comes by nature.
To be acknowledged, madam, is o'erpaid.
To be Count Malvolio!
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be a sensible man, by and by a fool, and presently a beast!
Is a doubt to be forgotten once?
To be your fellow You may refuse me, but I will be your servant Whether you will or not.
To bed, to bed.
To sleep?
To both their deaths, you will be a companion.
To Brutus, to Cassius, burn everything.
To business that we love, we rise to the point of being a good man and go to the point of being a good man.
To sleep, silence!
I will render my legions and my horse to Caesar.
To cry “Amen” to that, we appear.
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt here.
To die, to sleep, and to say we have been suffering from heartache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to is a consummation to wish.
To die, to sleep.
To do this is within the compass of the man’s wit, and I will try to do it.
To do this, I learned about you.
What is that?
To Dover.
When we are hungry, they will be able to feed us.
I will steal from England, and there I will steal.
To express the kindness I have received to you more than any other person, I will give you this young scholar.
To feed my humor, do not do anything to yours.
To feed was best at home
To fetch her fan, her gloves, her mask, or nothing?
To fetch my poor husband.
To find out you.
Would you like Caesar to be a man who ties his points together?
To fly the boar before the boar pursues, we would have to incense the boar to follow us and make pursuit where he did not mean no chase.
Is your lady in?
To frighten you, you think I am too savage
To get his place and to plume my will in double knavery.
I am so sorry to hear you speak my dialect.
To have a foolish wife.
To have a thousand with red burning spits come to you!
To have no man come over me!
She is not here, nor does she hear it.
My lord, was I betrothed ere I saw Hermia.
To her, widow!
Bring me to him in your own voice and tell me how you findest him.
I will.
To him, Sir Topas.
I will send my wife, with what you will need, to send me the same message.
He loves his father so tenderly and entirely.
To horse, you are a king, straight to horse.
I am to Ireland.
To leave his wife, to leave his babes, his mansion and his titles in a place from when he does fly?
I would give them arms and help when I needed them, something that you both denied.
To make an account of her life to a clod of a slew of sleeves?
To make society more welcome, we will keep ourselves alone until dinnertime.
To make you answer to your name.
It is a prison.
To me, sir?
To move is to stir, and to be valiant is to stand.
I will not give place or notice.
No other than you, no more than when you are.
To one of your recipients, you will be shown enough.
To our house.
To our shores, beat many doubtful hollow-hearted friends, unarmed and unresolved to beat them back.
To be clear, honor your bounds when majesty falls to a slander.
To prayers, to prayers, all lost!
To prison, eyes, and eyes, ne'er look at liberty.
To punish me for what you make me do is much inextricable.
To save her life, I will say she is not.
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, who put unluckily in this bay against the laws and statutes of this town, beheaded publicly for his offense.
To see no pastime I.
To find my uncle in the forest of Arden.
To serve me well, you should all do my duty: Teach me to be your queen, and you are my subjects.
To show an unfelt sorrow is a job which the false man does easy.
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.
To supper?
To take a break again, Monster ingratitude!
To take the widow Exasperates, makes her sister goneril mad, and I will not carry out my side, Her husband being alive.
To tell you, you will see me at Philippi.
To tell you true, I counterfeit him.
Tell you where he is, tell you where I am.
To your church, take the priest, clerk, and some honest witnesses.
To your monument!
To that end, as he was matched to his youth and vanity, I presented him with the Paris balls.
To the breach, to the breach!
To death, my lord.
To the Elephant.
To the gates of Tartar, you are the best devil of wit!
To the health of our general.
To the jail with him!
What about the mines?
To the seaside straightway!
To the tune and words of the same name.
To the tuition of God.
To the vales, and hold our best advantage.
To you, the services of a woman are due.
To you, I will be a pleasure to watch my soul, and let me fall the windows of my eyes.
You have no obligation, no grace.
To these injunctions, every one swears that is a danger for my worthless self.
To thine and Albany’s issue, be this perpetual. What is our second daughter, Our dearest Regan, wife of Cornwall?
To this chair, bind him.
Add defiance to this and tell him, for conclusion, he has betrayed his followers, who are condemned by him.
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
To go away, as her mother does.
To what base uses we may return, Horatio.
What is the effect?
To what end did I bid you hie you home?
To what end, my lord?
What is the end?
We all want to hear from you.
Who, my lord?
Who is there?
To whom do you speak this?
To whom speaks your Grace in all this presence?
To whom, my lord?
To whom you have sent the king.
To wreak the love I bore my cousin upon his body that slaughtered him.
I am bound for life and education.
To, to, to, to murder me?
Today the lords you talked about are beheaded.
Tom will throw his head at them.
Tom, away!
Tom is a cold.
Tom is a slum.
Tomorrow dinner?
Tomorrow I will hunt again.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow morning, come you to my house, and since you are not my son-in-law, be my nephew.
Tomorrow night, look like you are alone.
Tomorrow night, when Phoebe will behold her silver face in the watery glass, sanding with liquid pearl the bladed grass (a time that lovers' flights doth still conceal), we have devised to
Tomorrow or next day they will be here.
Tomorrow we will return to England.
Tomorrow you will know our mind fully.
Tomorrow I will expect your coming.
Tomorrow we will hear ourselves again.
Tomorrow will I send.
Tomorrow will it be a good day to be crowned?
Tomorrow we will be married.
Tomorrow with your earliest words, let me speak with you. Come, dear love, The purchase made, the fruits will ensue.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, we will be able to scream in this petty pace from day to day to the last syllable of recorded time.
Tomorrow, as he wants.
Tomorrow, before the sun will see a sun, we will spill the blood that has escaped.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I will be able to tell you just what I can do to front this time.
If you ask me to speak with me, I will come home tomorrow.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I will fight for my credit, and he will acquit him well.
Tomorrow, soldier, I will fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow, I will judge a happy day.
No one can speak or speak to you.
Tongue, not a word.
Tonight I take my leave.
Tonight I will mourn with Hero.
Tonight in Harfleur, we will be your guest. Tomorrow for the march we will be addressed.
Tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness.
Too familiar is my dear son with such a sour company.
Too late, good Diomed.
Too long for what you find there.
Too old by heaven.
Too old to be engaged to young people.
Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.
Too bad what women love to men may be.
Too well, too well.
Tooth that poisons when it bites, Mastiff, greyhound, mongrel grim
Touch her soft mouth and march.
I am not so close to you.
Have you ever been to Edward’s children?
We must be able to protect our kingdom from the ruin you have sought, and we will do so.
I am a ghost, and let you tell me.
They are now in the midst of a rift.
What is Chertsey, noble lord?
I made a mistake, but he was 'ware of me' and stole into the woods.
Trail the pike?
Tranio hits you now.
Tranio, I saw her coral lips move and with her breath she perfumed the air.
Tranio, let’s go.
Tranio, you are a sailor.
Transform me, then, and to your power I will give up.
Travelers ne'er did lie, although fools at home condemn 'em.
Go, give your money.
Treachery!
Treason and murder ever kept together as two yoke-devils sworn to either of them’s purpose, working so grossly in a natural cause that admiration did not slap at them.
Treason has done his worst
Treason!
Trebonius knows his time.
She stood on the sudden drop.
It is a great idea to think about what a beard of the general’s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will do among foaming bottles and ale-washed wits.
If you bother him more in his tale, I will supplant some of your teeth.
Keep a good tongue in your head.
Trinculo, run away from danger.
Trip, Audrey, trip, Audrey.
Triple-turned whore!
Troth, I think your other rebato was better.
Troth, my lord, has played the role of Lady Fame.
No, no, no more than reason.
Troth, sir, I can give you none without words, and words are grown so false, I am loath to prove reason with them.
Trouble him no longer until he is settled.
Do not bother us.
Do not worry yourself more.
Isn’t that going?
True hope is swift and flies with swallow’s wings.
True is it that we have seen better days and have been knolled to church with a holy bell, and sat at good men’s feasts and wiped our eyes of drops that sacred pity has 
True or false, it has made you Earl of Gloucester.
True, madam.
True, madam.
Oh my good boy.
Yes, my lord.
True, noble prince.
True, sir.
“No,” said I, “a great wit.” “Right,” says she, “a great gross one.” “Just,” said I, “a good wit.” “Just,” said she, “it hurts nobody.”
True!
True.
I fear you are damned both by father and mother.
It is a snazzy snazzy.
I am a obedient lady.
I am so ambitious that it is just a shadow’s shadow.
I have him, but I would not be the party that wants you to touch him, because he is immortal.
I think they are.
I would have made you poetic.
He holds Beelzebub at the end of the staves, as well as a man in his case.
My name is Cinna.
She makes a very good report on your worm.
She must be given a gift, or the marriage is not lawful.
Shepherd, in respect of itself, it is a good life
I live with the awl.
I am a cobbler, as you would say.
I mean, the better for my foes and the worse for my friends.
I would have to wear their shoes to get me into more work.
You are like an honorable father.
The more he will blame him.
The tree produces bad fruit.
Young gentlemen, though there was no big matter in the ditty, the note was very untold.
Trust me, I am glad I did.
Trust me, I could do much, Prithee, no more.
Trust me, I fear it will.
Trust me, I take him for the better dog.
Trust not to rotten planks.
Trust not Trebonius.
Trust to tee, bethink you.
Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, will furnish me.
I will come to know you again, King Harry, if you are torn for your ransom, before you will be able to overthrow.
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen.
Turn from me on that noble countenance wherein the worship of the whole world lies.
Turn melancholy to funerals.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues, and my horse is argument for them all.
Turn you back, and tell your king I do not seek him now, but I could be willing to march on to Calais without impeachment, for to say the sooth, although it is no wisdom to confess
Turn your complexion there, Patience, you are young and rose-lipped cherubin, and look grim as hell.
Turn on your right hand at the next turn, but at the next turn of all on your left.
Turn, hellhound, turn!
Turning your accomplishment of many years into an hour-glass
Fear not, man.
Tush, Gremio.
I can say the fool is the fool.
I will stir up, and all things will be good, I warrant you, wife.
Tush, you are deceived.
Tush, tush, man, never flee and jest at me.
Tut, a toy!
Oh, fear not me.
Tut, I am in their bosoms, and I know where they do it.
Tut, I have lost myself.
Tut, I have the best armor of the world.
I do not like it.
Tut, she is a lamb, a dove, a fool to him.
You are a man.
Tut, tut, my lord, we will not stand to prate.
Tut, tut, you are all ice
He never liked it.
It was a fault unwillingly.
It was a rough night.
It was a shame no less than his loss, to course your flying flags and leave his navy gazing.
It was a sweet marriage, and we prospered well in return.
I was able to get a tooth for two years.
He told him against him, and quit the house on purpose that their punishment might have the better course.
I promise to strike, and you have given me the bitterest terms.
I was the one who killed her.
I was, but not I. I do not shame to tell you what I was, since my conversion was so sweet, being the thing I am.
It was never a merry world, since low feigning was called compliment.
I was not going to need to trow, to give me a trudge.
He was on a summer evening in his tent, and that day he overcame the Nervii.
You will beat the post.
It was flesh that shook those pelican daughters.
I was told you were rough and coy and sullen, and now I find report a very liar.
You wooed the gentlewoman so well.
He was still a little surprised when he could be a tyrant and frustrate his proud will.
We laughed at you.
Isn’t it a sour nose?
Twelve years since Miranda, twelve years since Miranda was the Duke of Milan and A prince of power.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
Twere as good as drinking when a man is a-hungry, to challenge him to the field and then to break promise with him and make a fool of him.
He is best he can speak no harm to Brutus here.
If you think so, you should be damned.
You do so much for charity.
Who is a queen, fair, sober, wise, would hide from a paddock, from a bat, a gib?
It was too curious to think about it.
He turned his back and said so twice, but kindness, nobler ever than revenge, and nature, stronger than his just occasion, made him fight the lioness, who quickly fell before him
I left him tranced.
Twill is a good way to get to the wrestling world.
It will be a storm.
Twill be heavier by the weight of a man.
Twill be ill taken.
It will be a naughty thing.
It is a precedent, and many a mistake by the same example will rush into the state.
Twill will bring you gain or perish on the seas.
Twill will endure wind and weather.
He is not seen in him.
Two deep enemies, Foes to my rest, and my sweet sleep disturbers, are they that I would have dealt with.
Two hundred ducats.
Two nights together, these gentlemen, Marcellus and Barnardo, were on their watch, in the dead waste and middle of the night, beheaded by a figure like your father, armed at point exactly, cap-à
Two o'clock is your hour?
Two of these two types of words make up four.
Two of my brother’s men were bound!
Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, having some business, do not scream at her to twinkle in their spheres until they return.
Two of them have the very bent of honor, and if they are fooled into believing in it, the practice of it lives in John the Bastard, who is a villain.
Two or three groan.
Two such opposing kings still camp them in man as well as herbs—race and rude will.
Two things are to be done: My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress.
Two things were more important: that for this favor he is now a Christian
Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
Two, two—a shirt and a smock.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo banishèd.
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banishèd.
Tybalt would kill you, but you are happy.
Tybalt, my cousin!
Tybalt, that murderer, who ran him?
Tybalt, the kinsman to old Capulet, sent a letter to his father’s house.
Tybalt, the reason I love you is to excuse the rage to such a greeting.
Tybalt’s death was enough, if it had ended there.
Tyranny is dead!
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported.
Tyrrel, I mean those snagged snagged in the Tower.
Unaccommodated man is no more than a poor, bare, forked animal as you are.
Unarm, Eros.
Unbutton here.
You have dealt with me in a way that is shameful.
Uncle, I must come forth.
Uncle, this is a Montague, our foe, a villain who is hitherto, and who is a villain.
Uncle, your Grace knows how to bear with him.
Uncle!
If you are in a hurry, why are you now to murder, murder our solemnity?
Uncouple in the western valley.
Let women die under a compelling occasion.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
Under love’s heavy burden, I sink.
Under Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under the earth.
Under this conjuration, speak, my lord, because we will hear, note and believe in heart that what you speak is in your conscience sprayed as pure as sin with baptism.
Under what captain do you serve?
Under what title will I woo for you, that God, the law, my honor and her love can make her tender years seem pleasing to her?
You can do it.
I will sell my dukedom to buy a slobb'ry and a dirty farm in that nook-shotten isle of Albion.
You are a bad fortune!
I am so happy that I cannot eat my heart in my mouth.
Unkindness may do much, and his unkindness may defeat my life, but never taint my love.
You can't get that threat from your unkind brow and not look at them.
If he does not have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he has, he is not fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he is.
If I have not mista'en his colors much, which I am sure I will not have done, his regiment lies just a half mile south from the mighty power of the king.
If the master was the man, he would not be the man.
If you could not teach me to forget a banished father, you must not learn how to remember any extraordinary pleasure.
I am not as kind as you are.
I am so sorry for this.
I will not be able to explain the falseness of the truth until I know it.
It is too late to get hurt.
Untimely storms make men expect a dearth.
To bad causes swear creatures as men doubt.
To the height of fortune, the imperial type of glory this earth has.
I was not willing to accept that.
Up and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down.
He sat in the air, crowned with the golden sun, savoring his heroical seed and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature and deface the patterns that had been made by God and
So.
Up to some scaffold, there to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
Up with my tent!
Up, my lords.
You are dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, and Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy
Up, up, and see the great doom’s image!
Up.
You are more sane, Audrey.
If Publius is not living, who is your sister’s son, Mark Antony.
When she arrived, Antony sent her to her and invited her to supper.
He is ashamed to sit on his brow, because it is a throne where honor can be crowned.
He does not know how dreadful an army has encircled him, nor does he dedicate one jot of color to the weary and all-watched night.
My brother, my brother, and this grievèd count did see her, hear her, at that hour last night talk with a ruffian at her window.
I heard a humming, and that was a strange one that awakened me.
I was honored to have each actor on his ass.
I am a villain, and I am a villain.
I will do it, my lord.
I find myself a man who is a savage man.
If I have the power to dismiss this court, I will not be able to hear from Bellario, a trained doctor who has sent me to determine this.
I am a lie, a wicked lie.
I am a sword.
My gracious lord.
My Cordelia, upon such sacrifices, the gods themselves throw in incense.
I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
A moon corner is a huge drop.
What was that thing that parted from you?
The King is king!
On the platform, twixt eleven and twelve, I will visit you.
I am right on the right hand.
The stroke of four.
The stroke of four.
At the age of ten.
What is the story of the poisoning?
You are here!
I said that upon this hint.
What bargain do you give me?
What is the cause?
What is the sickness?
After your sword, you will win and you will be able to win.
Urchins will be able to work at night, and all will be able to do so.
If I do not want to do more, I will forget myself.
I do not want to be ashamed or charity.
Urge the necessity and state of times, and be not peeved in great designs.
Use Desdemona well.
Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it.
Use lenity, sweet chuck.
Use me but as your spaniel—spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me.
Use me well.
Use them after your own honor and dignity.
Use your authority.
What are my thoughts?
You can’t get a gossip’s bowl, because here we are not.
I will give you the triumph of Caesar.
Varrus and Claudio!
Vengeance, plague, death, confusion!
Vent my fright!
Vent my fright?
Verona, for a while, I take my leave to see my friends in Padua, but of all my best belovèd and approvèd friend, Hortensio.
Verona’s summer has not been a flower.
Very brief, and to exceeding good sense.
Very easy to use.
Very bad.
Very happy.
If they are out, they will spit
Very good, my lord.
Very good!
Very good.
Very sick.
Very like a whale.
Very many, men and women too.
I am very sweet and contagious.
He is very vile in the morning, when he is sober, and most vilely in the afternoon, when he is drunk.
Very well mended.
I have taken a good look at my faith, wisely.
Good, madam.
Good luck, my lord.
Good luck, my lord.
“Go to.”
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Vex is not his ghost.
Vex is not his prescience.
Victory sits on our helms.
Vile earth, to earth resign.
I am none.
Villain, I say, knock me at this gate and rap me well, or I will knock your knave’s pate.
Villain, not for your life.
Villain, you denied the gold’s receipt and told me of a mistress and a dinner, for which, I hope, you felt displeased.
Villain, you know neither the law of God nor man.
You are a man, you are a man, for even her words did you deliver to me on the mart.
You are a vile man!
You did not, when your vile daggers shook the sides of Caesar.
Virtue is beauty, but the evil evil is empty trunks o'erflourished by the devil.
Virtue is no hornmaker, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied, and vice sometime by action dignified.
Virtue that transgresses is only patched with sin, and sin that amends is only patched with virtue.
Virtue?
I pray to those who have not read the story that I can prompt them to write it.
Wear this ring.
I am not going to curse your self by circumstance.
I am a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Wake her up.
Wake when some vile thing is near.
Warm, o' my troth.
Warrant you, my man is as true as steel.
Was not the way?
Wasn’t it to this end that you began to twist a story so fine?
Was he saved you?
Was you so oft threatening to kill him?
Was ever a book with such vile matter so bound?
Was ever man so 'rayed'?
Was ever man so beaten?
Was ever man so weary?
Was ever a match clapped up so suddenly?
Was ever woman in this humor won?
Was ever woman in this humor wooed?
Was he not born of woman?
Was he not a companion to the riotous knights that tend upon my father?
Was he not here?
Was I with you there for the goose?
Was it not yesterday we spoke together?
Was it so late, friend, you went to bed, that you lie so late?
Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue should become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
Was never mother so dear a loss?
Was never widow so dear a loss?
Wasn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, here to speak with me?
Wasn’t John here at supper?
Wasn’t Cassio apart from my wife?
Was that letter from fair Jessica?
Was not this love really?
Was that done like Cassius?
Was that mine?
Was that my father who went so fast?
Was the crown offered him three times?
Was the hope drunk Wherein you dressed yourself?
Was this ambition?
Was this before the king returned?
Was this fair paper, this most goodly book, made to write “whore”?
Wash them his wounds with tears?
Wash your hands.
Wasn't I born here?
Wasn’t you ever in court, shepherd?
Wasn’t you mad, that you have so madly answered me?
Wasn’t you not charged at risk—fore to Dover?—Let him answer that first.
Watch me like Argus.
Watch you tonight for the command, I will not lay on you.
We all expect a gentle answer, Jew.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar, and in the spirit of men there is no blood.
We are all arrant knaves.
We are blessed with the change.
We are the only one who is riddled of Rome.
We are bound to the same.
We are enough to smother the English in our throngs, if any order is thought upon.
We are for you.
We are friends.
We are glad the Dauphin is so pleasant with us.
We are haunted.
We are in God’s hand, brother, and not in theirs.
We are men, my liege.
We are no tyrant, but a Christian king, to whom our passion is as subjected as our wretches are engulfed in our prisons.
We are resolved, my lord.
We are sent to give you a thank you from our royal master, only to show you his sight, and not pay you.
We are spoiled and yondering.
We are so much like dreams, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
We are the makers of manners, Kate, and the liberty that follows our places stops the mouth of all find-out faults, as I will do your best to keep your country nice in giving me a kiss.
We are the queen’s abjects and must obey. Brother, farewell.
We are their parents and are original.
We are three of them.
We are two lions littered in one day, and I am the elder and more terrible.
We are gone, lady, we are gone.
We are sorry for it.
We are yet to be young in doing so.
We are, my lord, and come to have the warrant that we be admitted where he is.
We are strangers here, how do you trust a charge so big from your own custody?
We both have fed, and we can both Endure the cold winter as well as he.
We came to cry.
We came to fight with you.
We cannot be masters, nor can all masters be followed.
We cannot be here and there too.
We cannot call her winds and waters sighs and tears.
We cannot fight for love as men may.
We charge you, in the Prince’s name, a fee!
We do not have augurity.
We kept time in our catchments, sir.
We sat down and commented on the savage deer.
We do not come as minding as we do to contest you, we have the true intent.
We do not know.
We do not mean the snatchers, but we fear the Scot, who has been a giddy neighbor to us.
We do, my lord.
We do not doubt it.
We doubt that it is not the case now, but every rub is smoothed on our way.
We doubt not a fair and lucky war, since God has brought this dangerous treason to light.
We will first speak to you, who rivaled with this king Hath for our daughter.
We follow you.
We found him in the churchyard.
We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth.
We had a much more monstrous feast, which merited noting.
We have a foolish banquet towards us.
We have beat him to his camp.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare, which is the speedier we hope, the better for our words.
We have been up and down to seek him.
We have reason to be glad that matters are so well digested.
We have consented to all terms of reason.
We have done our job.
We have been too far.
Here we have recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery ever known in the commonwealth.
We have kissed Kingdoms and provinces.
We have lost the best half of our affair.
We have lost your son forever, I fear.
We have no friend but resolution, and the shortest end.
We have none of that, sir.
We have not made good preparations.
We have not spoken about torchbearers.
We have yet to set this day of triumph.
We have scorched the snake, not killed it.
We have seen the best of our time.
We have to do it, and they have earned the waste.
We have already sworn, my lord.
We have two hours to furnish.
We have used our throats in Egypt.
We have used to conquer standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot.
We have willing dames enough.
We have, sir.
We are here to assist you.
We hope to make the sender blush at it.
We judge no less.
We know each other’s faces
We know your charge, Brakenbury, and will obey.
We know what belongs to a watch.
We learn only the confident tyrant who keeps in Dunsinane and will endure our setting before we leave.
We look for you tomorrow.
We did not look for Mark Antony here.
We love him very much and will continue our graces towards him.
We may as bootless spend our vain command on your enragèd soldiers in their spoils as we send precepts to the Leviathan to come ashore.
We may have a good day.
We must be married, or we must live in a secluded place.
We must be patient, but I cannot choose to be patient, to think they should lay him a cold ground.
We must bear everything.
We must give and take, my loving lord.
We must die, Messala.
We must do something, and i' m a heat.
We must follow the leaders.
We must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head and show the world what the bird has done to her own nest.
We must be inclining towards the king.
He is now in awe of his remorse.
We do not.
We must obey the time.
We must go out and talk.
We must be hungry from the food of lovers until midnight.
We must watch.
We never valued this poor place of England and therefore, living in this country, we gave ourselves a bribe license, as it is common that men are the merriest when they are from home.
We are near his cell.
We will not be happy with them by land.
We pray you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt.
We say that Shore’s wife has a pretty foot, a cherry lip, a bonny eye, a passing pleasing tongue, and that the queen’s kindred are made gentlefolks.
We say the king is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen Well struck in years, fair, and not jealous.
We see how mortal an unkindness is to them.
We see it and will say it.
We see the beginning of the day, but I think we will never see the end of it.
We will be very unfurnished for this time.
We will be the more marketable.
If I stay longer, we will be fine.
We will find a time, Audrey.
We will find him a shrewd contriver.
We will think on it further.
We will have a rare letter from him: but you won’t deliver?
We will know by this fellow.
We will ne'er be younger.
We will obey, if she was ten times our mother.
I will.
We will do what you command us.
We will, my lord.
We would have had your good advice, which has been both grave and prosperous, in this day’s council, but we will take it tomorrow.
We would have met you on sea and land, supplying every stage with a augmented greeting.
We should profane the service of the dead to sing a requiem and give her a rest to her as to peace-parted souls.
We are not a treason, man.
We talk here in the public haunt of men.
We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites: If we do not obey them, this will happen: They will suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue.
We thank you for your honor.
We have a great cause of thankfulness and will forget the office of our hand sooner than the abandonment of desert and merit according to the weight and worthiness.
We think it is not so, my lord.
We are three, but you are two.
We took him for a cowardly look, but he is the very devil incardinate.
We took this mattock and he sat there as he came from this churchyard’s side.
We will sing like birds in my cage.
We will guard your person while you take your rest and watch your safety.
We wait upon your Grace.
We wait upon your Grace.
We waste our lights in vain, like lights by day.
We were Christians eno' before, e'en as many as could well live one by another.
We will be married on Sunday.
We will be happy!
We will be witnesses.
We will behold his death.
We will go together.
We will walk a little in the orchard, then to dinner.
We will greet you.
We will be eilen.
We will have more of this tomorrow.
We will not have any telling.
We will have a prologue, and it will be written in eight and six.
We will hear Caesar’s will.
We will then feast and sport us at your father’s house.
We will here.
We will meet, and there we will be able to hear most obscenely and courageously.
We will not fail.
We will provide you with.
He will be better off going to church if he does.
We will not proceed further in this business.
We will spare for no wit, I warrant you.
We will speak further.
We will do well.
We will, fair queen, climb up to the top of the mountain, and mark the confusion of hounds and echo in conjunction.
We will, my noble lord.
We will.
We wish you peace.
Before we hear him, we would be able to do some things of weight that we have to do with France.
We would have all of those offenders so cut off, and we give express charge that in our marchs through the country there is nothing compelled from the villages, nothing taken but paid for, none of the French upbraided
We would not die in that man’s company, who fears his fellowship will die with us.
We would do so, and then go a-batfowling.
We are at the height of this crisis.
We, Hermia, have created two flowers with our needles, two on one sampler, one on one cushion, and two on one song, both in one key.
We, ignorant of ourselves, are often able to deal with our own harms, which the wise powers refuse to do for our good, and find we can profit by losing our prayers.
We will meet them at Philippi.
We will answer.
We will be away tonight, and we will be a day before our husbands home.
We will be friends first.
We will beat ’em into bench-holes.
We will bring him to his house with shouts and clamors.
We will burn his body in the holy place, and with the brands fire the houses of the kings.
We will burn the house of Brutus.
We will bury him, and then, what is brave, what is noble, let’s do a little less after the Roman style and make death proud to take us.
We will cut the signior.
We will all be together.
We will feast each other ere we are, and let’s draw lots of people who will start.
We will give them a present audience.
We will go together, and if you have your youthful wages spent, we will light up some settled low content.
We will go to supper i' th morning.
Tomorrow night we will not be able to do anything.
We will have you to a couch softer and sweeter than the lustful bed On purpose trimmed up for Semiramis.
We will have you, as our rarer monsters are, Painted on a pole, and underwrit, “Here may you see the tyrant.” I will not yield, to kiss the ground before Malcolm
Tomorrow we will hear a play.
We will hear him what he says.
We will hear him.
We will hear it, Antony.
We will hear the will.
We will not have a friend, a friend or two.
We will know all our fortunes.
We will lead you through the process.
We will leave you, Brutus.
We will be preparing our dinner here.
We will mutiny.
We will not meet again, we will not see one another.
We will not run, Monsieur Monster.
We will overreach the graybeard, Gremio, The narrow-prying father, Minola, The charming musician, amorous Litio, all for my master’s sake, Lucenti
We will revenge his death.
We will see 'em hunger first.
We will see our husbands before they think of us.
We will send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he will say you are not well today.
We will teach you that there is no laboring in the winter.
We will begin with these rites, as we trust they will end, in delights.
We will speak to them tonight, and I will force the wine to scream through their scars.
We will speak with you at sea.
We will teach you to drink deep ere you depart.
Tomorrow we will go to church.
We will go to dinner, either.
We will go to the river.
We will visit Caliban, my slave who never gives us a kind answer.
We will wait on your lordship.
We will wait on your lordship.
We will whisper a couple of sage saws.
Weapons, arms?
Wear both of them, because both of them are thin.
He will swindle, peak and pine.
Wednesday is tomorrow.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.
You do not have to be a sanctuary in taking him.
Welcome to Mantua.
Welcome to her.
Welcome to her.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Welcome, ass.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre.
Welcome, gentlemen!
Good Cambio.
Welcome Robin.
Welcome, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Hello, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, Signior.
Welcome, you are a man who is not a man.
Welcome, wanderer.
Welcome.
Well aimed at a young man.
You are welcome to the open air.
Be with you, gentlemen.
Good.
Well demanded, wench.
Well, get you gone.
Have you heard something hard of hearing?
I am a good man.
I know the man.
You will prosper.
Well, you will be happy with your speed.
Good to meet here.
Good, Caporal Nym.
Good morning, honest gentleman.
Good to meet, my lord.
Good, good, Master Antipholus.
Well moused, Lion!
Well praised!
Well, pray you, father.
Lion!
Well run, thisbe!
Well said, old mole!
Well said.
Well said.
Well, moon!
Well struck!
Now, confess and live.
Well, go you into hell?
Well, I know you.
If I ever thank any man, I will thank you.
Now, it appears you need my help.
Well then, Legitimate Edgar, I must have your land.
Well, then, no more than that: go, gentle Catesby, and, as it was far away, sound your Lord Hastings how he is affected by our purpose and summon him tomorrow to the Tower to sit about the
Have you taken into account my speeches?
Well, then, sustain me.
Take a good heart and counterfeit to be a man.
Well, the peace you had so far urged Lies to give him.
Signor Benedick said so.
Well thought on.
Well thought on.
Well too.
You were so good today, sir.
Well, it is not so, my Lord High Constable.
Well, again.
Well, it is all one.
Well, it is all about that.
Well, I am like to do, because I see, four feasts are toward them.
Well, as time will try.
Well, you guess?
I will turn, and something to cut it off of a quick hand.
Well, be it.
Well, Brutus, you are noble.
Well, but to my choice.
Well, what is o'clock?
If I get older for a few days, I will send some packing that you think isn’t going to.
Come back tomorrow.
Come, my Kate.
Well, daughter, and you ladies, you are all going to be masked.
Do it, and be brief.
Do your discretion.
Well, you are good, my lord.
If you do your favor, sir, why not give God thanks and make no boasts of it, and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need for such vanity.
Well, forward, forward.
Well, gentlemen, I am so resolved: On Sunday next, you know my daughter Katherina is to be married.
Get you out.
Well, girl, you are not so much for his death as the villain lives who slaughtered him.
Go your way.
Go your way.
Go to, I will.
Go to.
God gives them wisdom that has it.
Well, God-a-mercy.
Good night.
Well, happy to their sheets!
There are souls to be saved, and there are souls to be saved.
Here is my comfort.
I am going to write about honor.
Well, I am glad that everything works so well.
I am not fair, and I pray the gods make me honest.
I am sorry for your niece.
Well, I can tell you.
Well, I think.
Well, I have done it.
I know not what counts harsh Fortune casts on my face, but she will never come to my heart to make my heart her vassal.
Well, I say no.
I will be a sinner, to be a double-dealer.
Well, I will call Beatrice to you, who I think has legs.
I will do it, though I take you in the company of the king.
I will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in you.
I will hie, and so I will give them as you bade me.
I will marry one day, but I will try.
Well, I will.
Well, I will do it.
I would have liked you.
Well, I will be revenged as I can.
Well, I will break in.
I will end the song.
I will hide the body in some hole until the duke gives order for his burial.
If you were only a little better than I, where would you choose it?
Well, in that case, you miss it.
Well, Jessica, go in.
Jove, not I, is the doer of this, and he is to be thanked.
Juliet, I will lie with you tonight.
Keep me company, but two years later, you will not know the sound of your own tongue.
Let him go.
Let it be.
Let it strike.
Let’s go.
Let them rest.
Let’s go and say how much is done.
Look at it.
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, masters, we hear our charge.
Well, you may see things done here.
Well, more anon.
Well, my dreadful lord—so must I call you now.
Hey, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
Well, my good lord, I have informed them of that.
Well, my good lord, I will do it.
Well, my lord.
I am going to arrest him.
Well, old man, I will tell you about your son.
Well, peace is with you, sir.
Peace will be with you.
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in heart.
Well, praise the gods for your foulness
Well, sir.
If you have any other idleness, I will give you your proof.
Well, sir, get you in.
Well, sir, good night.
Well, sir, I thank you.
Well, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I will bring you to our master Lear and leave you to attend him.
Well, sir, in short, the gown is not for me.
Well, sir, learn to jest in time.
Oh, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
Well, sir, then it will be dry.
Well, sir, we will not.
Well, sir?
Well, sir.
Well, sir.
Let us hear Barnardo speak about this.
Oh, stand aside.
Susan is with God.
Well, Syracusian, tell you in brief the cause why you are going to be from your native home and for what reason you came to Ephesus.
Tell me now what lady you are the same to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage, that you promised to tell me about today.
That is the dowry of his wife, and he is not getting any of his own money.
Well, the beginning is dead and buried.
Well, then I will see you again.
Well, then, that is the humor of ’t.
Think of marriage now.
You do best.
You have comforted me so much.
Time is the old justice that examines all offenders and lets time try.
Well, to our work alive.
Well, we will see your bearings.
Well, we will sift him.
Well, we were born to die.
We will leave you until dinnertime.
Well, we will see it.
Well, well, away.
Put your sword on the ground.
Well, you have a careful father, child.
Well, we will prosper now.
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
What is it?
What was yours?
What is the worst?
You are a rare parrot-teacher.
You are gone both ways.
You are going to call all the alehouses and bid those who are drunk to get them to bed.
You have made a simple choice.
You may be afraid to go too far.
You temporize with the hours.
Well, your imprisonment will not be long.
Well.
Well.
Well.
Well.
Well, come on, my Ariel!
He has come back?
If I did not get them quickly, I would have to die with laughter.
Went you to her for a purse of ducats?
If I were not able to let these hands obey my blood, they are able to displace and tear your flesh and bones.
If there were twenty of the greatest tributaries that acknowledge Caesar, would I find them so saucy with the hand of her here?
If he was not warmed with ale, this was a bed but he was cold to sleep so soundly.
If I was a laugher, or if I would have used to stale with ordinary oaths to show my love to every new protester, then you would be a danger to me.
If I were in England now, as once, and had only painted this fish, I would not be a holiday fool, but a piece of silver.
If I had my father, coz, I would do this?
Isn’t it good, think you?
Isn’t it better, because I am more than common tall than I am, that I did not suit me all points like a man?
If never orphans had a loss of so much value.
Isn’t my doors locked up and I am shutting out?
Did you not have you even now with the Countess Olivia?
Were so things here as we speak?
If the world was mine, Demetrius being bated, the rest I would give to you to be translated.
If they were not forced with those that should be ours, we would have met them humbling, beard to beard, and beat them backwards.
If we were in front of our armies, I would do so.
Were we not born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, as the rest goes, I would have my tears fall upon your cheek and say “Thrice-welcome, drowned Viola!” My father had a mole on his brow.
Did you know when it began?
Have you been the messenger?
If you were well served, you would be taught your duty.
You are as young as I, Juliet, you are as young as I, Juliet, you are married, Tybalt murdered, doing like me, and like me banishèd, then you may speak,
Do you think you are not banishing on death pain?
If you are not my brother, I would not take this hand from your throat until this other had pulled out your tongue for saying so.
What is “quality”?
What a blow!
What a blunt fellow is this grown to be!
What a slapstick you are to refuse to know me.
What a caterwauling do you keep here?
What a fearful night is this!
What a foolish duty do you have to do?
What a life is this that your poor friends must woo your company?
What a long night is this!
What a man are you?
What a night!
What a pestilent knave is this same!
What a scurvy patch!
What a plague means to my niece, to take the death of her brother to the next level?
What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit.
What a sigh!
What a strange drowsiness they have!
What a thrice-double ass I was, to take this drunkard for a god and worship this dull fool.
What a wretched and peevish fellow is this king of England to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his knowledge.
What is Adam you mean?
What an eye she has!
What is the answer, sir?
What are his words?
What are these faces?
What are they who do?
What are they, behold your ladyship?
What are your comings?
What are you going to do?
What are you there?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What is your straw that is a straw?
What are you doing to keep me out of the house I owe?
What are you, fellow?
What are you doing?
What is the stumbling block?
What beard was I best to play in?
What beast was you who made you break this enterprise to me?
What magician is causing this fiend to stop charitable acts?
What is that bloody man?
What are you waiting for?
What can be avoided if the end is intended by the mighty gods?
What is he saying in this?
What is it?
What can you swear by now?
What ceremony would you like to do?
What cheer, my love?
What cheer?
What is her claim?
What color is madam?
What is the best time to name, that ever graced me in your company?
What was committed?
What is this company?
What is she?
What are they worried about?
What is his conquest?
What a conrade!
What counterfeit did I give you?
What country is this?
What is a countryman?
What is the slender foot that wanders this way tonight to cross my obsequies and my rite of true love?
What is this?
What is the devil that has ruined me?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did you do, lady?
What did you do?
What did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me now?
What did you think was not good?
What do I fear?
What do I see on you?
What do they do in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west?
What is the name of the play?
What are you doing here alone?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean to dot on such luggage?
What are you saying, my lord?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
What do you see?
What are you thinking of marching to Philippi?
What are you thinking of me?
What are you thinking?
What does Brutus say about him?
What is the tyrant?
What is this mean, my lord?
What dogs are these dogs?
What do you know about me?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you do?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you think?
What do you wear with your best clothing?
What do you mean by this?
What does she say, my lord of Buckingham?
What drink do you drink instead of homage sweet, but poisoned flattery?
What early tongue is so sweet?
What are the effects of this, my lord?
What else, fellow?
What else?
What is your business, Popillius?
What is the reason why our eyes and ears are ill?
What eye would you see in such a dispute?
What are the features?
What follows, my lord?
What is this fool?
What was the foul play we had that we had come from there?
What is your friend?
What can you see from the cape on the sea?
What further woes conspire against mine age?
What gentleman?
What is good about heaven, to be discovered, that can do me good?
What grows of it, no matter what.
What had he done to make him fly the land?
What had he done to you?
What handkerchief?
What is this?
What have you been?
What have you found?
What hast du done? Father, be quiet.
What has he said?
What has been done to them has given me fire.
What have I kept back?
What have you done with the dead body, my lord?
What have you done?
What have you, my good friends, merited at the fortunes of her prisoner who sent you to prison?
What he lost, noble Macbeth has won.
What he said I have writ my sister.
What he will do with it is Heaven knows, not I. I do nothing but to please his fantasy.
What heir of York is there, but we?
Horatio!
What a great guard, the Emperor’s guard!
What is this horrible thing?
What is the hour now?
What I am and what I would be as secret as a babyhead is.
What I can do is do more than I will do for myself.
What I should deny is that as I would, though you did produce my character, I would turn it all to your suggestion, plot, and damned practice.
What I should think of this is that I cannot tell you, but this is what I think: there is no man so vain that would refuse a so fair chain.
What if a man bring him a hundred pounds or two to make him a merry withal?
What if I had said I had seen him do you wrong?
What if I didn’t go further, but chose here?
What would happen if it comes to you again?
What if my house is a bit tangled with a rat and I will give ten thousand ducats to ban it?
What happens if this mixture does not work?
What is a difficult matter he will make easy next?
What is the opposite?
What is the infinite heart’s ease that private men have?
What is o'clock?
What is your demand?
What is you saying?
What are you doing?
What are you saying?
What are you looking for?
What is not, my lord?
What is he saying to you?
What is not?
What is “t o”clock?
What is a man who is not his chief good and market of his time, but to sleep and feed?
What is a traitor?
What is wrong?
What is between you?
What is decreed must be, and be so.
What is he at the gate, cousin?
What is he for a fool who is prone to a sigh of relief?
What is he who will buy his flock and his pastures?
What is he that you ask for, niece?
What is he, Biondello?
What is her mother?
What is here?
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his strength by land?
What is it and what else?
What is she doing now?
What are you saying to me?
What did you say?
What would you see?
What is it, my good friends?
What is it?
What is my name?
What is my offense?
What is Pyramus?
What is she?
What is she?
What is that noise?
What is the course and the drift of your compact?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter, ho?
What is the matter, husband?
What is the matter, lady?
What is the matter, masters?
What is the matter, my lord?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news?
What is the opinion of Pythagoras about wildfowl?
What is the reason for this terrible summons?
What is the success?
What is the time o' th day?
What is this castle called that stands hard by?
What is the same?
What is this that rises like a king, and wears on his baby-brow the round and top of sovereignty?
What is this?
What is Thisbe?
What is your name, young man?
What is your name?
What is your name?
What are you doing now?
What is your soul of adoration?
What will you do with her?
What is to say to him, lady?
What is a gentleman?
What is your difference?
What is your name?
What is your parentage?
What is your pleasure, madam?
What is your pleasure?
What are your tidings?
What is your will that I will do with this?
What is your will, sir, that you send me for me?
What is your will?
What is your will?
What is my lord?
What is my nation?
What I do is, my Caius, I will unfold to you as we go to whom it is going to be done.
What should be more than his father’s death, that has put him so much from his understanding of himself, I cannot dream of.
What judgment shall I do, doing no wrong?
What is god you are, who suffers more of mortal grief than your worshippers?
What is your help?
What is a woman?
What lawful quest have given their verdict to the slammed judge?
What less than doomsday is the Prince’s doom?
What is life in that marriage to the death of this marriage?
What is his likelihood of a change, lords?
What love would I have for Lysander?
What makes you from home?
What makes him here?
What is the frontlet on that frontlet?
What was your fault?
What is the man who stumbles on me?
What is the man you dig for?
What is that man?
What is that man?
What man was he talking with you yesternight out at your window, weighing twelve and one?
What is your crocodile doing?
What is the way of man?
What is the way of man?
What many men want is that “many” may be meant by the fool multitude who chooses by show, not learning more than the fond eye does teach
What do you mean?
What is a mask, what is music?
What do I call your name?
What does she do?
What do you mean, Caesar?
What do you mean, madam?
What do you mean, sir?
What are your graces?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean, that you do not help me?
What is your meanness, Malvolio?
What is that bloody knife?
What is this jest?
What is this lady?
What is this shouting?
What is your grace?
What is your lordship?
What men do daily, not knowing what they do.
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
What men can do?
What mercy can you give him, Antonio?
What would be the point of this sweaty rush?
What would I import my sister’s letter to him?
What would you think?
What would you think?
What is the misadventure that calls our person from our morning rest?
what is your slave?
What is money, sir?
What must be.
What is the name, fair lady?
What is the need for one?
What is the need for the bridge much more large than the flood?
What do you need to follow in a house where twice as many have a command to help you?
What do you need to do when you can tell your tale the closest way?
What was the terrible dispatch of it into your pocket?
What is more?
What is the need for this iteration, woman?
What news are you going to do abroad?
What news are the merchants getting?
What news from Genoa?
What news is she getting from her?
What is the news?
What news do you have with you, sir?
What news, Borachio?
What news do you have, my lord?
What news, what news do we have in this state?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What news?
What is the night-rule now about this haunted grove?
What is noise here?
What is that noise?
What is that noise?
What is this noise?
What noise is this?
What noise?
What noise?
What is not a burden on His spongy officers, who will bear the guilt of our great qull?
What is now, Lucillius?
What is that?
What will I send you tomorrow?
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
What is the offense, sweet Beatrice?
What other bond are secret Romans who have spoken the word and will not be able to speak?
What was your reading?
What is my passion that hangs on my tongue?
What are they?
What a poor instrument may do a noble thing.
What prisoners are taken, uncle?
What griefs they have, unfortunately, I know, made them do it.
What is your profanity?
What promise, chuck?
What is the proof I will make of that?
What raiment will your Honor wear today?
What is the rein that can hold wickedness when he climbs down the hill and holds his fierce career?
What is in hand?
What ring gave you my lord?
What said he when he came to himself?
What said he?
What said my man, when my betossèd soul didn’t attend him as we rode?
What said Northumberland as touching Richmond?
What satisfaction can you have tonight?
What do you mean to the augurers?
What do you say, sir?
What do you mean to Falconbridge, the young baron of England?
What do you say to a neat foot?
What do you mean to beef and mustard?
What do you say, Bottom?
What do you say, Hermia?
What do you say, uncle?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you mean, my fair flower de luce?
What do you mean, noble heart?
What do you mean now?
What do you mean, Biondello?
What do you mean?
What is he saying of our marriage?
What is Lord Stanley saying?
What is my lord saying?
What is Polonius?
What is Romeo?
What is that fool of Hagar’s descendants?
What is the golden chest?
What is the silver with her virgin hue?
What is this leaden casket?
What is your Highness to my just request?
What is your saying to him?
What is your saying now to me?
What is your life, dear Nurse?
What is yours?
What was my sense in her lust?
What serious contemplation are you in?
What are you doing?
What will be our sport?
What will happen from this?
What will I call you when you are a man?
What will I do?
What will I do?
What will I know of you?
What will I say?
What will I swear?
What will we do to do?
What will we do, Enobarbus?
What will we hear about this?
What will you ask me to refuse, that honor, saved, upon asking?
What should a man do but be merry?
What should he be?
What should I do to answer you?
What should I do?
What should I do with him?
What should I do?
What should I say to you?
What should I say, sweet lady?
What should I do?
What should I do in this wild world?
What should I think about?
What should it be that is so shrieked abroad?
What should I do as I crawl between earth and heaven?
What is that supposed to do?
What should the wars do with these jigging fools?
What should this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What are the sights, my lord?
What is a simple thief who is a good man?
What soldiers, patch?
What soldiers, whey-face?
What is your speech, my good lord?
What is she?
What stay did I have with Edward?
What stay had we had but Clarence?
What is a sum he is owed to the Jew?
What tells you of rape?
What is the good year, my lord, why are you so sad?
What is that then?
What is that then?
What are these things, my lord Antonio?
What are you thinking of the Scottish lord, his neighbor?
What are you thinking of this fool, Malvolio?
What are you going on?
What are you going on?
What do you think of Stanley?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What is your opinion?
What do you do when you wake up?
What you would do is to do to your hand.
What would you do to you? That would you do to you a favor
What if he loves your Hermia?
What if I am not so in grace as you—so fortunate, so miserable— to love unloved?
What if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things do you drink particularly?
What are your thoughts on my lord?
What to him from England?
What touches us ourselves will be last served.
What is your trade, you?
What traitor hears me and says not “Amen?” England has long been mad and scarred herself.
What Tranio did, I he had to do.
What treasure, uncle?
What tributaries follow him to Rome to grace his chariot wheels in captive bonds?
What is that same trumpet?
What is that?
What are the two crowns?
What is her unaccustomed cause?
What villain touched his body, that stabbed him, and not for justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains have done this?
What is this warlike noise?
What was that that pushed Cassius to conspire?
What was he that you followed with your sword?
What was he sad or merry?
What was it you told me today, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signor Benedick?
What was your obstacle that broke this off?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise?
What was your cause?
What was your dream, my lord?
What do you do to keep your eyes open and watch your night?
What we will do, we will do on command.
What were his marks?
What was my best to say?
What were these?
What would you do if the King of Naples heard you?
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare to Hermia’s sphery eyne?
What will happen from this?
What will happen tonight, safe'scape the king!
What will I do, think you?
What will this do?
What will you do with it, that you have been so sane to have me snatch it?
What will you do?
What will you do?
What will you give me now for the same handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What will you do for her?
What will you do?
What will you tell her, Nurse?
What with a torch!
What woman is she?
What is the man who is a woman?
What is this wood in the woods?
What is here, Charmian?
What would my lord do, but that may not be true, where Olivia may seem to be able to do so?
What would my lord do?
What would my lord do?
What would my potent master do?
What would she have?
What would you have?
What would you say to me now, because I was your very, very Rosalind?
What would you do with her, sir?
What would you do with me, honest neighbor?
What would you do, Desdemona?
What would you do?
What would you do, old man?
What would you have with me?
What would you do now?
What would you do with us?
What would you write about me if you praise me?
What would you do, fellow?
What would you do?
What wound did you ever heal but by degrees?
What are the years I have been living in?
What you have charged me with, that I have done.
What you said I will consider, what you have to say I will hear with patience and find a time to meet to hear and answer such high things.
What you said, it may be so perchance.
What you know, you know.
What you would have had I will stay to know in your abandoned cave.
What you would do to me, I have some aim.
What is a feast, a feast?
What is a prisoner?
What are my pretty chickens and their dams at one fell swoop?
What, all so soon asleep?
What is an advocate for an imposter?
What is my old Venetian friend Salerio?
What is the stake?
What are you friends and your friends?
What are the brothers doing?
What are the masks?
What are they children?
What are we doing, if we have deserved it?
What are you waiting for?
What are you busy, ho?
What are you hurt, lieutenant?
What, are you mad that you do?
What are you mad?
What are you mad?
What is madness?
What are you afraid?
What, you are ashamed of me?
What is going on, gentlemen, away?
What are you drawn among these heartless ramblings?
What hurts you?
What is your wake?
What, bear her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, uncovered slander, unmitigated rancor—O God, I was a man!
What is that, Brutus?
What is that, Curio?
What is dead, my dove?
What did Caesar do?
What, did he marry me to famish me?
What did they never whisper?
What are you doing?
What, do you scorn me for my gentle counsel, and soothe the devil I warn you from?
What is the story, drawn, and talk of peace?
What would I do for a counter, but not good?
What is that, frighted with false fire?
What is that, from myself?
What, girl, though gray Do something to mingle with our younger brown, yet ha’ we are a brain that nourishes our nerves and can get goal for goal of youth.
What is going on in the direction of the Tower?
What is that, Grumio!
What have his daughters brought him to this pass?
What is this happening tonight?
What have you done at home?
What have you forgotten?
What have you lost?
What have you done to my sister?
What, Brabantio!
What?
What?
What is that, ho?
What, household stuff?
What do I say?
What, I will be jovial.
What am I, my lord?
What is the storm, the night?
What is your sight in my sight?
What is in our house?
What is in the middle of the street?
What is Antonio here?
What is Brutus sick, and will he steal out of his wholesome bed, to stop the vile night-threatening contagion and tempt the rheumy and unpurgèd air to
What is he angry?
What is he dead?
What is he dead?
What is my beaver easier than it was?
What is the fellow madness?
What is the jay more precious than the lark because his feathers are more beautiful?
What is the man stupid?
What is such a place?
What is that?
What, jealous Oberon?
What, keep a week away?
What, lamb!
What, Lucius!
What a night of revels, man!
What courage, man, yet!
What are the ways to recover the general?
What is that, man?
What is your reading?
What will I do at Salisbury?
What, mistress!
What will I do with you with five and twenty, Regan?
What, must I hold a candle to my shames?
What, must our mouths be cold?
What, dear Lady Disdain!
What is your good lord?
What is my gracious lord?
What is that, my lord?
What is that, my lord?
What is my old worshipful old master?
What, no more ceremony?
What, no more?
What is a whore?
What is not a word?
What is not a word?
What is that, not one hit?
What, not to pray?
What do I say, Nurse, Nurse.
What is that, Octavia?
What is the reason we are so tired of our dogs?
What, Pindarus!
What, you, man?
What is the woman you are married?
What do I do, shall I be appointed hours like I did, like I knew not what to take and what to leave, ha?
What will I find here?
What will I do to tell you?
What will I do to stab him as he sleeps?
What will one of us have struck the foremost man of all this world. For supporting robbers, shall we now be able to rob our fingers with base bribes and sell the mighty space of our honors
What is this speech for our excuse?
What will we do to get to the Tower?
What, sigh for the toothache?
What is still not at rest?
What is so brief?
What is Evermore showering, still in tears?
What is the chain?
What are you thinking we are Turks or infidels?
What is your meanness for an officer?
What is your dreadful speech?
What are you doing?
What, to kiss in private?
What is to be wrong?
What is carved up and down like a apple tart?
What was I married to her in my dream?
What, we have many good days to see!
What, were you snarling all before I came, ready to catch each other by the throat, and turn you all your hatred now on me?
What, what, good cheer!
What, what?
What will my daughter prove to be a good musician?
What will our mother come?
What will you do to have them weep our horses' blood?
What will you do to kill me?
What will you do?
What will you do?
What do you do to keep me from being forbidding?
What do you think is my sweet love?
What will you do to wash him from his grave with tears?
What is Lysander doing?
What, with my tongue in your tail?
What is the case of eyes?
What, with worms and flies?
What is worse and worse? With leave, Bassanio, I am half yourself, and I must have the half of anything that this same paper brings you.
What would you do to make me mad?
What, would you have a serpent sting you twice?
What, would you have me go and beg my food, or with a base and a boist'rous sword force a thievish living on the common road?
What, you look merrily.
What is my face?
What?
What?
What?
What is a drunken man like, fool?
What is Antony?
What is done is done.
What else to say? — These quicksands, Lepidus, keep them off, for you to sink.
What is he who is now out of door?
What is he who speaks for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
What is he who was not born of woman?
What is he who wants to do?
What is he doing?
What is he doing?
What is her name?
What is here?
What is his fault?
What is his offense?
What is she?
What is that good for?
What is that for you?
What is that, I pray?
What is that, my lord?
What is that?
What is that?
What is the boy Malcolm?
What is the disease he means?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter that you are able to erode your reputation and spend your rich opinion on the name of a night-brawler?
What is the matter with you now?
What is the matter, dear?
What is the matter, lieutenant?
What is the matter, think you?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news with you?
What is the news?
What is the noise?
What is the wager?
What is this for?
What is this to my Lysander?
What is this?
What is this?
What is your name?
What is your passion?
What is your pleasure?
What is going on?
What is to do?
What is to say?
What is your grace’s will?
What is your pleasure?
What is your highness’ pleasure?
What is your name, friend?
What is your name?
What is your pleasure, sir?
What is your will?
What is your will?
What is your will?
You are good at your best, thanks for your good advice.
What is the kiss of a soldier?
When a god sleeps, he will rob his bottle.
When it was a little prating thing, it was a little petty thing.
When a wise man gives you better counsel, give me mine again.
When everything is done, you look only on a stool.
When and where we met, we wooed and made exchange of vows, I will tell you as we pass, but this is my prayer: You have consent to marry us today.
When are you married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets seen.
When you are not at your lodging, the Senate has sent you three guests to search you out.
When Biondello comes, he waits on you, but I will charm him first to keep his tongue.
When Caesar lived, he would not have moved me.
When Caesar says, “Do this,” it is performed.
When did you get this?
When is this another?
When could they say that Rome talked about her wide walks, that she had only one man?
When devils will put on the blackest sins, they will suggest first with heavenly shows like I do now.
When did I see you put down?
When did she send you?
When did you sleep when you did a similar thing?
When good manners lie in one or two men’s hands, and they are unwashed too, it is a foul thing.
When have I injured you?
When he came back to himself, he said, if he had done or said anything wrong, he would want their worships to think it was his infirmity.
When he is best he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst he is little better than a beast.
When he is gone, I would be able to speak with you.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there, he sees you there.
When holy and devout religious men are at their beads, it is much to draw them from there.
When I am alone, why then I am Tranio
When I am known aright, you will not grieve letting me know about me.
When I returned, I found them close together at blow and thrust, even as they were again when you did.
When I come where he calls, he is gone.
When I want their leave that I might pity him, they took me the use of my own house, charged me with pain of their perpetual displeasure to not speak of him, do anything to support him.
When I made you free, do you not want to do this when I bade you?
When I name him, let it be your part to praise him more than ever.
When I have plucked your rose, I cannot give it vital growth again, it must need to be shaved.
When I know the gentleman, I will tell him what you say.
When I like your favor, God will defend the lute like the case.
When I presented Ceres, I thought I had told you about it, but I feared I would not anger you.
When I spoke about that, I was ill-tempered.
When I think, I must speak.
When I told you My state was nothing, I would have told you that I was worse than nothing, because I have engaged myself to a dear friend, engaged my friend to his simple enemy to feed my means.
When I was with him, I have heard him swearing to Tubal and Chus, his countrymen, that he would rather have his flesh than twenty times the sum he did owe him.
When I wore it at your daughter’s marriage?
When Titania came to the rescue, she waked up and screamed straight.
When is the royal day?
When it appears to you where this begins, turn your displeasure so that our faults can never be so equal that your love can move equally with them.
When it comes to the fool or the coward.
When it is lighted, come and call me here.
When it is paid according to the tenor.
When it is paid, bring your true friend along.
When Jacob grazed his uncle Laban’s sheep, this Jacob from our holy Abram was, as his wise mother wrought in his behalf, the third possessor, ay, he was the third.
When I was last at Exeter, the mayor showed me the castle and called it Rougemont, which I started to name.
When my tongue blabs, let me see.
When Nature has made a fair creature, may she not fall in the fire by Fortune?
When we do not, our fears make us a traitor.
When Prospero is destroyed.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome, the actors are coming here, my lord.
When saw you my father last?
When will he come?
When will we come to the top of that same hill?
When will we meet again?
When I said that, I would say that?
When the poor have cried, Caesar has wept.
When that is gone, he will drink naught but brine, because I will not show him where the freshest freshes are.
When the butt is out, we will drink water.
When the mind is free, the body is delicate.
When the moon shone we didn’t see the candle.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
When these prodigies meet, let not men say, “These are their reasons.
When they are gone, I must count my gains.
When they are in danger, I will recover them.
When they choose, they have the wisdom to lose.
When they see the face of Caesar, they are gone.
When they do not give a must to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian.
When do you think you will be able to see the sword rise again?
When this advice is free, I give and honest advice, Probal to thinking and indeed the course to win the Moor again?
When this burns, 'Twill weep for having you swore.
When you ask me blessing, I will kneel down and ask you forgiveness.
When you were beaten from Modena, where you slew Hirtius and Pansa, consuls, at your heel, fought for whom you fought against, although he was brought up
When you wake up, if she is there, you will be able to get rid of her.
When time will serve, let me just cry, and I will again appear.
When a vile wolf is a vile wolf, it eats the sword it fights with.
When was it she last walked?
When we are born, we cry that we are coming to this great stage of fools.
When we have matched our rackets to these balls, we will play in France, by God’s grace, a set that will strike his father’s crown into the hazard.
When we see betters bearing our woes, we are not sure we are our enemies.
When we meet at compt, this look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven and fiends will snatch it at me.
When went there by an age, since the great flood, it was famous with more than one man?
When would you be so full of songs, sirrah?
When were you going to use my sister so?
When will he be here?
If you are gentle, you will have one too, and not until then.
When you have spoken your speech, you will be able to get that brake.
When you will please play the thieves for wives, I will watch as long for you as possible.
When you sued, it was time for words.
When you take occasions to see leeks hereafter, I pray you, mock at me, that is all.
When, without stratagem, was ever known so much loss on the one hand and on the other?
When?
When are you, sir?
When came you, sir?
When are you coming?
When is that knocking?
Where am I?
Where are America, the Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the vile beginners of this fray?
Where are these hearts?
Where are they?
Where are your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where is your death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, proud Demetrius?
Where are the sacred waterways that you should fill with sorrowful water?
Where are these bloody thieves?
Where are these knaves?
Where are your brothers?
Where are your tenants and your followers?
Where did I leave?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where is she?
Where do I live?
Where are you?
Where do you hide your head?
Where are you, pretty youth?
Where is Cesario?
Where did you get that goose look?
Where had he wined?
Where have you been, my heart?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where am I?
Where am I?
Where have you hid yourself?
Where are you?
Where he arrives, he moves all hearts against us.
Where I am, great clerks have said they would greet me with premeditated welcomes, where I saw them shiver and look pale, make periods in the middle of sentences, throttle their practiced accent in
Where I have learned to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your orders, I am enjoined by the holy Lawrence to fall prostrate here to beg your pardon.
Where is Antony?
Where is Duncan’s body?
Where are gentle rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he gone?
Where is he now?
Where is he now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where is Lysander and fair Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Where is my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is my lady?
Where is my lord of Gloucester?
Where is my lord the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my lord?
Where is my love?
Where is my love?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our usual manager of mirth?
Where is she now? What will these hands ne'er be clean?
Where is she?
Where is that damned villain, Tranio, who faced and braved me in this matter?
Where is that viper?
Where is Denmark's majesty?
Where is the evidence that accuses me?
Where is the fellow?
Where is the foolish knave I sent before?
Where is the gold I gave to you?
Where is the horse that is a savage horse who is a savage horse who is a savage man and has a savage fire that he has pushed them first?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of our English dead?
Where is the rascal cook?
Where are the thousand marks you had of me?
Where is Edmund the villain?
Where is this rash and most unfortunate man?
Where is this sight?
Where is your husband now?
Where is your instrument?
Where is your leather apron and your rule?
Where is your luster now?
Where is your master, Dromio?
Where is your power to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is Caius?
Where is your sister, and Hortensio’s wife?
Where it seems to be your royal self.
Where have you learned this, Fool?
Where are we leaving?
Where is he?
Where is your text?
Where is he?
Where can we set our horses?
Where is he?
Where are you so fast?
Where will we go?
Where will we go?
Where will we meet i' th morning?
Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where should Othello go?
Where should she be?
Where should they be set and where else?
Where souls do couch on flowers, we will hand in hand, and with our sprightly port, make the ghosts look.
Where should he learn our language?
Where should this Romeo be?
Where is the place?
Where they feared the death, they have borne life away, and where they would be safe, they perish.
Where they breed and haunt most, I have observed, the air is delicate.
Where virtue is, these are more virtuous.
Where was she born?
Where we are, there are daggers in men’s smiles.
Where we lay, our chimneys were blown down and, as they say, the screams of death heard me, and prophesied with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused events New hatched to the wo
Where will the old duke live?
Where will you lead me?
Where I am, I will discover all.
Where, my lord?
Where, where, Messala, lies his body?
Where, where?
Where?
Where is Antonio?
Where is Antony?
Where is Dolabella, to second Proculeius?
Where is Monsieur Cobweb?
Where is Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where is my cousin Toby?
Where is my fool, ho?
Where is my knave, my fool?
Where is my son Edmund?
Where is Peaseblossom?
Where is Potpan, he helps not to take away?
Where is Publius?
Where is Romeo?
Where is the satisfaction?
Where is Seleucus?
Where is that mongrel?
Where is the cook?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master?
Where is the Queen?
Where is your conscience now?
Where is your drum?
Where is your father?
Whereard grieved—that so his sickness, age, and impotence was falsely borne in hand—sends out arrests on Fortinbras, which he obeys, receives rebuke
Where is a tale, sir?
Where are these things hid?
Where is Romeo?
Why did they not destroy us at that time?
You did it?
Where are you coming?
Have these gifts a curtain before you?
Where is that?
Where is this?
You rejoice?
where are you going to sink down?
He says that to her he hates him?
Where are you going?
Where is this ghastly looking?
Where are you going to be?
Where is Dover, sir?
Where is Dover?
Where was that cry?
Where do I get to?
Where are you going?
Dare you support a published traitor?
You know what you mean, sweetheart?
You are right!
Where is that?
Where is that?
What is this noise?
Where has Caesar so earned your love?
Wherein the toged consuls can propose as masterly as he can.
Wherein we saw you quietly interred, Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws to cast you back up.
Where was he going?
Where have I been, my friends, who I am?
Wherever I do, grant me this, to leave me alone.
Whereon Norway, overcome with joy.
I know that if he was a treason, confessed and proved, he would have overthrown him.
If this is the case, I will not swear.
Which malefactors are the malefactors?
What should be embraced?
Which dreams are actually ambitions, because the essence of the ambitious is just the shadow of a dream.
That is shame, and then necessity will call discreet proceeding.
He will put on us as pigeons feed their young.
I think I am a fool or a cipher.
Which will be in his dearest need fly from him.
Who killed the deer?
Which is one?
Which is Sebastian?
Which is that adversary?
Which is the lady I must take to?
Which is the villain?
Which will I take?
Which of these is he?
Which of these sorrows is he subject to?
Which of you trembles not that looks on me?
Which of you two have had dinner with me today?
Which of you would be if you were a prince’s son, who is now pent from liberty?
Which she will purchase with a long-lasting war.
He gave him a new life, he obstructing his lust and his lust.
They will make an obedient father.
What is your life going to be?
Which way did he kill Mercutio?
When I saw the rehearse, I must confess, that my eyes were watery, but tears were more merry.
While grace is saying, hood my eyes so with my hat and sigh and say, “Amen”— Use all the respect of civility like one well studied in a sad ostentent to please his grand
While he was in Rome, his power went out in such distractions as Beguiling all spies.
A man with moderate urge might tell a hundred.
While the armèd hand fights abroad, Th' advisèd head defends itself at home.
You will be with God.
While we reason here, a royal battle might be won and lost.
While we were interchanging thrusts and blows, we fought both sides, until the Prince came, who parted either of them.
While I threaten, he lives.
While we stood here securing your repose, we heard a hollow burst of bellowing like bulls, or rather lions.
He stood up and spoke, but he was my master.
While you were here with your grief, Cassio was the man who made you feel like a man.
He will be a boy, and you will see him cringe his face and whine aloud for mercy.
He is a bit irritated.
I am so honest.
Whip me, you devils, from the possession of this heavenly sight.
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula Walk in the orchard, and our entire discourse is all about her.
What is he doing there?
Isn’t that going?
Are they gone?
What are you going to do?
What is the way you want to go?
What is the way you want to go?
Who is going to do that?
Before you arrived, Siward, with ten thousand warlike men, was already at a point.
What is he going to do?
Isn’t she a flyer?
Should they come?
What do you think of?
I will ask you to answer this question.
Whither, my lord?
What is the difference?
Who alone suffers, suffers most, leaving free things behind and happy shows behind.
Who am I, sir?
Who ambles time withal?
Who are the late commissioners?
Who are they?
Who are you?
Who bares my letter to Romeo?
Who wants to call you?
Who brought it?
Who brought it?
Who builds his hopes in air of your good looks. He is ready to tumble down in the sand of the deep.
Who calls so loud?
Who calls?
Who calls?
Who calls?
Who can arraign me for it?
Who can be wise, amazed, temp'rate, and furious, loyal and neutral in a moment?
Who can blot that name with any just reproach?
Who can come in and say that I mean her, when such a neighbor is her neighbor?
Who can control his fate?
Who can impress the forest, bid the tree to remove his earthbound root?
Who cannot want to think how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
Who chooses me must give and hazard all he has.
Who chooses me must give and hazard all he has.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
Who chooses me will have as much as he deserves.
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes here?
Who comes so fast in silence of the night?
Who comes with her?
Who comes with him?
Who could be out, being before his beloved mistress?
Who could refrain from saying that he had a heart to love, and that he had a heart to love.
Who is dead?
Who did the light shine?
Who is you who is guiling you?
Who does you do wrong?
Who is he accused?
Who does i do more than his captain can become his captain?
Who does this?
Who is he who is a savage man?
Who else should be?
Who knew the heavens menace so?
Who goes there, ha?
Who is here?
Who has done this, Sir Andrew?
Who has left behind him general?
Who has made this havoc with them?
Who has measured the ground?
Who has you been relieved?
Who has sent you now?
Who heard me refuse it or forswear it?
Who intercepts my expedition?
Who is that calling?
Who is not that can inform me?
Who is cried?
Who is a thorny person?
Who are you?
Who is the conductor of his people?
Who is here so base that he would be a bondman?
Who is here so rude that he would not be a Roman?
Who is here so vile that he will not love his country?
Who is it in the press that calls on me?
Who is it that can tell me who I am?
Who is it that complains to the king that I am stern and love them not?
Who is it?
Who is most inward with the noble duke?
Who is next?
Who is so gross that cannot see this palpable device?
Who calls that coldly?
Who keeps her company?
Who knocks so hard?
Who knows he is?
Who knows if Donalbain will be with his brother?
Who knows not that he is dead!
Who knows not that the gentle duke is dead?
Who knows that?
Who knows not where a wasp wears his sting?
Who knows the Lord Protector’s mind herein?
Who lies in the second chamber?
Who maintains 'em?
Who meets us here?
Who must hang them?
Who is now the price of his dear blood?
Who of my people hold him in a hurry?
Who offered him the crown?
Who rises from a feast with that keen appetite that he sits down?
Who saw Cesario, ho?
Who sent you to the airport?
Who is the man you are under?
Who will be able to stop me from them?
Who will start?
Who will stay you?
Who stays it withal?
Who steals my purse steals trash.
Who stocked my servant?
Who sued me for him?
Who talks about my nation?
Who talks there?
Who will then blame His ill-fated senses for a remorse and start, when all that is inside him condemns himself for being there?
Who was not coming by?
Who was it?
Who was last with them?
Who will go with me?
Who would be jealous of such a thing?
Who would bear to scream and sweat under a weary life, but that the dread of something after death, the undiscovered country from which no traveler returns, puzzles the will and makes us rather bear those 
Who would not have his wife?
Who would you serve?
Who is wrong with him?
Who you are and what you would be out of my welkin, I might say “element,” but the word is overworn.
Who, he?
Who, Hero?
Who, I, my lord?
Who, I?
Who, slammed with his insolence already, will call from him their good thoughts.
Who, Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Who?
Who?
Who is born that day when I forget to send to Antony will die a beggar.
Who is gone this morning?
Who is here?
Who is his lieutenant, hear you?
Who is that bell bell?
Who is that?
Who is there, out of the rain?
Who is there, in your other devil’s name?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is inside?
Whoever he is, he will be, that in this foul proceeding you beguiled your daughter of herself and you of her, the bloody book of law you will read in the bitter letter, after your own sense, you
Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds and gain a husband by his liberty.
Who should I knock?
Who is your best friend?
Whoever opened their tender hearts, your head gave direction.
Who is the house?
Who is the noise that is that that is the noise that is being heard about murder?
Who is the tongue?
Why is it “with some little train” my Lord of Buckingham?
Why appear you with this ridiculous boldness before my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, unapt to toil and trouble in the world?
Why are you drawn?
Why are you grown so rude?
Why are you silent?
Why are you virtuous?
Why are you angry?
Why are you here, come from the farthest step of India?
Why ask you this?
Why ask you?
Why do you call me “love”?
Why did I get there but to that intent?
Why came not the slave back to me when I called him.
Why is that so?
Why did he so?
Why did you bring these daggers from the place?
Why did you laugh when I said “man delights not me”?
Why did you cry out in your sleep, sirs?
Why did you do so?
Why did you send me forth brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why do they run away?
Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more raw breath?
Why do you cross me in this sexy way?
Why do you dress me in borrowed robes?
Why do you infect yourself with them?
Why do you make such faces?
Why send so thick?
Why do you speak so faintly?
Why are you so rash and starting?
Why do you speak to me?
Why do you speak, too, “Why blame you me for love you?”
Why do you stay so long, my lords of France?
Why is the world reporting that Kate does not do anything?
Why do you ask?
Why call him “knave”?
Why do you lash that whore?
Why do you lead these men on the streets?
Why do you not go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto?
Why do you spit at me?
Why do you stay?
Why do you use me so?
Why do you wring your hands?
Why does it not sink then our eyelids sink?
Why does the Jew stop?
Why was you so lovely in my eyes?
Why grow the branches when the root is gone?
Why would I not have been able to raise a beggar’s issue at my gates, who, smirchèd so, and mired in a slander, say, “No part of it
Why did I have one?
Why has your queen sat down to this green?
Why have you left the chamber?
Why have you stol’n upon us so?
Why is he more than another?
Why should I fear I do not know it, since I do not know what I do.
Why left you wife and child with those precious motives, those strong knots of love, without leaving?
Why is my lord enraged against his love?
Why is this “impawned” as you call it?
Why is this reason?
Why is Time such a naive of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful?
Why is your cheek so pale?
Why let it strike?
Why look you pale?
Why look you strange on me?
Why is your grace so much today?
Why does imagination not trace the noble dust of Alexander until he finds it stopping a bunghole?
Why would you, my lord, not be able to attend from those she calls servants or from mine?
Why not, boy.
Why no, no more than reason.
Why not, my lord?
Why is your thought, Iago?
Why do you want to ask yourself and answer yes?
Why are you going to be on your birth, the heaven, and the earth?
Why Romeo, you are mad?
Why do you want to be?
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should he call her “whole”?
Why should he follow him?
Why should he not?
Why should he stay, who loves to go?
Why should I not?
Why should we not be there in person?
Why should she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be sounded more than yours?
Why should the poor be flattered?
Why should their liberty be more than ours?
Why should Titania cross her Oberon?
Why should you fall into a so deep O?
Why should you think I should be wooing in shame?
Why sinks that cauldron?
Why would you want to write that letter so vigourously?
Why so, being gone, why so, being gone, I am a man again.
Why?
Why sweat them under burdens?
Why is that with watching, you will be able to go away again.
Why came the devil between us?
Why is the King of France so suddenly gone back?
Why the wrong is not a wrong world, and having the world for your labor is a wrong in your own world, and you might make it right quickly.
Why then I think Cassio is an honest man.
Why is it good to be a post?
Why then, unfortunately, do I put up that womanly defense, to say I have done nothing to do?
Why can one desire too much of a good thing?
Why, God forgive me.
Why then, God’s soldier be he?
Why then, good night indeed.
Why is he alive?
Why then, lead on.
Why then, let me fall your horrible pleasure.
Why are you so deceived?
Why then, tell me whether you will or not.
Why then, beef, and let the mustard rest.
Why then, the devil gives him good of it!
Why then, the mustard without the beef.
Why then, you have it.
Why then, so it is: You must prepare your bosom for his knife.
Why then, to you, you have a treasure house.
Why is that so awake?
Why then, you are in love.
Why?
Why then, your other senses become imperfect by your eyes' anger.
Why then, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
Why, loss upon loss!
Why will my lord do so?
Why will you make her cry, Signior Baptista, for this fiend of hell and make her bear the penance of her tongue?
Why do you not eat the leaves that want their sap?
Why would you be so fond of beating the bonny prizer of the humorous duke?
Why are the two crowns of the egg?
Why,
Why, am I not right, old Jephthah?
Why is a cockle or a walnut shell?
Why is it good to be sad and say nothing?
Why, it is not possible.
Why are some born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrown upon them?
Why, a horse.
Why, all our ranks are broken.
Why, all these should be in the lanthorn, because all these are in the moon.
Why, and I trust I will go too, may I?
Why, Antony.
Why, anything.
Why, old fellow?
Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric?
Why, as I told you, is a custom with him, I am going to sleep after lunch.
Why, at her father’s.
Why, ay.
Why, because he was mad.
Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord.
Why, bride!
Why, but many men have more hair than wit.
You are now well enough.
Why, by making him uncapable of Othello’s place: knocking out his brains.
Why do not your courtier’s hands sweat?
Why does not every earthly thing cry shame upon her?
Why, Dromio?
Why, every day, tomorrow.
Why, do you well, King.
Why, do you well.
Why, farewell, Portia.
Why, Fool?
Why, too.
Why, too.
Why, friends, you go to do you know what.
Why, sweet, you will not see anything like that.
Why, get you gone!
Why give it to my wife and get your money.
Why, Gloucester, Gloucester, I would speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Why, go to bed, and sleep.
Why, go to that.
Why, God will send more, if the man is thankful.
Why, sir?
Why, he drinks you with a drink of your Dane dead drunk
Why, he had none.
Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.
Why, he is the Prince’s jester, a very dull fool, only his gift is to create impossible slanders.
Why, he will never wake up until the great Judgment Day.
Why, he who cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death.
He was greeted as mad as the vexed sea, singing aloud, crowned with rank fumiter and furrow-weeds, with burdocks, hemlocks, nettles,
Why, he is a devil, a devil, a fiend.
Why, headstrong liberty is thrown with sorrow.
Why, here is his morning story right now? These two Antipholuses, these two Dromios, one in semblance—besides her urging of her wreck at sea—These are the parents to these
Why, here he comes, swelling like a turkey-cock.
Why, here is the note of the fashion to testify.
Why, there is no crab, and therefore look not sour.
Why, horns, which you are begging for to behold to your wives.
Why, how now, Adam?
Why, how now, Charmian?
Why, how do you now, count, where are you sad?
Why, how now, cousin!
Why, how now, daughter Katherine?
Why, how now, Dromio.
Why, how now, Hecate!
Why, how now, Juliet?
Why, how now, Kate!
Why, how now, monsieur?
Why, how now, Stephano?
Why, how now?
Why should she be murdered?
Why, I am glad I did.
Why, sorry for you, gentle Silvius.
Why, I am sure, if he forfeits you will not take his flesh.
Why, I can buy twenty at any market.
Why, I have eat none yet.
Why, I pray you, is “pig” great?
Why, I pray you?
Why, I said nothing.
Why, I think.
Why, I will see you at Philippi.
Why, i'm faith, methinks she is too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise?
If you never was at court, you never saw good manners
If two gods play a heavenly match, and on the wager lay two earthly women, and one woman, there must be something else to do with the other, for the poor rude world, Hath not her fellow.
Why, in good time.
Why is it not news to hear about Petruchio’s coming?
Why is this not better now than groaning for love?
Why, it has bay windows as transparent as barricadoes, and the clerestories toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony.
Why, it stood by her.
Why, know you have any harm to him?
Why, lady!
Why, let her except, before she was excepted.
Why, look at you as you storm!
Why, love, I say.
Why, madam, have I offered love for this, to be so flouted in this royal presence?
Why, madam, if I was your father’s dog, you should not use me.
Why, man, he is a colossus, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves.
Why, man, he is a very devil.
Why, man, I saw Bassanio under sail?
Why, man, they made love to this job.
Why, man, what is the matter?
Why, man?
Why, man?
Why, one asks?
Why, mistress, I am sure my master is horny.
Why, my boy?
Why, my young cousin?
Why, sir.
Why, no.
Why, now I see there is a lot of stumbling in you, and even from this moment on, to build on you a better opinion than ever before.
Why, now, as fast as she can marry us?
Why now blow wind, swell billow and swim bark?
Why, one who swears and lies.
Why, or for what, the nobles were committed is unknown to me, my gracious lord.
Why, our battalia treble that account.
Why, right, you are right.
Why, Rosalind!
Why, do you not?
Why, will we turn to men?
Why, she does not borrow anything from them.
Why, she is like me to Christian.
Why, she has a face of her own.
Why, she is there.
Why, she was dead ere he was born.
Why would she hang on him as if it had grown by what it fed on, and yet, within a month, let me not think on it.
Why, sir, a carpenter.
Why, sir, cobble you.
Why, sir, give the gods a thankful sacrifice.
Why, sir, he doesn’t come.
Why, sir, her name is a word, and to dally with that word might make my sister wanton.
Why, sir, I brought you a word an hour since the bark is distracting, and so am I, and here we wander in illusions.
Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.
Why, sir, I trust I will have to speak, and I will.
Why, sir, what is your conceit in that?
Why, sir, you have no house, no such maid, no such men as you have reckoned up, as Stephen Sly and old John Naps of Greece, And Peter Turph and Henry Pimper
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day?
Why, you did.
Why, so he does, when he delivers you from this earth’s throne to the joys of heaven.
Why, I did, but I did not look for a reply.
Why, I did.
Why, I do.
Why, so.
Why, so.
Why, stay and hear me speak.
Why, such is love’s transgression.
Why, sweet Othello, I have not deserved this.
Why, tell me, is this my Cambio?
Why, that is why he did it. I know not what he did.
Why, that is nothing.
Why, that same pale hardhearted wench, that Rosaline, tortures him so he will run sure to be mad.
Why, that the Moor gave to Desdemona, that you rob me of so often.
Why, that was he.
Why, that was a sigh.
Why, that is all.
Why, that is my dainty Ariel.
Why, that is spoken like a smuggler.
Why, that is the way to fool their preparation and conquer their absurd intentions.
Why, the end is he has lost a ship.
Why, the enemy is loud.
Why, the honest men.
Why, the hot-blooded France that took our youngest born, could be brought to kneel his throne and, squirelike, beg to keep his base life alive.
Why, the night gone by.
Why, then it is time to arm and give direction.
Why, then all Souls' Day is my body’s day.
Why, then he will say we stabbed him sleeping.
Why, let’s go back.
Why, then Othello and Desdemona return to Venice.
Why, then you can't break her to the lute?
Why, then you must.
Why is it all to you, because there is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Why then build me your fortunes on the basis of valor?
Why, then, I do not care for you.
Why, let them go alone until they are sober.
Why, then, some laugh, as, ah, ha, he!
Why, then, take no note of him, but let him go and call the rest of the watch together and thank God you are rid of a knave.
Why, then, tomorrow I will not serve you for Rosalind?
Why, then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
Why, then, we kill all our women.
Why, there then!
Why, there was a crown offered to him
Why, there, there, there, there?
Why, there is more gold.
Why, there is no remedy.
Why, therefore, fire, because I have caught extreme cold.
Why, this fellow has banished two daughters and gave the third a blessing against his will.
Why, this is a more exquisite song than the other.
Why, this is an arrant counterfeit rascal.
Why, this is evident to any formal capacity.
Why, this is excellent.
Why, this is not a boon, 'I should wear your gloves, feed on nourishing dishes, keep you warm, or sue you to make a profit to your own person.
Why, this is not Lear.
Why, it is when men are ruled by women.
Why, that is the reason I speak of.
Why, this was molded on a porringer!
Why would this make a man a man of salt, to use his eyes for garden water-pots, Ay, and laying autumn’s dust?
Why, this is a big chance to confuse him and you, your ancient, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.
Why, you have been able to make hairy men a dealer without wit.
Why, you have put him in such a dream that when he is left with a picture of it, he must run mad.
Why, you peevish sheep, what ship of Epidamnum stays for me?
Why, you say, is true.
Why, you say well.
Why, you are stupid gentleman.
Why, your godhead laid apart, is it a woman’s heart?
Why, your horn is a foot, and so long am I, at least.
Why, to keep one’s eyes on either side’s nose open, he may spy in what a man cannot smell out.
Why not put a head in, and not give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case.
Why, true, he means to make a puppet of you.
Why, uncle, is a shame.
Why, very well then.
Why, we still handle our ewes, and their fells, you know, are greasy.
Why, we have galls, and though we have some grace, we have some revenge.
Why, we will make him mad.
Why, well.
Why, what a king is this?
Why, what a monstrous fellow you are, to rail on one that is neither known of you nor knows you!
Why, what an assailant I am!
Why, what an intricate impeach is this!
Why, what are you?
Why, what can you tell me, my boy?
Why, what did I do?
Why, what effects of passion show her?
Why, what else?
Why, what is your name, tailor, who calls you this?
Why, what is that for you?
Why, what is Tybalt?
Why, what makes you here?
Why, what should be the fear?
Why, what should you fear?
Why, what would you do?
Why, what would you do before I go?
Why, what you will.
Why is it a moveable?
Why, what is the matter?
Why, what is the matter?
Why, why?
Why, how long will we go?
Why, Adam, would you have me go?
Why would she not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch?
Why, who is it?
Why, why?
Why, would you?
Why would that have mended my hair?
Why, you gave me no gold!
Why, you have not yet spoken that.
Why, you speak like a quiet watchman, because I cannot see how sleeping should offend me.
Why, you speak truth.
Why, you were with him, were you not?
Why, Cassio.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Widow Dido?
Wife, children, servants, all that could be found.
Wife!
Will you not be surprised by what is here?
Will you not be able to walk with your highness?
Will you not be pleased with these conserved treasures?
Will you be able to wash your hands?
Will Caesar speak?
Will either of you challenge him?
Will he bring his power?
Will he tell us what this show meant?
Will it ever be?
Will it eat me?
Will it give place to flexure and low bending?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Will it not be received when we have marked with blood those sleepy two of his own chambers and used their daggers, that they have done it?
Will it be?
Will money buy 'em?
Will he?
Will King Richard not let me speak with him?
Will the ladies be afeard of the lion?
Will not the mayor and his brethren come to the city?
Will she go to bed now?
Will they not say that after that, if they should grow to common players (as it is most like if their means are no better), their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession?
Will they not continue to sing the quality of the music they can sing?
Will you be married, motley?
Will you be patient?
Will you come to you?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Will you refuse me now?
Will you be with me tomorrow?
Will you send us here under this tree, or will we go with you to your chapel?
Will you force me to a world of cares?
Will you give her o'er?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or else will I?
Will you hear this news, Signior?
Will you go hunting, my lord?
Will you go to the course?
Will you go to them?
Will you go with me?
Will you go, coz?
Will you go, sister?
Will you go?
Will you go?
Will you grant me that Ferdinand is drowned?
Will you have her?
Will you have me, lady?
Will you have some more sauce to your leek?
Will you hear it again?
Will you hear me, Roderigo?
Will you hear the letter?
Will you help?—An ass-head, a coxcomb, and a knave, a thin-faced knave, a gull!
Will you sail, sir?
Will you know them then?
Will you lead, lords?
Will you let it fall?
Do you mock an ancient tradition begun upon an honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of predeceased valor and do not avouch in your words?
Will you not tell me who told you so?
Will you play on this pipe?
Will you be pleased with me?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears?
Will you shog off?
Will you speak well of him who killed your cousin?
Will you stay for awhile?
Will you sup there?
Will you sup with me tonight, Casca?
Will you tell me that?
Will you think so?
Will you be able to do this?
Will you two help you to get them ready?
Will you walk in to see their gossiping?
Will you walk towards him?
Will you walk, sir?
Will you withdraw?
Will you give up and this will prevent you from being destroyed?
Will you, I pray, ask that the demi-devil snared my soul and body?
Will you give me any service to the world’s end?
William, sir.
Will I break my heart?
Will you come?
Wilt you at Ninny’s tomb meet me straight?
Will you be gone?
Will you be lord of the whole world?
Will you be pleased to hear again the suit I made to you?
Will you change your fathers?
Will you destroy him then?
Will you go to bed, Malvolio?
Wilt you have me?
Do you have music?
Do you know what I wrote?
Wilt you lay hands on me, villain?
Will you lift Olympus up?
Will you make a trust a fraud?
Do you have to answer, man?
I pray you, Nurse, say I.
Wilt you provoke me?
You are damned?
Wilt you set your foot o' my neck?
Do you show your wealth in a moment?
Do you need them to make a rescue?
You, O God, fly from such gentle lambs and throw them in the entrails of the wolf?
Wilt you, Silvius?
Wilt you, Strato?
Win me and wear me!
Wine loved me deeply, diced dearly, and in a woman who was outraged by the Turk.
Winterwear must be lined, and Rosalind must be slender.
Wipe thin eyes.
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile.
Wisdom!
I am a little sloppy and slow.
I will not be rewarded while I am king of this country.
I will gossip at this feast with my heart.
I am so inclined to hear him.
With all my heart, and it is so joyous to see you become so penitent.
With all my heart, good youth.
With all my heart, you can get a wife.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
I am so heartbroken that you will have three or four of you go to give him courteous conduct to this place.
With an eye of green in ’t.
With anger, sickness, or hunger, my lord, not with love.
And another, for tying his new shoes with old ribbon?
With any strong or vehement importunity.
The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler, which Charles threw him and broke three of his ribs in a moment, that there is little hope of life in him.
With Cassio, mistress.
With cunning, you have sat my daughter’s heart and turned her obedience (which is due to me) to stubborn harshness.
With Demetrius.
I have a niece who is drinking.
With duty and desire, we follow you.
With good acceptance of his Majesty—except that there was not enough time to hear, as I perceived his Grace would fain have done, the severals and unhidden passages of his true titles to some certain du
With her, on her, what you will.
I sent the queen, my reason for that, and they are ready tomorrow or at further space t' appear where you will hold your session.
With him is Gratiano gone along.
With him?
He is full of anger.
He is full of news.
With his own bolt, the strong-based promontory I made shake, and by the spurs plucked up the pine and cedar, graves at my command have waken their sleepers, oped, and let me
When lawyers are in the vacation, they sleep between term and term, and then they do not see how time moves.
With the meditating that she must die once, I have the patience to endure it now.
With much more sorrow, I see the fight more than you.
With naught but truth.
It is time to get out of work and throws some out every minute.
With no less religion than if you could be my Rosalind.
It is not a sauce that can be made to it.
I came to woo with one fool’s head, but I go away with two.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
With robbers' hands my hospitable favors, you should not ruffle so.
With Rosaline, my ghostly Father?
With the sweetest touches, you can pierce your mistress' ear and draw her home with music.
With the earl here, sir.
With the help of a surgeon, he could still recover and prove an act.
With the same 'havior that your passion bears goes on my master’s grief.
With this strange virtue, he has a heavenly gift of prophecy, and sundry blessings hang around his throne, that speak him full of grace.
My lord, I have naught to do with this.
What is the addition?
I mean, and so do they.
What a sigh did he give to you?
What is your name of God?
Who is there with you?
Who is there with whom?
Draw you, wretched Margaret.
Withdraw, my lord.
Within a month, she had left the salt of the most unrighteous tears in her eyes.
I set him up within my sword’s length
I will lay his bones tonight in my tent like a soldier, or ordered honorably.
We have a list of those who served Mark Antony but were late enough to get him in.
Within the infant rind of this small flower Poison has a residence and medicine power.
If you find yourself in the middle of our court as twenty miles away, you die for it.
I will hear you say that Cassio is not alive.
I expect to return three times the value of this bond within these two months.
Within this half hour he will be asleep.
I was his bondman, but he, I thank him, gnawed in two my cords.
I will be in the evening.
In this roof, the enemy of all your graces lives.
Within this three hours Juliet will wake.
I mean, a grove.
I have heard that without contradiction.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Without you to know your pleasure, my lord.
Witless else her son.
Witness you that he is invisible.
Witness, you constantly burn lights above, You elements that clip us round, Witness that Iago gives up the execution of his wit, hands, heart, to wronged Othello’s service.
Oh, ha, ho!
Too late, you say, is it your will?
We will be able to shed this expensive blood.
We will go to the land that is governed by a child.
Oh, sorry!
We are not going to wear all your followers out.
Woe, woe for England!
Women are made to bear, and you are the same.
Women’s gentle brain could not drop forth such giant-rude invention, such Ethiop words, blacker in their effect than in their countenance.
Wonder not to be grieved.
Wonder until more warranted.
It is heavy.
Why isn’t it fast?
Woo?
Why do you tear yourself?
Do you fight well?
Woo?
I wowed me to steal it, but she loves the token, because he conjured her and she should ever keep it.
Words before blows.
Words without thoughts never go to heaven.
Words, words, words.
Work, work your thoughts, and there is a besieged man.
World, world, O world!
Worst and worse!
Worst and worse.
Worthy spoken, Maecenas.
Worthy gentleman!
Worthy Macbeth, we stay at your leisure.
Worthy Montano, you were not civil.
Worthy Othello, I am hurt to danger.
I know it.
What are you doing, my lord?
Wouldn’t have been done!
Would not have been done.
He had been a good man.
Would all be good, but it will never be.
Would he refuse his letter, said he?
Would he have stolen from sleeping Hermia?
Would he not be a comfort to our travels?
Would I be able to answer this question with the same kind of comfort.
Would I have met my dearest foe in heaven or ever seen that day, Horatio.
Would I have two coxcombs and two daughters.
Would I ever see that man?
I feel a grief that smears my heart at root.
Would I have been able to load him with his desert?
Would I be assured of my condition.
Would I be in an alehouse in London?
Would I be satisfied!
Would I sleep and be so happy to rest.
Would I be so.
Would it be better, madam, than I am?
Would it not be a grieving woman to be overpowered with a piece of valiant dust?
Would it not make one weep?
Would it be a day!
Would it be poisonous for your sake?
Wouldn’t Katherine have seen him ever?
Would none other than I raped my cousin’s death.
Wouldn’t they speak?
Would she never have given you permission to come!
Would she be heard at my feet and the ducats in her coffin?
Would he keep a quiet quarter with his bed?
Would that be my fault?
Wouldn’t he be gone?
Would the night come!
Wouldn’t they have stayed?
Would they be basilisks to kill you?
Would you and those thugs have prevailed once to make me fight at land?
Would you be ruled by me?
Would you buy her, that you ask for her?
would you create me new?
Would you like lime and hair to speak better?
Would you never have seen him!
Would you not have me honest?
Would you not swear, all you see her, that she was a maid by these exterior shows?
Would you praise Caesar, say “Caesar.”
Would you be sick?
Would you bear your fortune like a man?
Would you, the supervisor, beg you to be a bit too far away, behold she is topped?
Wouldn’t?
Would you be a little sloppy with me?
Would you betray me?
Would you do so for all the world?
Would you do so for all the world?
Would you give me all?
Would you have that which you value is the ornament of life, and live a coward in your own esteem, letting “I do not want to” wait on “I would, ” like the poor cat i'
Wouldn’t you be glad to have the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by some shame?
Would you withdraw it?
He will be able to wrench his sword from him.
Wrinkles forbid!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”
Write down Prince John as a villain.
Write from us to him.
Write loyal cantons of contemned love and sing them loud even in the dead of night.
Write me a prologue, and let the prologue seem to say we will do nothing with our swords, and that Pyramus is not killed.
Write them together, your name is as fair as you are.
Write to him a letter of adieus and greetings.
Write to me very soon, and you will understand her mind.
He has done something wrong, and blames the blame.
Isn’t I mine enemies?
She was born.
You have ungtly, Brutus, Stole from my bed.
You are a bag, the Slys are no rogues.
Yare, lower, lower!
Yare, yare, good Iras, quick.
Ye gods, it amazes me a man of such a poor temper should come to the start of the majestic world and bear the palm alone.
You say honestly.
I hear as good exclamation on your Worship as any man in the city, and although I am only a poor man, I am glad to hear it.
I will wait a while.
I paid for it.
And the text underneath is: “Here dwells Benedick the married man”?
Yea, and the best person too.
You are there, right?
I am apt to do myself wrong.
You must not show it in full until you can do it without control.
You know, by Mass, that is.
Do you jeer and flout me in the teeth?
I am alone.
I will wipe away all trivial records, all saws of books, all forms, all pressures past that youth and observation were copied there, and your commandment will live within the book and volume of my brain, unmixed
Is the worst thing?
You can take a knife to the point and choke a daw withal.
Let’s go more than Alcides’ twelve.
You are married, do you hear Balthasar?
You are right, marry, let them come before me.
You are right, marry, that is the eftest way.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can cross it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Do you want to paint himself?
When I know, Richard, I protest.
You are a signior, and you will depart when you bid me.
Yes, sir, we hope.
Yes, that was her job.
Yes, the same.
You are a force that is a force that is a force that is a force.
You should not, but she should.
Yea, you, my lord.
He says, “Do you fall on your face?
“Isn’t it on your face?
I will do this every year.
Yes.
Yes, Emilia.
Yes, a dozen people, and as many people to a point of view as they would store the world they played for.
Yes, and will do until the swells of death shake him.
Yes, as sparrows eagles, or as the hare the lion.
Yes, being kept together and put to use.
Yes, bring me word, boy, if your lord looks good, because he went sickly forth.
Yes, by heaven!
Yes, by Saint Anne, ginger will be hot in the mouth too.
Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, and much offense too.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement: God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, certainly, and out of doubt and out of question, too.
Yes, faith, and all his lords, the Duke of Milan and his brave son being twain.
Yes, faith, I will, Fridays and Saturdays and all.
Yes, faith.
Yes, gracious madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I have gained my experience.
Yes, I will do so.
Yes, I know you are Signior Lucentio.
Yes, in truth, sir.
Yes, it is apparel.
Yes, just.
Yes, madam, he was of that consort.
Yes, madam.
Yes, marry, sir.
Yes, my conscience, He did us great good.
Yes, nightingales answer a few questions.
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Yes, one, and in this way.
Yes, other men have a bad luck.
Yes, Shylock, I will seal this bond.
Yes, sir, but anger has a privilege.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
Yes, something you can refuse for your own safety: you have been a great thief by sea.
Yes, sooth, and you.
Yes, the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you did, sir, and you wore it too.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, for look you, the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you have seen Cassio and she together.
Yes.
If the plague is to greats, they are less likely to be the base.
Again?
Am I noble as the adversary I come to deal with?
I saw the treasons planted at the first.
You can do not do anything to protect yourself.
Benedick was another man, and now he is a man.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
But three?
Caesar will go forth, for all these predictions are to the world in general.
I can bear that too, well, very well.
He may hear what I would speak about.
I do not use my horse for my mistress, or any other proverb so little kin to the purpose.
Edmund was beloved.
I can’t afford to die better than to die well, and not to be my master’s debtor.
I have left a daughter.
He has never known himself as a man.
He looks good.
You can hear me speak.
Oh, countrymen.
Here she is allowed to be a virgin, her strewns, and the bringing home of bell and burial.
But here, Laertes?
Here is a spot.
He is in his supposition.
If you think it is appropriate, or that it is possible, give me some brief discourse with Desdemona alone.
I can only laugh to think it should leave crying and say “ay.” And yet, I warrant, it had a bump as big as a young cockerel’s stone, a dangerous knock, and she 
I hate Orlando.
I have known those who have slept in their sleep who have died in their beds.
I have not seen a ambassador of love.
I insisted on you, but you answered not, but with a furious waft of your hand, I will leave you.
I love you too.
I am convinced that he is truthful.
I profess with it by counsel.
I should kill you with a lot of love.
I suppose he is virtuous, he is noble, of great estate, of fresh and stainless youth.
I will be a kid.
I will not shed her blood, nor scar that whiter skin than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster.
If you say Antony lives, is well, or is friends with Caesar, or not captive to him, I will set you in a shower of gold and hail Rich pearls upon you.
If you were there, you would be my question.
If you did, it would not be much of a surprise to me.
If you are a signior, walk aside with me.
It was said that I should not be the root of many kings.
Keep the French on the field.
Leave our cousin Katherine here with us.
Let me beg you for a loss.
I was a little bit swollen when Cupid fell.
We must not put the law on him.
I know one thing.
If any friend will pay the sum for him, he will not die.
He holps the heavens to rain.
Put it out, because I would not be seen.
I say he is in love.
She must die, and she will betray more men.
That is a slap on the ground, because we have locks to protect the thieves and traps to catch the thieves.
The gold bides still are that others touch, and often touch will wear gold
I found this credit that he went to the town to seek me out.
They are not joined.
I will not do this, but I will do what I can.
This is your harmless fairy, monster.
You killed my children.
You are the only one who is in the bleak air.
You can touch this sparsely, as far away as you thought.
What is it when one cannot repent?
He speaks them to those who hear them.
I would have thought that this stroke would be the worst!
I would not have done so, Durst I have done my will.
You are a little slammed.
You began to be rude.
You have all the vantage of her wrong.
You will be hanged for being so long absent.
You, the murderer, look as bright, as clear as Venus in her glimmering sphere.
He has a great med’cine who has gilded you with his tincture.
You have to forgive me, God, that I do so.
If you are out, sir, I can help you.
He should not be afraid of him, unless he showed it to his army.
When I saw it last, it was as black as Vulcan in the smoke of war.
If we can sit an hour to serve, we would spend it in some words on that business, if you would give the time.
Yield, cur.
I know it, I know it.
Yon ribaudred nag of Egypt—Whom leprosy o’ertake!—i was fighting when a breeze came upon her, like a cow in June, and she sails and 
Ill-favored island carrions become the morning field.
The cloud, yond a huge cloud, looks like a foul bombardment that would shed his liquor.
Yonder comes my master, your brother.
Yonder, you know they are coming.
They lie, the poor old man their father making such a pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part in weeping.
Yonder, sir, he walks.
You are a man?
You advise me well.
You all saw that on the Lupercal I gave him a kingly crown, which he refused.
You know this mantle.
You end up always with a jade’s trick.
You amaze me.
You appeared to me, but as a common man.
You are a councilor.
You are a counterfeit knave.
You are a fishmonger.
You are a fool.
You are a fool. You, niece, are a fool.
You are a lover.
You are a merry man, sir.
You are a royal, and we obey you.
You are a savage boy.
You are a senator!
You are a spirit, I know.
You are almost a frightened man.
You are an ass, you are an ass!
You are as well as any prince in the world.
You are both sure, and will help me?
You are deceived.
You are dull, Casca, and those sparks of life that should be in a Roman you do not want, or you do not use it.
You are early stirring.
You are full of pretty answers.
You are gentlemen of bravery.
You are he, you are he.
You are the right person, sir, for my mistress.
You are idle, shallow things.
You are right.
You are called, asked and sought for in the great chamber.
You are a merry lord.
You are my elder.
You are my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the ruddy drops that visit my sad heart.
You are naught, you are naught.
You are not ignorant of what excellence Laertes is.
You are not Pinch’s patient, are you, sir?
You are not wood, you are not stones, but men.
You are not Cassius.
You are now out of your text.
You are now on your way to the extreme.
You are passing welcome, and I pray you all to think yourself.
You are pictures out of door, bells in your parlors, wild-cats in your kitchens, saints in your injuries, devils being offended, housewifes in your housewifery, and housew
You are a solitary person, as much as you are loving yourself than a lover of any other person.
You are resolute.
You are the lord of duty.
You are their heir, you sit on their throne, the blood and courage that renown them run in your veins.
You are there followed by a faithful shepherd.
You are thought to be the most sinless and fit man for the constable of the watch
You are to blame, my lord, for saying so.
You are too hot.
You are too indulgent.
You are too bad in this king.
You are unkind, Demetrius.
You are very sensible, and yet you miss my sense.
You are very welcome, sir.
You are very well met.
You are welcome for his sake.
You are welcome to Elsinore.
You are welcome, masters, welcome, all!
You are welcome, sir, to Cyprus.
You are welcome, sir.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are well fleshed out.
You are, and do not know.
You are beastly, you have no reverence.
You know the place best.
You want me to make it in order and well, according to the fashion and the time.
You break jests as braggarts do their blades, which, God is merciless, hurt not.
You bring me out.
You call me a misbeliever, a cutthroat dog, and spet upon my Jewish gaberdine—and all for using what is my own.
You can do better yet, but this is a bit of a joke.
You can fool me out of money at this throw.
You can be employed better, Bassanio, than to live still and write mine epitaph.
You can’t feed capons like that.
You can't revel in dukedoms there.
If my heart was in your hand, you will not be able to do so while I am in my custody.
You cannot, sir, take from me anything I will more willingly participate with—except my life, except my life, except my life.
You have cataracts and hurricanoes, spouting till you have drenched our steeples, drowned the cocks!
You charge me injustly.
You are cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers who bear this heavy mutual load of moan, and now cheer each other in their love.
You come to your hour with the most attention.
You are not like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me and you say, “Shylock, we would have moneys.” You say so!
You come with letters against the king and take Vanity the puppet’s part against the royalty of her father.
You could never do him so badly unless you were the man.
You could, for a need, study a speech of about dozen or sixteen lines that I would set down and insert in ’t.
You cram these words into my ears against my stomach.
You do not want to be friends with me than fight with mine enemy.
You knew how much you were my conqueror and that my sword, made weak by my affection, would destroy it for all causes.
You did.
You do not get bored.
You help the storm.
You do it only dally.
You do not want to leave these thoughts of horror more than you will find in Caesar.
You love my lord.
You do me wrong to take me out of my grave.
You mistake me, sir.
You do not mistake your business.
You do not want to be disappointed with the play.
You remember all the circumstances?
You draw me, you are hard-hearted.
You have not tried him.
You are too willing to take your charge.
You are all English princes, I will be glad to you.
You envy my advancement, and my friends.
You always gentle gods, take my breath from me.
You forget to hedge me in.
You gentle Romans— Peace, ho!
You go to seek the Lord Hamlet.
You had a musty victual, and he has holp to eat it.
You have a daughter called Elizabeth, who is fair and fair, royal and gracious.
You have killed a sweet and innocent lady among you.
You have among you many a purchased slave, which you use in abject and slavish parts because you bought them.
You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.
You have astonished him.
You have been a factious one against the other.
You have been called for.
You have been borne.
You have broken the article of your oath, which you will never have tongue to charge me.
You have dancing shoes with nimble soles.
You have displaced the mirth, broken the good meeting, with most admired disorder.
You have done that, and you should be sorry for it.
You have done well by water.
You have done well, that men must lay their murders on your neck.
You have forgotten the will I told you.
You have good judgment in horsemanship.
You have heard him swearing downright.
You have heard much.
You have her father’s love, Demetrius.
You have it full, Benedick.
You have killed a sweet lady, and her death will be heavy on you.
You have known what you should not do.
You have little reason to say so.
You have lost no reputation unless you are a loser.
You have loved him well.
You have made me offer Of Sicily, Sardinia.
You have me, have you not?
You have my consent.
You have no stomach, Signior.
You have been abed, then?
You have not called me, nor you have caused me to do so.
You have not seen anything like tis.
You have obtained it.
You have stood out against your brother, and he has ta'en you newly into his grace, where it is impossible to take true root, but by the fair weather that you make yourself.
You have prevailed.
You have put him down, lady, you have put him down.
You have said now.
You have said, but whether wise or not, let the forest judge.
You have said, sir.
You have seen cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You have seen nothing then?
You have served me well, and kings have been your fellows.
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate.
You have some reason
You have spoken more true than you intended.
You have kept me happy.
You have taken it wiser than I meant you should.
You have told me she has received them and returned me expectations and comforts of sudden respect and acquaintance, but I find none.
You have too much wit for me.
You have too much respect for the world.
You have trained me like a peasant, obscuring and hiding me all gentlemanlike qualities.
You have, my lord.
You hear him all night.
You hear how he importates me.
You hear the suit.
You heard her say it was not I.
You jig and amble, and you lisp, you nickname God’s creatures and make your ignorance a bad thing.
You keep the legions and the horse whole, do you?
You kill me to deny it.
You kiss by your book.
You knew my father well, and in him I left him solely heir to all his land and goods, which I have bettered than decreased.
You knew nothing so well, none so well as you, of my daughter’s flight.
You know he does.
You know I gave it to you even now.
You know I have given it a half hour since.
You know I do not say anything to him, because he does not understand me or I him.
You know me by my habit.
You know me well, and here I am, for the rest of my life, unable to tell you how much I love.
you know me well.
You know me well.
You know my mind.
You know no Centaur?
You know not how to choose a man.
You know not what you do.
You know that he is not a good man or a bad man.
You know not why we came to visit you, but we are going to leave the season, swindling nightlights.
You know he walks sometimes four hours together in the lobby.
You know that I held Epicurus strong and his opinion.
You know that you are Brutus who speak this, or that this speech was your last.
You know the character to be your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
You know, he brought me out of favor with my lady about a bear-baiting here.
You have a man’s heart.
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.
You lie out on a cliff, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
You lie up to the hearing of the gods.
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you had something more to say.
You look bad, Signor Antonio.
You look pale, and gaze, and put on fear, and cast yourself in wonder to see the strange impatience of the heavens.
You look sneezy.
You love me.
You make me study that.
You are a slain man.
You may as well do anything most hard, as you try to soften that—that is what is harder?
You may as well turn the sun to ice with a peacock’s feather in his face.
You may say that is a valiant flea who tries to eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You may be pleased to catch mine up by what happened here.
You may be just, whatever I will think.
You can do that in time.
You may do your will, but he is a tried and valiant soldier.
You may gather more.
You may go to the devil’s dam.
You may have a very good occasion for it.
You may light on a husband who has no beard.
You may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.
You can tell every finger I have with my ribs.
You may think I love you.
You may think you are in love.
You may, sir.
You mean to bear me, not to bear with me. Uncle, my brother mocks you and me.
You, Cyprus men, let her have your knees.
You might do much.
You might have come before.
You might have saved me my pains to have taken it away yourself.
You are your customers, you are your customers.
You mistake, sir, you mistake.
You have a mistake, sir.
You mock me, madam.
You mock me, sir.
You must leave tonight.
You have to be patient for awhile.
You must be father to your brother’s daughter, and give her to young Claudio.
You must bear with me.
You must call the watch that are their accusers.
You must not be right.
You have to have patience, madam.
You must leave it.
You have to give your reason, Sir Andrew.
You cannot refuse me.
You must not look so sour.
You should not stay here longer.
You must not think I am so simple, but I know that the devil himself will not eat a woman.
You should not think that I am drunk.
You must not, sir, mistake my niece.
You must note that we have tried the most of our friends, our legions are brim-full, our cause is ripe.
You must play Pyramus.
You must say “paragon.” A “paramour” is, God bless us, a thing of naught.
You must sing this nothing more than matter.
You must think this, look you, that the worm will do his job.
You must go to Parthia.
You must translate.
You do not need to fear any of these lords.
You cannot tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames into her scornful eyes!
You or any man living in a city can be drunk at a time, man.
You pay him then.
You are a peasant.
You, peers, continue this united league.
You praise yourself by laying me wrongdoing, but you have patched up your excuses.
You have not received gold?
You rise to play and go to bed to work.
You rub the snort when you should bring the plaster.
You said the enemy would not come down, but keep the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh upon you?
You saw they speak us fair, give us gold.
You say he ate at home
You say that is not right, old man.
You say that God will be doing it.
You say well.
You say you are a better soldier.
You say you do not know the lady’s mind.
You have the heart to tell me so, and therefore you cannot have the heart to do it.
You see a head of your own, do you?
You see her eyes open.
You can see how easily she may be surprised.
You see how old he is.
You see how simple and fond I am.
You see me here, you gods, a poor old man, as ill as age, and so ill as ill as both.
You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I am.
You sent me a rope to the end of the ropes as soon as possible.
You sent me to the bay for a bark.
You will advise me in all cases for Cleopatra.
You will be a woodmonger and buy nothing of me but cudgels.
You will be king.
You will be more beloving than you will be beloved.
You will be sent soon with fair conditions.
You will close prisoner until you know the nature of your fault to the Venetian state.
You will admit that you are both deceived.
You will do great, good, and wisely, before you visit him, to ask about his behavior.
You will do little to respect, show too bold malice against the grace and person of my master, Stocking his messenger.
You will find me apt enough to do that, sir, so that you will give me a chance.
You will have anything.
You have gold to pay the petty debt twenty times over.
You will have left.
You will have letters from me to my son, to meet you on the way.
You will have letters from me to some friends that will be able to help you.
You will have none of them, sir, because I will try to see if they can lick their fingers.
You will have a ransom.
You will have some part of your will.
You will have the mustard, or you will not get beef of Grumio.
You will have time to wrangle when you have nothing to do.
You will have enough wine, my lord, anon.
You will hear me.
You will hear more about it until midnight.
You will hear more.
You will know more hereafter.
You will mark a knave that wears his time like his master’s ass as a knave, and when he is old, he will be scathing.
You will never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue.
You will not choose to drink before you go.
You will not find the least reason for what you seem to fear.
You will not know what we do tonight.
You will not go, my lord.
You will not go.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but speak all good you can devise of Caesar, and say you do not by our permission.
You will not be able to bond with me.
You will not be stifling from your house today.
You will play it in a mask, and you will be able to speak as small as you can.
You will read the will, Caesar’s will.
You will see how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You will try to do it only one fall.
You will, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time o'clock.
You should be governed and led by some discretion that discerns your state better than you.
You should have reprehended him.
You should hear reason.
You should have accosted her with some excellent tassels, fire-new from the mint, and banged the youth into dumbness.
You slave, you cur!
You speak all your part in one place, and you will be able to do it all.
You do not speak as you think.
You speak to me to fetch me in.
You speak to Casca, and that is a man who is not a slander.
You speak too bitterly.
You have not spoken with her since?
You have spurned me to do so, and he will spurn me to do so.
You are amazed, but be of comfort.
You stand.
You stayed well in Egypt.
You strike my people, and your disordered rabble makes servants of their betters.
You are a sulfate and thought-executing fire, a sulfate sulfate of oak-cleaving thunderbolts, and I will spit my white head!
You sunburnt sicklemen of August weary, come hither from the furrow and be merry.
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it till your death, and that it should lie with you in your grave.
You take my house when you take the prop that sustains my house.
You take my life when you take the means where I live.
You take pleasure in the message?
You can take your pennyworths now.
You talk!
You tallow face!
You taught me to beg, and now you think you teach me how to beg a beggar.
You taught me language, and my profit is that I know how to curse.
You tell us the way of the wrestling.
You have lost the same thing?
You think I will weep?
You think nothing more than your sheets are suited to your needs.
You think of him too much.
You thought he could not speak English in the native language, but he could not handle an English cudgel.
You told a lie, an odious, damned lie.
You told me that.
You told me you will not be a court, but you kiss your hands.
You touched my vein at first.
You tremble and look pale.
You know me?
You use this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the Porpentine.
You were the best to go in.
You were the best to knock louder.
You were best to tell Antonio what you hear—but do not suddenly, because it may hurt him.
You were kneeled to and imported otherwise by us all, and the fair soul herself looked at the same thing as obedience, at which end o' th' beam should bow.
You were sent for, and there is a kind of confession in your looks that your modesties have not made enough to color.
You were the word of war.
You were to blame, I must be clear with you. To make it so slightly with your wife’s first gift, a thing stuck on your finger with oaths and so riveted with faith to your flesh.
You are a drudge.
You will answer, “The slaves are ours.”
You will be schoolmaster and teach the maid: That is your device.
You will be whipped.
You will have to read the will?
You will have Gremio to keep you fair.
You will lose this wager, my lord.
You will never run mad, niece.
You will not?
You will not be surprised by it, I can tell you, there are such odds in the man.
You would have been able to prove that there is no time for all things.
You would be satisfied?
You would lift the moon out of her sphere if she continued in it five weeks without changing it.
You would say so, master, if your garments were thin.
You would seem to know my stops.
You have wronged me every way.
You wrong me more, sir, in refusing it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
You wrong me, Signior Gremio.
You have wronged yourself to write in such a case.
You, as your business and desire will point you, because every man has business and desire, as it is, and for my poor part, look you, I will go pray.
You, constable, are to present the Prince’s own person.
You, cousin.
You, mistress, all this coil is long of you.
You, Nick Bottom, are set for Pyramus.
You, Pyramus' father.—Myself, Thisbe’s father.—Snug the joiner, you, the lion’s part.—And I hope this is a play fitted.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
You, uncivil lady, have poured out my ingrate and unauspicious altars, and I will do it.
You, you, you, ay, you!
You, you, sirrah, where is my daughter?
You!
You.
You would be king o' th' isle, sir.
You will never trust his word after that. Come on, it is a foolish saying.
You will ask me why I prefer to have a weight of carrion flesh than to receive Three thousand ducats.
You will be sick tomorrow for watching this night.
You will bear me a bang for that, I fear.
You will cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down.
You will find it and you will find it, I assure you.
You will have coursers for cousins and gennets for germans.
You will have your nephews neigh to you.
You will heat my blood.
You will let us in, I hope?
You will not endure him.
You will pay me the eight shillings I won of you at betting?
You will win two days against me.
You fall into a princely hand.
You are much deceived.
You are sad, Signior Balthasar.
You are welcome here.
You are welcome, sir, and he is for your good.
You said, sir.
You have strange serpents there?
Young boys and girls are now level with men.
Young virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, and if you are away, where is your abode?
Young Edward lives
Young Fortinbras, with conquest come from Poland, give this warlike volley to England's ambassadors.
Young fry of treachery!
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?
It is not in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Young Romeo is it?
Young son, it says a distempered head so soon to bid good morrow to your bed.
Younger than she is made by happy mothers.
Younger than you here in Verona, ladies of esteem are made already mothers.
Youngling, you can't love so dear as I. Graybeard, your love freezes.
You are not a fashion for the maids in France to kiss before they are married, would she say?
Your accent is something more fine than you could purchase in a dwelling so removed.
What is your answer to that?
Your answer is enigmatical.
Your bedchamber.
You have been better than me, and if you can, you should stop your ears.
You are better, sir.
Your brother Gloucester hates you.
Your brother is only young and tender, and for your love I would be loath to foil him, as I must for my own honor if he comes in.
Your brother the Bastard is escaping from Messina.
Your brother—no, no brother—yet the son—But not the son, I will not call him son—I was about to call his father Hath, and this night he means to burn the lodging where you
Your cake there is warm inside
Your case is better.
Your castle is surprised, your wife and babes are slaughtered.
Your cause of sorrow must not be measured by his worth, because then it has no end.
Your charm is so strong that if you were to behold them, your affections would become tender.
Your children will be kings.
Your children were vexing to your youth, but mine will be a comfort to your age.
Your commission is ready.
Your constant presence Hath left you unattended.
Your cousin, my lady, makes great exceptions to your ill hours.
Your crown is awry.
Your Dane, your German, and your swag-bellied Hollander—Drink, ho!—are nothing to your English.
Your daughter here is left for dead.
Your daughter spent one night in Genoa, as I heard, in fourscore ducats.
You will be invited to your dinner and the generous islanders who are invited to join you.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters have been stoked, and are desperately dead.
Your Emperor is still a Jove.
Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet air is more tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear when wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear.
Your eyes do not threaten me.
Your eyes drop millstones, when fools' eyes drop tears.
Your face is a book where men can read strange things.
Your father had excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them.
Your father was ever virtuous, and holy men at their death have good inspirations.
Your features, Lord, warrant us!
Your fortunes are alike.
Your friends are up and buckle on their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they need the priest
Your gentleness will force more than your force will force us to gentleness.
Your goods were at host in the Centaur.
Your Grace listened to their sugared words, but not to the poison of their hearts.
Your Grace does me the greatest honors that can be desired in the hearts of his subjects.
Your grace has laid the odds on your weaker side.
Your Grace is too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace may make you feel good.
Your Grace, we think, should know his mind soon.
Your graces are rightly welcome.
Your grandfather of famous memory, an unpleased Majesty, and your great-uncle Edward the Plack Prince of Wales, as I have read in the chronicles, fought a very prave pattle here in
Your hand, Leonato.
You are right, come back.
Your heart is bursting, you have lost half your soul.
Your heart desires to be with you.
Your Highness will be a bad thing.
Your Highness told me I should post before.
Your honor calls you here.
Your honor is very welcome.
Your Honor wins bad humors.
Your Honor’s players, hearing your amendment, come to play a pleasant comedy, because so your doctors hold it very close, Seeing too much sadness has congealed your blood, and melancholy is the nurse of
Your houses!
Your husband is suffering from a shrew, which is why he is so ill.
Your lady mother is coming to your chamber.
Your lady, sir, your lady.
If he comes, you would be best to have some guard about you, for sure.
Your letters did not stop our break-up until we saw both how you were wrong and we were in danger.
Your lips will feel better the sooner.
You look pale and wild, and you will be able to import some misadventure.
Your lord knows my mind.
Your lordship is welcome back to Denmark.
Your lordship speaks of him infalliblely.
Your loss is as you, great, and you bear it as you are answering to the weight.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, 'Where is your mother?
Your love says, like a gentle gentleman, a kind man, a handsome man, and, I warrant, a virtuous woman.
Your love, as mine to you.
Your Majesty came not like you.
Your Majesty says that is very true.
Your Majesty will mock me.
You are your Majesty, hear now, saving your Majesty’s manhood, what an arrant, rascally, beggarly, lousy knave it is.
You are a wonderful man.
Your mind may change.
Your mistress bears well.
Your mistress sent me home to dinner?
Your mother.
Your name, I pray you, friend?
You are truly your name.
What are your names?
Your old smock brings a new petticoat, and the tears live in an onion that should water this sorrow.
Your overkindness wringes tears from me.
You could not keep your part in her from death, but heaven keeps his part in eternal life.
Your plainness and your shortness will make me happy.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Your power and your command are taken off and Cassio rules in Cyprus.
Your praise is too swiftly home to you.
What is your reason?
You are the reason.
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your reproof is too round.
Your royal father was murdered.
Your royal preparation makes us hear something.
Your rye-straw hats are put on, and these fresh nymphs encounter every one in country footing.
Your serpent of Egypt is now bred from your mud by the sun.
Your servant Kent.
Your servant will do so.
Your servants ever have theirs, themselves, and what is theirs in compt, to make their audit at your pleasure, and to return your own.
Your servants tend.
Your shoes are not so good.
Your sister is the better soldier.
Your son and daughter found this trespass worth the shame that it suffers here.
Your son will have my daughter with consent.
Your son, my lord, has paid a soldier’s debt.
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes, in which so many smiling Romans bathed, signs that from you great Rome will suck blood, and that great men will press for tinctures, stains,
What is your sword on a woman?
Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
Your vessels and spells provide, Your charms and everything else beside them.
Your virtue is my privilege.
Your voice will be as strong as any man’s voice in the quest for new dignities.
You are shorter.
Your wife and brother made wars upon me, and their contestation was theme for you.
Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes, will not be able to make a decision on Demuring.
Your wife would give you little thanks for that if she would hear you make the offer.
You have a plan?
Your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids could not fill up the cistern of my lust, and my desire to see all continent obstacles o'erbear that did not oppose my
Your Worship is deceived.
Your worship speaks like a very thankful and reverent youth, and I praise God for you.
Your worship was wont tell me that I could do nothing without a bid.
Your friend and Launcelot, sir.
Your worth is very dear in my opinion.
Your wrongs do not cause a scandal on my sex.
You are by this hand.
You are in the ranks of death.
You are, if you talk of tales.
You, yours.
Youth to itself rebels, though none else is near.
Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat to scratch a man to death!
Zounds, he dies!
Zounds, hold your peace.
Zounds, I will not be able to do more.
You are robbed, sir.
Who is there?
