I am going to strike you when you speak.
A beast, no more.
A beggar, brother?
A better example, I say.
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours.
A bitter fool.
A blank, my lord.
A blessed labor, my sovereign lord.
A braggart, a rogue, a villain who fights by the book of arithmetic.
A brave vessel with some noble creature in her was thrown to pieces.
A bridegroom, what do you say?
A calendar, a calendar!
A carrion death, within which there is a written scroll.
He took a certain aim at a fair throne throned by the west and loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow.
I am facing a challenge.
We are fighting for a man, and as the president of my kingdom, we will be there for a man.
I am sure it is a commodity. Come on, we will obey you.
A conduit, girl?
A contagious breath.
A contract of true love to celebrate, and some generous donation to the estate of the blessed lovers.
A Cornish name.
A man could never be able to survive a carnation.
A coward, a very devout coward, religious in it.
A credulous father and a brother noble—whose nature is so far from doing harms that he does not suspect any of them.
What is a crow without feathers?
A cup, closed in my true love’s hand?
A damned death!
A daughter?
A dear happiness to women.
A deed without a name.
A devil, a born devil who can't stick to nature, and who I have taken my pains, humanly taken, all, all,
A devil!
I am witnessing a terrible induction, and I will go to France hoping the consequences will be bitter, black, and tragic.
A dog from that house will move me to stand.
A dollar.
A dream itself is only a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
A dry sneeze, sir.
A good name.
A fair woman.
A false conclusion.
A fiend like you could bring my soul to hell.
A fig!
She is a fine woman.
A fire, good Curtis.
A flatterer's would not, even though they appear as large as high Olympus.
I am a foe to tyrants, and my country’s friend.
I am a foolish man, who I leave behind here.
It is a foolish thought to say a sorry sight.
A fox when one caught her and such a daughter should go to the slaughter, if my cap would buy a halter.
A friend of Antony’s.
A friend should bear his friend’s infirmities, but Brutus makes mine stronger than they are.
A friend?
A friend.
A friendly eye could never see such faults.
I will have a swashing and a martial arts class. As many other mannish cowards have, they are swashing it with their
A gentle farewell. Draw the curtains, go. Let all his skin choose me like that.
A gentle scroll.
Nurse, a gentleman who loves to hear himself talk, and will speak more in a minute than he will speak in a month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind does not stoop to show dross.
A good and virtuous nature can be a king in an imperial charge.
A good direction, warlike sovereign.
A good example!
A good knave.
A good answer.
A good man’s fortune may grow out of heels.
It is a good thing.
It is not enough to speak, but to speak true.
A good note, that keeps you from being beaten by the law.
A good old commander and a very kind gentleman.
A good persuasion.
He is a good man.
A good soft pillow for that white head would be better than a churlish turf in France.
A quick simile, but something currish.
A good woman, give it to me.
It is a good place, where there are many wards, and dungeons, Denmark being the worst.
A grandam’s name is little less in love than a mother’s title.
A grave?
A great suspicion.
I will give my cousin a greater gift than I will give.
What is a greater gift?
A greater power than we can contradict has ruined our intentions.
You are a grievous man. Yes, woman, did you do that?
I am dying a sinless death.
A halter is free, nothing else, for God’s sake.
It is a heavy sight.
I am begging for a heavy summons, but I would not sleep.
A hit, a very palpable hit.
This will be a holy day later.
A horned man is a monster and a beast.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse.
A drunken monster.
A hundred marks, my Kate puts her down.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
A joint stool.
A kind night to everyone.
A king, a king!
A king, perhaps? My lord, how could the prophet not have told me at that time that I should kill him?
A lady, sir, though it was said she resembled me, was still a beautiful woman.
Juliet lies here, and her beauty makes this vault a feasting place full of light.
A laugh.
A lean cheek, which you haven't, a blue eye and sunken eye, which you haven’t; an unquestionable spirit,
It is a likely piece of work that you should find in your room and not know who left it there.
A lioness has whelped in the streets, and graves have yawned and yielded their dead.
A little water clears us of this deed.
A little bit, by your favor.
A lord to a lord, a man to a man, stuffed with honorable virtues.
A love song, a love song.
A lover is more angry.
A sour, choking gall, and a sweet treat.
A woman never bold, so quiet and still alive that her motion shook her head.
A man is master of his freedom.
A man can see how this world goes without any eyes.
He is no more powerful than you or me, but he has grown as a man, and as fearful as these strange eruptions are.
If you had a wife with such a wit, he might say, “Wither wither?” No, you might keep that
A man, as you are.
A man, sir.
A man, young lady.
A number of our bodies will certainly find native graves, on which, I trust, we will witness the work of this day.
I will go with him. Come here, sir, and let me say a word in your ear.
A match!
A match!
A savage voice, as I am a true knight.
A merry whore, ha!
A messenger from Caesar.
A messenger from the galleys.
A mighty man from Pisa.
They are a powerful force.
A miracle!
A monster, a monster in clothing, and not like a Christian footboy or a gentleman’s lackey.
A more unhappy lady, if this division is possible, she will be begging for both of them.
I have been reminiscing about his own remembrance.
What a great miracle!
It is a manly wit, Margaret, that will not hurt a woman.
I have seen him do a miracle work in this king since my stay here in England.
A poor, credulous monster. Well drawn, monster, in good sooth!
A poor man who has been tame to fortune’s blows, who is pregnant to good pity.
A ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard.
A very scurvy monster.
A very unhappy one.
A wicked Sir Oliver, Audrey, a vile Martyr.
A night is only a small breath and a little pause to answer questions of this consequence.
A noble duke, as nature as in name.
A noble prisoner!
A noble ship of Venice has seen a grievous wreck and sufferance on most of their fleet.
A pack of blessings is shining on your back. Happiness is the best thing for you.
A pair of stocks, you rogue!
A terrible boy!
A peevish schoolboy, worthless of such honor, joined with a masker and a reveler.
A pestilent gall to me.
A piece of him.
A piece of ice.
A piece of work that will make sick men whole.
A plague kills both your houses.
A plague kills both your houses.
A plague kills both your houses.
I am a plague on the tyrant I serve.
This wrath is plagued.
A plague on you all.
You all have a plague.
There is a play there, my lord, about ten words long, which is as brief as I have known.
A pleasing cordial, princely relationship, you are sending this vow to my sick heart.
A poor, unfortunate beggar.
A poor virgin, a bad-wined thing, sir, but my own.
A pound of man's flesh taken from a man is not as valuable and profitable as meat from muttons, beefs, or goats.
A pox on your bottle.
A pox of drowning yourself.
It is a privilege to never see me again.
He was a good man.
That is a good saying.
A fight, but nothing.
Is there a fight already?
A rarer spirit never helped guide humanity, but you gods will give us some faults to make us men.
The right one is hit the most quickly.
A good markman!
He has a ring worth forty ducats, and for the same reason he promised me a necklace.
A ripe age.
A Roman.
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched, munched, and munched.
A second Daniel! A Daniel, Jew!
A segregation of the Turkish fleet.
A ship you sent me to, to hire a waftage.
A sibyl, who had numbered in the world two hundred times, sewed the work in her prophetic fury.
A sick man in sadness makes his will, a word ill for a man who is so sick.
It is a terrible sight to see in a king’s eyes.
A simple countryman who brought her figs.
I am not a single thing that wonders to hear you speak of Naples.
I beg you a sister whom no brother has ever loved so much.
A sleeve?
Your brains are useless, boiled in your skull. There are spells stopped.
A soothsayer asks you to beware of March’s landslides.
A southwest blow on you and blister you all at eleven o'clock.
He is so ashamed of himself.
I am a spirit, but I am in that womb that I was a part of.
A spirit, a spirit.
What is a spirit?
A stone-cutter or painter could not have made him so sick as they were only two years old.
A stoup of wine.
A strange fish!
A substitute shines brightly as a king until a king is here, and then his state is flooded.
A surgeon.
A sweet woman.
A sweeter and a sweeter gentleman, framed in the spirit of nature, young, valiant, wise, and, without doubt, right.
A tailor made you.
A tailor makes a man.
What is going on for me?
A third of the king’s screams cannot be matched unless the devil himself turns a Jew.
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand thousand!
It is a thousand times worse to want your light.
A thousand, sir, even if it is early, have riveted their hats and at the port expect you.
A tomb must cover your sweet eyes.
I confess.
I hope I can use it with a safe conscience, which is, indeed, a mender of bad soles.
A traveler.
A truant disposition, my lord.
A trusty villain, sir, that often, when I am dull and dull, he is bringing me joy with his merry screams.
A few minutes later I will walk to my heart.
A velvet dish.
A vengeance on your crafty hide!
A very dishonest, paltry boy, and more cowardly than a hare.
A fair way, but no friend like that.
A very fine one.
A very forward March-chick!
A gentle beast, with a good conscience.
A very handsome man.
He is honest, and as poor as the king.
That is a very mean meaning.
A very pleasing night for honest men.
A very weak monster.
A victory is twice as important when the winner brings home full numbers.
A wandering knight?
I am a whole bunch.
A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
He is a worthy pioneer.
He was a wreck past the hope he had.
We are a wretched soul, bruised by adversity.
Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord, who would reduce these bloody days again and make poor England cry in streams of blood!
Do not get out of here, but do not go.
A savage slave, capable of all evil.
It is a terrible villain.
Stay inside.
Take it on, for shame.
Abominable villain!
She gave me a ring of gold, a paltry ring that she gave me, whose posy was for all the world like a knife
Read it, and write “happy” when you are done.
About it.
About ninth hour, lady.
The wind is faster than the wind, and Helena of Athens looks like you.
About your years, my lord.
About!
I am above my fortunes, but my state is well.
Accost, Sir Andrew, accosts.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Tell her about my son Paris’s love here and tell her to come see me on Wednesday.
Eight thousand and four hundred knights, esquires, and gallant gentlemen were dubbed knights yesterday.
I have added so much. Put on him what you want.
Adieu, adieu, adieu.
Goodbye, goodbye!
Please be vigilant, I beg you.
Goodbye, Monsieur Melancholy.
Goodbye, good neighbor.
Goodbye, good Queen.
Goodbye, so our old robes are easier to sit than our new ones.
Goodbye, noble Agrippa.
Goodbye, until you return at night.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Adultery?
Advantage is a better soldier than rashness.
Ask the duke where you are going, to prepare for the worst.
Tell your fellows so.
Ask.
Affection does not come from the heart.
Affection!
After a little time, I will beat him.
After dinner, you will be warned.
After her, after her.
After my death, one half of my land was destroyed, and twenty thousand crowns were destroyed.
After so long grief, such a beautiful nativity.
After the battle, let George Stanley die.
Again!
It is not natural, and it is not necessary to find out why this is so stupid.
Against my brother Lucius?
Why are you trying to make my soul wander in an unknown field?
I have been sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
I have been sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
Age can't wither her, and her infinite variety cannot be stale.
Age, you are shamed.
Ah ha!
Oh, God, if my prayers can't appease you, but you will be avenged on my misdeeds.
Ah, me!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh, Buckingham, now I am playing the touch, to try to find out if you are indeed a goldman.
Ah, but I think he is better than I say, and I wish others’ eyes were worse.
Cut my lace asunder so my pent heart can have some room to beat.
If I am so, let heaven engender hail and poison it in the source, and the first stone drops in my neck.
Desdemona, away, away, away!
Do not tear yourself away from me.
For my husband, for my dear Edward.
For our father, for our dear lord Clarence.
Yes, good Demetrius, will you give him me?
My lord, this prince is not an Edward.
He is young, and his minority is backed by Richard Gloucester, a man who does not love me or you.
How much would the man deserve from me?
‘If you are a little more happy than mine, and you are more capable of blazoning it, then you will be able to
Let’s go, let’s go!
Did he tempt you like that?
Oh, my back, my back!
My lord, what have I seen tonight?
My poor princes!
My sweet babes, my unblown flowers, my sweets, if your gentle souls are still flying in the air and aren’t stuck
Poor heart, he is so shaken by a burning tertian that it is terribly sad to see him.
Ah, Rosencrantz!
Yes, sir, a body would think this was well-required.
Yes, soldier!
That good Kent said it would be like that, poor banished man.
That is a bad fault.
You should have done this, and not have spoken about it.
Ah, you spell!
Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father.
Ah, goodbye!
Where is my man? Give me some vitae. These griefs, these sorrows, these sorrows make me old.
Women, women!
Aha!
I do not know you, young gentleman.
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go.
That is him.
Oh, sorry, sorry for the day.
I do not like this unnatural deal.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Thank you for mercy.
Oh, sorry!
I love myself.
Oh, my lord, that is not your fault.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, our moon is now eclipsed, and it is only about the fall of Antony.
Oh, poor gentleman!
He is insane, sir.
Yes, sir, I am blind.
You cannot see your way, sir.
What a heinous sin I am having to be ashamed of being my father’s child.
What is this noise?
What trouble did I have for you?
Why?
Oh, for both of you, Edward and Clarence.
Iago, what should I do to win my lord back?
Please, do not work so hard now.
It did.
That is the day!
That is the day!
That is the day!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, I am so sorry.
Oh, gentlemen, help! Help, gentlemen! Help, gentlemen! Help, gentlemen!
Oh, good Cassio!
Oh, good gentleman!
I will not burden you, good Kate, because I know you are young and light. Too light for a swain as you can catch.
Oh, he is fainting!
Alas, he has been trayed and I have retreated.
Alas, he is too young.
How can I answer this bloody deed?
Alas, I am the mother of these griefs.
I hate myself more than I hate myself for hateful deeds committed by myself.
I sent Dromio to redeem you, who came in grabs for it.
I took great pains to study it. It is poetic.
Iago, my lord has thrown her so despite and heavyly on her, that true hearts cannot bear it.
Malvolio, this is not my writing, though, I confess, I am much like the character.
Oh, my liege, my wife is dead tonight.
My lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.
Oh, poor caitiff!
Oh, poor country!
Oh, poor ghost!
Poor Harry of England.
Alas, poor hurt fowl, now he will creep into sedges.
Oh, poor rogue, I think she loves me.
Poor Romeo.
I have found my own wounds, poor shepherd.
She has been chased from France too long, and her husbandry is lying on heaps, causing her to be ill.
Please be patient.
I have bills for money from Florence, and I have to deliver them here.
They are so old, to die even when they grow to perfection.
The storm is coming again.
My love may be called appetite, no motion of the liver, but the palate, who suffers from cloyment, and revolt.
Well, then she is drowned.
You have misconstrued everything.
Oh, we came aboard too soon.
What is that cry?
What danger will we be to travel so far as if we were the Maids as we are?
What does this gentleman think?
What kind of ignorant sin have I committed?
What is the matter?
Who knows?
Why are you so gnawing?
Why would you heap this attention on me?
You do not know.
Oh, no!
You deserve praise, true applause, and love, but now the duke misunderstands all you have done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his cholers and his moods
Alexas!
You are alive in triumph, and Mercutio is dead!
All your blessed secrets, all your unpublished virtues of the earth, come back with my tears.
All the sailors were plunging in the foaming brine and leaving the vessel.
All except Metellus Cimber, and he has gone to find you at your house.
All of you come to this?
You can give comfort in the dark night to your person, noble father-in-law.
All dead.
All the gossip, with Pindarus his bondman on this hill.
All eyes!
All for our advantage.
We are not here for your pleasure.
All hail, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
All hell will stir for this.
Everything is just toys.
All this is confirmed, my lord.
All is lost.
It is not good.
Everything is fear, and nothing is love, as little is wisdom, where the flight is against all reason.
All lost.
All could be good enough.
All may be good, but if God sorts it out, it is more than we deserve or I expect.
All men call you a fickle man.
I hope all men live as they do.
All men’s faces are true, what they are doing.
All my pretty ones?
All my reports are based on the modest truth, and neither more, nor clipped, but so.
I am all alone.
We all have reason to wail the dimming of our shining star, but none of us can help our harms by wailing them.
All the offices are open, and there is a full freedom to feast from five to eleven o'clock.
All other devils who suggest treason do botch and scold up damnation with patches, colors, and forms.
I will stop all ports.
All right.
Friendship of schooldays, innocence of childhood?
I can send out plenteous tears to drown the world, because I am governed by the watery moon.
All strange and terrible events are welcome, but we are afraid.
All of us take their hands.
All those who follow their noses are led by their eyes, but blind men can smell him.
All that glisters are not gold. You have heard that often.
I have to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon, I, the man in the moon, this thornbush, my thornbush
I will tell you all that the duke has sat there.
All the words spoken are ruined.
I will entertain all who served Brutus.
All the better.
All the conspirators, except he did, were jealous of great Caesar.
The whole East, say you will call her mistress.
All the Arabian perfumes won't sweeten this little hand.
All the pictures that are the most beautiful are black to Rosalind.
His wits have given way to impatience.
The whole world wants her.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women are just actors.
You are all right.
All these old witnesses, I can’t err. Tell me you are my son Antipholus.
Everything is ready if our minds are correct.
All things in common should be produced without sweat or effort.
Everything will be good.
Everything that is, is more chastized than enjoyed.
I can’t believe all this amazement until I tell you a lot about Hero’s death.
All this is done on the day?
All this is done, and you will return to Pompey’s porch, where you will find us.
All this is comforting news.
All this is true, but what about it, my lord?
My sister is all this, or else she should be.
What is all this?
All three of us are married now.
All three of them are desperate.
All your other titles you have given away that you were born with.
Is it all your tediousness?
All this trouble, wonder, and amazement is in here.
All the Moor is defective in.
I will be praying for you all the time before the gods.
All that we are pineing for now.
Everything will be good.
I will meet you all with you so I can make it fit.
All-seeing heaven, what a world this is!
All, all.
All right?
It is just a naughty thing.
It is a terrible thing.
It is still as hushed as midnight.
It is all one.
All right, sweetening, come to bed. I will be your surgeon.
All is well.
I am almost afraid to know itself.
It is almost morning, which is what it is.
I was alone, it was the subject of my theme.
Along with them they brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced villain, a mere anatomy, a mountebank, a juggler
King Lewis the Tenth, who was the sole heir to the usurper Capet, cannot keep quiet in his conscience, wearing the crown of France
Although I hate her, I will not harm her.
Even though I am happy with you, I am not happy with this contract tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Am I coming near you now?
Am I Dromio?
Am I in heaven, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I attracted to such a man?
Am I myself?
Isn't she a better man than me?
I am not staying for you.
Isn’t that what I am waiting for?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name?
Am I the reason for these tears, my lord?
Am I your bird?
Am I your man?
I am Christopher Sly, old Sly’s son, by birth a peddler, by education a cardmaker, by transmutation a bear
Am I your Rosalind?
Amaze the welkin with your broken staves.
Ambassadors from Harry King of England want to admit to your Majesty.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
Amen to that sweet powers!
Amen, amen to that fair prayer, say I.
Amen, amen.
Amen, if you love her, because the lady is very worthy of you.
Amen, let’s go.
Amen, with all my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen.
It must be brave, because I hate politics.
If it were to me, I would be mad at it.
An abominable monster.
An adder did it because you serpent, never stung an adder.
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
An apple, cleft in two, is not more twin than these two creatures.
An eagle, madam, is not as green, as quick, as a man.
An Englishman?
An evil soul who is a holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek, a good apple rotten at the heart.
If he did, it would be a scold to hang him.
If he says anything against me, I will take him down if he were lustier than he is, and twenty such Jacks.
He is an honest man, and he hates the slime that sticks to filthy deeds.
He is honest and clear, and he is going to speak truthfully.
It is best to tell a truth.
If I do not, Come on, let’s see the event.
If I had been a man of any occupation, if I had not taken him at a word, I would go to hell.
If I can hide my face, let me play Thisbe too!
If I could live to see you marry once, I have my wish.
If I were so apt to fight like you, anyone would buy the basic wage of my life for an hour and a quarter.
If he has not fought with him, my lord, let him not live in France.
If he hears you, you will anger him.
Is it any offense, sir?
If I could, what should I get from that?
If the wind blows any way from shore, I will not harbor tonight in this town.
If they live, I hope I do not need to worry.
If you could, you couldn't make him live.
If you plead as well for them as I can for you, then we will make it a happy issue.
If your wife isn’t a madwoman, and you know how well I deserve the ring, she would not hold out the enemy forever
An interlude!
I am a very welcoming person, but I think it is right modest.
If it had not fallen flat long.
Tell me, how is your cousin?
A oath of sanity will be made, and the fury will abate.
An oath, an oath, I have an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is not so kind, my boy.
If you want your Majesty to answer for it, if there is any martial law in the world.
Please, Brakenbury, you can take care of anything we say.
If the duke hadn’t given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I will be hanged.
If there is any matter of weight chances, call me.
If they are not, let them hang themselves in their own straps.
If they take it, then.
If you had been set up for that question, you would have well deserved it.
If you let it go, Sir Andrew, you would never draw a sword again.
If you make a bunch of jokes about us, you will hear nothing but discords.
An illegal kiss.
If we do not, it is a pity of our lives.
If you are mine, I will give you to my friend.
If you lie, sir, we will have you whipped.
If you love me, let’s do it.
If you were part of that, my mistress, I would never draw a sword again.
If you do not want to be able to answer your questions, I have to die.
If your ladyship wants it to be as good as it should be, you have to read your right thoughts.
You cannot please your Honor, players who offer service to your Lordship.
If you are not your Majesty, it is the gage of one I should fight with, if he is alive.
What is this man doing?
It is a pity that the noble Moor could be a danger to his own life with a sanity.
You wore a necklace about his neck.
She is a good soldier.
A goose for his discretion.
A true lover of the holy Church.
He came so sad away?
For nothing!
All my armor was put in my tent.
And all my children?
It is all better for the maid.
All the faith, the virtue of my heart, the object and the pleasure of my eyes, is only Helena.
I am revenged.
A bad singer, my lord.
Another storm is coming, I hear it sing in the wind.
Are you my husband?
And scolde you, witch, scolde you!
Have you changed?
Are you living, Stephano?
As I said, go with me to my house, and I will bring you to hear my lord speak.
As I wooed for you to get her, I will join you to shame her.
As our vineyards, fallows, meads, and hedges grow to wildness, as our children have lost or not learned to learn
As he grows older, his mind is squeezing.
Ask no other dowry with her except such a dowry.
When she was late, she gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks to noble Edmund.
I am bad enough to bury my love.
Be a happy mother by the act.
Are all traitors doing so?
You will find a difference, as we have found out about his sanity, between the promises of his greener days and the ones he masters now
Do not be fooled to our demands.
Do not be jealous of me, gentle Brutus.
Have you asked him to pardon?
Benedick is not the worst husband I know.
Ask her to come here.
I am quick, good mother, because I am in a hurry.
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
If I am not fooled, Signior Baptista may remember me in Genoa, where we were lodgers at the Pegasus.
If my noble Moor is true of mind and made of no baseness as jealous creatures are, it would be enough to put him into ill thinking
By all means, encourage the youth to get a reply.
By how much she wants to do him good, she will undo her credit with the Moor.
Caesar will go out.
Did I come to comfort you last night?
Can you get out of him without a scolding of anger why he is causing this confusion, grating so harshly all his quiet days with a
Cassio was killed!
And Cassius too.
And come with naked swords.
Are you coming with “knocking at the gate”?
Come with me, and bring Messala with you, immediately to us.
He cries, “Tarry, my cousin Suffolk.
And cross-gartered?
Death is not Romeo, take my bride.
I did not leave here in rage.
She scolded me there.
Didn’t they put on my brows this wreath of victory and asked me to give it to you?
Did they ask you to tell her about it, madam?
Did you leave him in this contemplation?
Did you see the handkerchief?
And die in music.
That is what happened.
She died that day, when Viola was thirteen years old.
What is the sex of a man?
Do it with all your heart.
And still do, by these pickers and stealers.
Have you planted flowers in Pompey’s way?
Is it a breed of affection?
She will not doubt you, but she will excuse why the doors are closed against you.
The power of earthly power is like God’s grace when mercy seasons justice.
If I take this charm from her sight, I can take it with another herb and make her render her page to me.
I love you more for that.
Now, but now, this house, these servants, and this same myself are yours, my lord.
If he shakes me off to beg me to divorce him, I will always love him.
Every object that could make me fear misfortune to my ventures out of doubt would make me sad.
She is, if my eyes are true.
And fair words to them.
It is false.
I am alone to be a felicitate for your dear highness.
He fixed his eyes on you?
For Cassio, let me be his spokesman.
For his cowardly attitude, ask Fabian.
For his dreams, I wonder if he is so simple to trust the mockery of unquiet slumbers.
Because I know she enjoys music, music, and poetry, I will keep my house full of schoolmasters who will teach her youth.
I would not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.
For my love, I beg you to not wrong me.
I will eat them so well, they will go far with little.
My name begins with the idea that I am him.
For my sister and her princely sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood, which cannot be spilt in unjust fashion.
For what I promised you, I will be as good as my word.
For the Jew’s bond with me, do not let it be your love.
Tell them that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver.
For the rest of the fleet, which I dispersed, they all have reunited again and are on the Mediterranean float. They are sadly home for Naples
For the sake of them you are sad for, do me the favor to dilate at full what has happened between you and them until now.
For their sake, let this acceptance take place in your fair minds.
And for three months.
He is friends with Caesar.
I am going to make sure all these doubts are resolved.
From now on, when you are over-earning with your Brutus, he will think your mother is a scolding and leave you.
From her womb we are sucking on her natural bosom, many for many virtues, none but for some and yet all different.
I am so glad you have been there.
God forbid, my dear and faithful lord, that you fashion, wrest, bow, or bow your reading, or nicely charge your understanding soul with
The golden Phoebus will never be seen from the eyes so royal again.
Good monsieur, do not break the honey bag.
Have you challenged me?
He has given up his speech with almost all the holy vows of heaven.
Do we have affections, desire for sport, and frailty as men have?
You have mercy too.
After we have brought our treasure to where we want, we take him down his load and turn him off.
He told us to go to the temple.
He is a paramour for a sweet voice.
The man who has commanded is our king.
If he does not follow Bourbon now, let him go, and with his cap in hand, like a base pander, hold the door.
He is gone.
Her sister is poisoned by her sister.
Here are I, and wood in this wood, because I cannot meet my Hermia.
Here he stands.
Here I stand, both to impeach and purge, condemning myself and excusing myself.
Here is much Orlando.
Here is my mistress.
Here is your state: either go away before the watch is set, or hide from the sun.
And here will rest me.
Here is a wonderful place for our rehearsal.
Here is another, whose sane looks proclaim what she is making of her heart.
Here is another, written in my cousin’s hand, stol'n from her pocket, containing her affection for Benedick.
His father too.
His kissing is as sanctious as the touch of holy bread.
His jealousy is a mistake. How are you, lieutenant?
How are you doing?
How are you going here?
How do you feel about your own good fortune?
How is she?
How are you, Master Touchstone, living with this shepherd?
How long is that?
How did that get started?
I do not know how you can be transformed, but I think you look like other women.
I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I.
I am sick when I do not look at you.
If my hair tickles me, I will scratch.
I am witnessing her doing it.
I am Rosalind.
I am so tired of disasters, tugged with fortune, that I would give my life any chance to do it or get rid of it.
I am another.
I love Hastings with my heart.
I beg you to come back tomorrow.
I beg you to visit my too much changy son immediately.
I believe your Majesty does not take any scorn to wear the leek on Saint Tavy’s day.
I hope good days and long to see.
I know that they are waiting for me in Pompey’s porch.
I do not doubt that they say, “It is a sweet comedy.” No more words.
I think she is thirty.
I believe that I have found the cause of Hamlet’s lunacy.
I am resolving her with a love eye.
I am for Ganymede.
I do not want to be a woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I have been to avoid him all day.
I have built two chantries where the sad and solemn priests sing still for Richard.
I have heard Apollodorus carry. What, please?
I have met a gentleman who promised me to help him to another musician, who instructed our mistress.
I have reason for it.
I am not ready to go.
I do not know what is going on in the search.
I know, my lord, if law, authority, and power do not deny it, it will go hard with poor Antonio.
I am yours.
I must be away from here.
I must go to the sea to send me wheat to Rome.
I pray God will give them a fair departure.
Please tell me, for which of my bad things did you fall in love with me first?
I remember the kissing of her batler, and the cow’s dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked.
I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her, from whom I took two cods and gave them to her, crying,
I am helping the fairy queen to dew her orbs on the green.
I will love you.
This is his house.
I was going to your house, Cassio.
I will purge your mortal grossness so that you will go like a sane spirit.
I will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke.
I am with him.
I wish I could find out that I had no hard heart, because I really do not love anyone.
I am satisfied, and I am well paid.
If I were apt and willing to rest, a thousand deaths would occur.
And I, my lord.
I am my royal sovereign.
And I.
And I.
I will be wise here and seek out grace.
I will go to bed at noon.
I will sleep.
I will stay, to have you forget, forgeing any other home except this.
If I can't, I will find those who can.
If it does not work well, you can conceal her, as well as conceal her wounded reputation, in some reclusive and religious life.
If it is true, please keep me in my purse, my person, my extremest means, and Lie all over your days.
If he does not deserve it on earth, he shouldn't come to heaven.
If you are a king of mountains, let them throw millions of acres on us, till our ground is sung against the burning zone.
If your poor servant can only beg one favor at your gracious hand, you will confirm his happiness forever.
If our navy survives tomorrow, I have a total hope that our landmen will stand up.
If you leave me like that, you are wrong.
If you wronged us, shouldn’t we be revenge?
If your love can work in a sad way, hang her an epitaph on her tomb and sing it to her bones.
And in the same way as in the same assemblies.
In good time, comes the sweating lord.
In good time, the lieutenant comes. Meister Lieutenant, please, by your permission, how are the prince and my young son of York?
In good time, here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke.
In part he is, but not well.
In the morning and in the morning of young men, deadly blasts are imminent.
I will bring you to your ship and then to Naples, where I hope to see the wedding of these dearly loved ones, and then I will
We will both fly to Belmont early in the morning.
I am sure Lorenzo isn’t aboard their ship.
I became my father with his bleeding rings, their precious stones lost, and became his guide, led him, begged for him, and saved him
And indeed, from our achievements, even if they were performed at height, it is the marrow and the sleeve of our reputation.
And indeed, my lord, the wretched animal heaved such groans that their groans sped up his leather coat almost to bursting.
Isn’t it damning to let this canker of our nature come into further evil?
Is he a man who wants to meet Tybalt?
Isn’t it good served as a sweet goose?
Is it physically possible to walk unbracened and suck up the humor of the morning?
Is it that?
Isn’t the grease of a mutton as wholesome as the sweat of a man?
It is marveling that he is out of his hour, because lovers run before the clock.
It is sad, Brutus, that you do not have mirrors that will turn your hidden worth into your eyes so you can see your shadow.
A jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train to look at the wild forests.
Joy comes in such a difficult time.
And now you know it: the senate has decided to give the mighty Caesar a crown.
He put the love juice on some true love’s sight.
And Launcelot, you will see Lorenzo soon at supper.
By law, the Jew may claim a pound of flesh to be cut off by him near the merchant’s heart. Be merciful.
And leave you out?
Leave us, Publius, so that the people who rush on us should do some mischief in your age.
Let her speak of me before her father.
Let him hold his fingers like this, and Pyramus and Thisbe will whisper through that cranny.
Let him ply his music.
Let his knights have colder eyes among you.
Let my liver heat with wine rather than my heart cool with mortifying groans.
Do not let anyone do this except us, the doers.
Let our hearts, like subtle masters, stir up their servants to a rage and then appear to chide them.
Let the wise man fly.
Let those who play your clowns speak no more than they are set up for them.
Let’s do it without any fear, no, with no more than if we heard that England was busied with a Whitsun
Let’s swear we’ve got our resolution.
And liegemen to the Dane.
Look for it to be delivered with kindness.
When I am king, you will be king of Hereford, and all the possessions of the king my brother was.
Look at a prayer book in your hand and stand between two churchmen, my lord. I will make a holy descant on that ground.
Look, where Publius is coming to fetch me.
And lovers’ absences are more tedious than the dial eight times.
And made your other love Demetrius, who even spurned me with his foot?
The kings call it love-in-idleness. Give me that flower.
Make him break his faith with a fair amount of love, with Ariadne and Antiopa?
Can’t young men die as well as old?
You can prove to yourself that you are a master of your art.
And may I, but how?
You can, through all the world!
And me, Lord.
I am a hundred and forty years old.
I will.
It is getting worse with me.
And mine, to eke out hers.
And mine, two hundred.
Most chirurgeonly.
Most dear actors, do not eat any onions or garlic, because we are utterly sweet.
Most poor matters are about to reach rich ends.
And must she die for this?
Should they all be hanged, who swear and lie?
My heart.
And my help.
My trust was false in its contrary, as great as my trust was, which had no limit, and no bound.
And neigh, bark, grunt, and roar, and burn, like horse, hound, hog, bear, and fire.
Neither man nor master would take a savage but the two rings.
He could never keep his part until he was willing to.
Never have we been on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, by a fountain, or by a rushy brook,
Do not put a jot of “Tranio” in your mouth.
Nothing is still at a good level.
Sing about the cauldron like elves and fairies in a ring, enchanting everything you put in.
Now go ahead with your story.
When I think about it, she first told me you were insane, then smiled, and in such forms that were presupposed in the letter.
Now that I have the boy, I will undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes.
I will do it.
Now I think I am thinking about it.
Now they are re-strouting their backward path, bearing with frank appearance their intentions toward Cyprus.
Now we are talking about our French causes.
And now who knows, Lorenzo, whether I am yours?
Now you know my meaning.
Good friends, as you are friends, scholars and soldiers, give me one request.
Please explain to me your reason for raising this storm.
Oh, you mortal engines, whose rude throats the immortal Jove’s dead clamors are counterfeit. Goodbye!
And of the heat of ginger.
And of women.
I will find some reason to do that.
On the answer, he pays you as much as your feet hit the ground they step on.
Two of them are Deformed.
Only in that safe way died her brothers.
You are more wrong now when you are asking me what I am saying than if you had scolded all I have.
I will get patches to these cudgeled scars, and I swear I got them in the Gallia wars.
And pity to the general wrong of Rome. As fire drives out fire, so pity to Caesar.
And pluck the wings from painted butterflies to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes.
He has locked himself in his room, shuts up his windows, locks out the daylight, and makes himself an artificial night.
In Aleppo once, where a malignant and turbaned Turk beat a Venetian and translated the state, I took by the throat and
You say that exile is not death?
My second father, this lady, makes him to me.
Did I ever seem to be like that to you?
Should I marry hell?
Will our blood, spirited with wine, be frosty?
We will, or some of us will be smart for it.
Yes, sir.
She is as much in love as she is, and she is less likely to meet her new lover anywhere.
She can cry, sir, cry.
She is down at twelve.
She is exceedingly wise.
She is mine, and I am giving her all my right to do to Demetrius.
She is fair, I love her.
She is obedient, as you say, obedient, very obedient.
Since the fight won’t bear any color for what he is, it is a logical way to say that what he is is augmented.
Since you know you cannot see yourself as well as by reflection, I will be able to find out what you are not aware of.
And smelt so good?
And so, good madam.
And so, sir.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I am revenged. That would be scanned.
I am obligated to call young Claudio to a reckoning for it.
And so did I.
I do, lieutenant.
And so do I.
And mine.
So will Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, and so will happen to some men who think themselves as safe as you and I, who are dear to
And so far I am glad it did, as I am a sport like this.
I have proved my actions so far, that I have snorted an Athenian’s eyes.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Signior Lucentio.
Goodbye, Heatherina. You can stay, because I have more to share with Bianca.
Good morning to all of you.
And so did I, but for the sake of fashion, I thank you too.
Mine did.
And so have I addressed you.
And so he fell.
And so he goes to heaven.
I am, I am.
I will catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter end, and she must be blind.
And so in me, and so, I think, in all.
That is true, and it is very well discharged.
And so it is.
And so it is.
And so he is, my gracious madam.
And so of men.
Perchance can he be.
Return to you, and nothing else?
And so say I.
And so she did.
She does, cousin.
I swear.
The lion disappeared.
And so they are.
And so they sat down.
We will, if he wins her.
And so will I.
And so will I.
Goodbye.
God be with him.
And so, good Capulet—which is the name I love as dearly as my own—will be satisfied.
And so, his knell is snuck.
And so, please, call Beatrice.
And so, my lord, adieu.
And so, without any money at all and a little more wit, return to Venice.
I am sure we will shake hands and part.
Some have greatness thrust upon them. Heaven restore you!
Sometimes she is tickling a pig's tail, tickling a parson’s nose, and then he dreams of another good.
When she drinks, I bob her lips and pour the ale on her withered dewlap.
And smothering the sand in the sea, bring forth more islands.
Speak it again, my lord.
Can you speak parrot?
And squabbling?
Be indebted over and above, in love and service to you evermore.
Stay, good Nurse.
To make the loss so dear that I can make it much weaker than you can comfort me, because I have lost my daughter.
Take good note of what Caesar does, what suitors press to him.
Tell me, dear friend, what happy gale do you have here from old Verona?
Tell the Dauphin that his wit will savor only when thousands of people cry more than they laughed at it.
The terms are compulsive, the land that was lost by his father.
And the thane of Cawdor too: did it not work?
Those distilled by magic sleights will create artificial sprites as they will draw him to confusion.
Let me show it in this way: that I was constant, that Cimber should be banished, and that he is still alive.
That is Claudio.
And that is what I am going to consider most deeply, the beauty of his daughter.
He is hurling on you for false forswearing and murdering.
That would be enough to hang us all.
If he were so much, he would, because he was given to sports, wildness and company.
If I sleep or eat, it would be deadly sickness or death.
That is what you want me to do.
That is unwholesome food, they say.
That is true too.
The best thing about me is diligence.
The business you have done here can't be without you, especially the business of Cleopatra's, which is entirely dependent on your home.
And the creature ran away from the curfew?
I think the hour is coming to give him a hearing.
And the queen too, and that is now.
The rarest people who came here.
The tears of it are wet.
Their tongues rot, which speak against us.
And then came Pyramus.
Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
He pulled a dial from his poke and, looking at it with a lackluster eye, says wisely, “It is ten o'clock.
He offered it the second time.
And then the boy, his clerk, who took pains in writing, begged me.
And then the justice, in a fair round belly with a good capon lined, with eyes severe and beard of formal cut, full of wise
And then the moon, like a silver bow will behold the night of our solemnity.
As we have sat in the sacrament, we will unite the white rose and the red.
I hope you will be satisfied.
He does this, he does that. What was I about to say?
And then?
And then we will go away from Athens to find new friends and strangers.
What is the worst form of nonsense that could deprive you of your right to reason and make you mad?
There is a man who is coming from a fifth, the Prince of Morocco, who is telling the prince that his master will be here tonight.
She will be married at Friar Lawrence’s cell.
The snake throws her skin out, weed enough wide to wrap a fairy in.
There were a hundred ghastly women, dressed with their fear, who swore they saw men in fire walk up and down the streets.
It is called a sensible tale.
Give it a welcome as a stranger.
So hurry away, because we have to measure twenty miles today.
So is he idle?
Love is said to be a child, because he chooses to be so ill.
So Cupid is painted blind.
So tell me, dear Katherine, will you have me?
I will come.
So, good Grumio, I will tell you the news.
Please, tell me, news.
She will be placated in my constant soul like herself, wise, fair and true.
Since I cannot prove a lover to entertain these fair-spoken days, I am determined to prove a villain and hate the idle pleasures of these days
It came to that man that he was insane.
She is asking for warnings and threats and imminent evils, and on her knee she has begged me to stay at home.
These little precepts in your memory look like you are character.
They are gone.
They have been grand-jurymen since Noah was a sailor.
They have conspired together.
Those who are most disgusted by my foolishness must laugh.
This cuff was just to knock at your ear and beg you to see what is going on.
This may help to thicken other proofs that show little.
This life, exempt from public haunts, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones and good in everything
This report has exasperated the king so much that he is ready for some war.
This is the result of our debate, from our dissension.
You have done well in this way.
This is Metellus Cimber.
That is it.
I will go straight to visit him.
Those who leave their valiant bones in France, buried in your dunghills, will be famous for their braveness.
And you must make a dullard of the world if they did not think the profits from my death were very pregnant and potential spirits would seek it
You are not in the mood for any place except hell.
And you, all-shaking thunder, smit the thick rotundity of the world, crack nature’s molds, and
Even though I am making this marriage for my peace, I am in the East.
Even though she is only little, she is fierce.
And even though we are giving this man these honors to ease ourselves from slanderous charges, he will only bear them as the ass bears gold.
And even though you know my love and inwardness are very close to the Prince and Claudio, I will do this secretly and justly as
They thought Margaret was Hero?
He will be able to do it for a while.
That is what it may be.
She says, videlicet, what do you mean, my love?
And so your fall has left a blot to mark the frightened man and bestowed with some suspicion.
Your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his only heir and princess.
Until she comes, as true as I am to heaven, I will confess the slanders of my blood to your grave ears so that I can
Until she shed tears for you like a flood ruined her beautiful face, she was the fairest creature in the world.
Time is at his peak.
I am afraid I am not in my perfect mind.
To run away from the Jew, I should be ruled by the fiend, who, saving your reverence, is the devil himself.
To see how he treats the foolish woman your wife.
To sink in it, should you burst in love? Too much oppression for a tender thing.
To that end, we wished your Lordship would avoid the carping world.
To that end, sir, I will welcome you.
To that point, the athenian law cannot pursue us.
Too soon are those who made it so early.
Trinculo is reeling.
She is, as she has proved herself.
Trust me, love, you do.
The sun turns to the shade.
I will tell you twenty lies that men will swear I have been deprived of school for more than a twelve month period.
And unrespective boys.
Were you trying to intimidate you with a swine and rogues forlorn in a short and musty straw?
We thought it was our duty to tell you about it.
We mean well in going to this mask, but it is not a good idea to go.
We understand him well, how he comes to us with our wilder days, not how we used them.
We will hear it.
We will change your wages.
We will go straight away, like friends.
We will ship there. Would you, fair sister, go with the princes or stay here with us?
We will wear out in a walled prison of great ones that ebb and flow by the moon.
And now you cry, seeing she is up above the clouds, as high as heaven itself.
Welcome is more common, because that is nothing but words.
Welcome, welcome!
If the king were on it, what would I do?
What do you dare to do for us?
What are you doing, idol ceremony?
What do you have with the traitors who have been snuck into the kingdom?
What do I have to give you back, whose worth may counterpoenase this rich and precious gift?
What are kings that privates haven’t?
What hope is that, please?
What is this noise?
What about all this?
What about him?
What about him?
What other oath than honesty is owed to honesty, that this will be, or we will fall for it?
What did he say?
What did Surrey say then?
What do you say to my love?
What does my hidden lady say to our canceled love?
What should I do in Illyria?
What they might incite him to, being apt to have his ear abused, is that wisdom is afraid.
What do you mean?
What will you do now?
What will you do when that money is spent?
What your Highness suffered under that shape, I beg you to take it for your own fault and not mine, because if you were as I
What is the man who says I am the villain?
What is her history?
What is the news, cousin Lodovico?
What is going on from my despising time is bitterness.
Whatever else will happen tonight, give it a sense, but not a tongue.
When are you going to leave?
When he saw my best spirits, scolded in the fight’s right, roused to the encounter, or grieved by the noise
When I do, I swear it will be Romeo, whom you know I hate, rather than Paris.
When I have my sword, I will go away, because this will go away, and then I will not stay.
When I am stolping on these sons-in-law, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
When I am holding my hand, do the same, to fall it on Gonzalo.
When I die, take him and cut him out in tiny stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that the whole world will
When I told you that he was a good man, you cried, “Indeed?” And you sat and pursed your brow together
When do you want to say that?
When will you see him again?
When she is froward, peevish, sullen, and not obedient to his honest will, what is she like?
When she put it on, she made me vow that I will not sell it, give it, or lose it.
When she speaks, isn’t it a sad thing to love?
When she weeps, she weeps every little flower, blaming some chastity.
When she left, I said, “Let this fellow be looked at.”
When that time comes, make me mock, do not pity me, as I will not pity you until that time.
When the blue lightning appeared to open the breast of heaven, I showed myself in the aim and flash of it.
When the mind is quickened out of doubt, the organs, even though they have been dead before, break up their drowsy grave,
When did he want to wash his face?
When you do them, Cassius, be content.
When your honors mean to solemnize the deal of your faith, I beg you to marry me.
Where the worser is predominant, death soon kills that plant.
Where is Cordelia?
Why are you gentle, strong, and valiant?
Why does Lysander refuse to love you, so rich in his soul, and tender me, forsooth, affection?
While you are taking a man of plain and uncoined constancy, dear Kate, you are taking a man who is always a good man
Who is England’s king but Great York’s heir?
Why not wait a minute?
Why should Caesar be a tyrant?
Why, my Lady Wisdom?
Why do they have to?
Will she still look at me, who shook the golden prime of this sweet prince and made her widow to a miserable bed?
Will you give me permission?
Will you rent our ancient love asunder to join men in slandering your poor friend?
Will you be married under a bush like a beggar?
Do you want to have me?
I wished to see you cross-gartered.
With my hand, I am sure I will love you.
With the juice of this I will streak her eyes and make her full of hateful fantasies.
Yesterday the night bird was sitting on the marketplace at noon, shrieking and choking.
At supper, you suddenly arose and walked around, sighing and musing, with your arms across.
And yet you are complaining of obstruction?
I see that they are as sick as they are that they are suffering from too much, and that they are not hungry enough to survive.
I am wrong to think about it, because you are framed by the truth of valor.
I wish for what I have.
I would not be you, uncle.
It is dangerous to make him even more prone to losing his time.
It is not, it is.
My sky will not want.
It is not far from a bird, who lets it hop a little from his hand like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves.
It does not matter.
She will kneel and pray, I have seen her do it.
And yet you will help me out of fighting.
To win her, the whole world has to be destroyed.
I swear by the screams of malice, I am not playing.
To say the truth, reason and love keep little company today.
And a tall barking dog.
And then, Caesar.
As you all know, security is mortals’ chief enemy.
You are coming in a very happy time to bear my greeting to the senators and tell them that I will not come today.
You are well met, Signior Hortensio.
You are on land.
You are on land.
You have to cut the flesh from his breast.
You will be satisfied.
You will speak in the same pulpit where I am going, after my speech has ended.
And you too, gentle Hero?
Thank you, sir.
And you, fair sister.
Thank you, sir.
You, good yeoman, who made limbs in England, show us the mud of your pasture.
You, sir, for this necklace arrested me.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Your experience makes you sad.
Now your horse would make him an ass.
Your reports have set the murder on.
You give Helena to me, who I love and will do until my death.
As he fell, Romeo turned and flew.
And, as I am an honest Puck, if we have unarned luck now to escape the serpent’s tongue, we will
As the jest looked away from me, it was ten to one that killed you two completely.
I have dispersed them in troops to keep them in the island.
And, as you said, it is important to see that some more people than a mother should listen to the speech.
After you have done it, Wall is going away.
Being men, with the will of Caesar, it will inflame you, it will make you crazy.
For the sake of ceremony, such a wretch, winding up days with toil and nights with sleep, would have the advantage of a king
And Demetrius, the more you beat me, I will fawn on you.
Dying like that is to him.
For his passage, the soldiers' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him.
Because you were too delicate to act her sane and affluent command, she confined you to a cloven pine.
And, friends, disperse yourself.
Let’s kill him boldly, but not wrathfully.
I did not receive any gold.
You should take this transformated scalp from the head of this Athenian swain so that, if he wakes up when the other one wakes up
Good night, good boy.
I think you think I love you.
Good night, my sweet friend.
Listen!
Thank you all, who have given me away to this patient, sweet and virtuous wife.
I think if my breast hadn’t been made of faith and my heart of steel, she would have transformed me into a curty dog
And, in conclusion, she will watch all night, and if she is a good friend, I will be arguing and scolding her with the
And Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
God saw him when he was hiding in the garden.
It sat down and said “yes.” That is enough of that.
Tonight I am begging you to supper.
And, sister, as the winds give benefit and convey, don’t sleep, but let me hear from you.
To get to what you are like to be, cast your humble slough and appear fresh.
If he improves his skills, he will be able to make us all angry.
Andrew Aguecheek.
Angels and ministers of grace defend us.
Angels are still bright, even though the brightest fell.
We will drink a measure round the table.
Oh, yes!
When she has revealed her golden couplets, his silence will be drooping.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Another shout!
Another Hero!
Another hit.
Another way I have to man my lord is to make her come and know her keeper’s call.
Answer as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer every man directly.
Answer me directly.
Answer me in one word.
Answer me like men.
I will answer my life’s judgment, your youngest daughter does not love you the least.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock, both of them are standing up.
Antonio is a good man.
Antonio never was a thief or a pirate. He was, I confess, on ground and ground enough, Orsino’s enemy.
Antonio will be bound, well.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I am married to a wife as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, I am arresting you at the trial of Count Orsino.
Antonio, Oh my dear Antonio!
Antonio.
Antony told me to trust you, but I do not care to be deceived by those who do not have any use for trusting.
Only Antony, that would make his will Lord of his reason.
Antony will use his affection wherever it is.
Antony, leave your savage wassails.
Any bar, any cross, any obstacle will be cured to me.
Any man who can write can answer a letter.
Any strange creature there makes a man.
Anything that has been mended is only patched.
Anything.
Apollo plays, and twenty cagèd nightingales sing: Or are you going to sleep?
Apothecary!
Listen and listen quietly. No tongue.
Show yourself in the same way as a sigh.
Come and speak.
Take the chamber and destroy your sight with a new Gorgon.
Take any shape except that, and my sane nerves will not tremble.
Come on, my Ariel.
Take me, Sir Andrew.
Take it.
Are all your conquests, glories, triumphs, and spoils shrunk to this little measure?
Are his wits safe?
Are my deserts no better than mine?
Aren’t these forests more protected from danger than the envious court?
Aren’t you him?
Are our eyes our own?
Are there balances here to weigh the flesh?
Are there any stones in heaven? What is the thunder?
Are you talking about these things, or do I dream?
Are these wind instruments, please?
Are they aware of this?
Are they all ready?
Are they good?
Do they like to take dust like Mistress Mall’s picture?
Are they married?
Aren’t they now on the western shore, securing the rebels from their ships?
Are they back?
Are they followed so closely?
Are those my tents where I see the fire?
Are we all here?
Are we all ready?
Are there two Romans still alive?
Are you a comedian?
Are you a god?
Are you a man?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the woman you are talking about?
Are you familiar with the difference that holds this question in the court?
Are you answering this question?
Are you happy to stay?
Are you here to see the wrestling?
Are you drawn out of a world of men to kill the innocent?
Are you fair?
Are you full of them?
Are you good men and true?
Are you him?
Are you his brother?
Are you my wife and won’t call me husband?
Are you native to this place?
Aren’t you a strumpet?
Aren’t you good?
Aren’t you Kent?
Aren’t you well?
Are you going to do this now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you our daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so evangelized to pray for this good man and for his issue, who has bowed you to the grave and begged you forever?
Are you hurrying now?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure we are awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Are you there, wife?
Are you wise?
Are you yet determined to marry my brother’s daughter?
Are you still alive?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, your job is exactly what you are doing.
Get up and tell me how you came here.
Rise up, wake up, wake up the snorting citizens with the bell, or the devil will make a grandsire of you.
Get up, dissembler.
Get up, I say.
You are not going to kneel.
Get up.
Please, please, help me to this fast voyage.
Arm, arm, my lord.
Armed, brother?
Armed, my lord.
Armed, do you say?
Arms, arms, sword, fire, corruption in the place.
Arms, take your last embrace.
Aroint you, witch!” the rump-fed runnion cries.
Arrest him, officer.
Are you the Lady Olivia’s fool?
What is this house?
Are you rich?
Are you a churchman?
Are you a man?
Are you afraid to be the same in your own act and in your own valor as you want?
Are you afeard?
You are less happy, being feared, than they are.
Are you happy, Jew?
Are you gone, love?
Are you good at sneezing, knight?
Are you his friend?
Are you really?
Have you learned something?
Are you crazy?
Are you my son?
Are you Romeo, and a Montague?
Are you a Cornish crew?
Are you so wretched and wretched, and you are afraid to die?
Are you hurrying?
Are you a god, an angel, or a devil who makes my blood cold and my hair to stare?
Are you the slave who, with your breath, killed my innocent child?
Are you there, Diomed?
Are you so bold, man, by your distress, or are you a rude despiser of good manners?
Are you wise?
As it is said, the bastard son of Gloucester.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
As a walled town is more worthless than a village, the forehead of a married man is more honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor.
As birds do, Mother.
As Caesar loved me, I cry for him.
You can be as sane as you can be with your sword to make me bleed.
As you always do, come in quickly to Sir John.
As far as I can go, my lord, as I will fill up the time for this and supper.
As for my wife, I wish you had her spirit in such a way.
As freely, son, as God gave me.
As far as a man would run for life from a bear, I would run away from her that would be my wife.
As you rise up from your graves and walk like sprites, countenance this horror.
As good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good as you want.
As good to me as late.
As he smiles, Othello will go crazy.
As he was lucky, I am glad about it.
As he was brave, I honor him.
As hell, Sir Topas.
As a gentleman, I will live to be thankful for it.
As honest as I am, he looks pale. Are you sick or angry?
As an honest man, I thought you had suffered some bodily injury.
As I am Egypt’s queen, you blushest, Antony, and that blood of yours is Caesar’s homage.
As I walked down?
As I slept under this yew tree, I dreamed that my master and another fighter had fought, and that my master slew him.
As I stood my watch on the hill, I looked towards Birnam, and I thought the wood began to move.
As I see, it is burning in the Capels’ tomb.
As I live, my honorable lord, it is true.
As long as I have life and honor, he will sit there until noon.
As I intend to prosper and repent, I am so happy in my hostile affairs.
I learned that the night before they were leaving were empty.
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I stood below, I thought his eyes were full moons.
As I suck blood, I will show some mercy.
As I am.
As if that name, shot from the deadly level of a gun, killed her, as if that name's cursed hand killed her kinsman.
As if time were in debt.
As ignorant as dirt.
As it determines, I will die.
As it ebbs, the seedman oozes on the slime and scatters his grain, and soon comes to harvest.
As long as heaven and nature extend it.
As long as Richard and Richard like it.
As love is, my lord, before it loves.
As manhood grows, manhood will grow.
As my eyes opened, I saw their weapons drawn.
As mine on her, as mine on her, as mine on hers, and all together.
As much to him as I do, and his thanks are too much.
As much to my good Lord Chamberlain.
As a faithful and honorable man.
As plain as I see you now.
As proper men as ever have walked on neat leather, I have gone on my handiwork.
I can dispose of her immediately, as she is mine.
I am as strange as the thing I do not know.
As sure as my liege, as I see your Grace.
As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle— Oh Antony! I will take you too.
You will feel as calm and restful as I am in my breast.
As the cony you see, she is smothered.
As the ox has his bow, sir, the horse has his curb, and the falcon's bells, as the man has his desires,
As the time, the place, and the situation of this country are approaching, I wish this had not happened.
As they pass by, pluck Casca by the sleeve, and he will tell you what has been done today.
As thick as the story can be, and every one of you did praise his kingdom for his great defense, and poured them down before him.
You are to yourself.
As you got Milan, I will come by Naples.
As a man, give me the cup.
As well as I can, madam.
I have brushed my mother with a feather of raven’s feathers, and I will drop you both.
I am as willing as I am to come from school.
As wit and fortune will.
I will fling the pillow, the bolster, the coverlet, and the sheets.
As woman’s love.
As old as you are, you should be wise.
As you would like to pardon yourself, let your indulgence set me free.
As you look at him, Demetrius looks at you.
As you will tell us, praise us.
I am as young as I am, I have seen these three swashers.
Ascend her room and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you will find me in a grave.
Ask her forgiveness.
Do not ask me what I know.
I do not doubt it.
Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Help, good friends.
If you do not have it, assume a virtue.
The thing is going to be sold.
I am not.
I am not.
At Crosby Place, you will find us both.
I will call every house I call.
First and last, the hearty welcome.
The first child was born, swinging and puking in the nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock I will receive the money for the same.
At home, my lord.
You are in the land, indeed, and you are letting me know of my father’s house. Since the cuckoo does not
At land, you know how much we are doing to you.
I left them in the pool beyond your cell, dancing up to your chins, so the foul lake sunk their feet.
I shook my arm with a little shaking and his head waving so far up and down, he raised a sigh so pitiful and profound that it
I am sure it may be in Denmark.
At least two glasses.
I am at my own house, good lady.
I am not sure I am going to give you what I want, and I will die to get what I want.
I am here.
At night we will feast together.
At nine o'clock we will meet again.
Good night, at once.
At our synagogue, Tubal.
At Pembroke, or at Ha'rfordwest in Wales.
At Sardis once, and this last night in Philippi fields.
At sea, I think.
At seventeen years old, many of them are looking for their fortunes, but at fourscore, it is too late.
At such a time, I will leave my daughter to him.
We are at the duke’s oak.
At this hour, Lie at my mercy to all my enemies.
At this ancient feast of Capulet's Supps the beautiful Rosaline whom you love so much with all the admired beauties of Verona.
I will do whatever I want, monster. Come on, Trinculo, let’s sing.
At your choice, sir.
At your leisure.
At your noble pleasure.
At your request.
Come with the lords of France, Burgundy, Gloucester, and Gloucester.
I understand a lot about your meaning.
Authority.
Oh, you witch! Come, Dromio, let’s go.
You scolded me.
Avail!
Do not forget what is going on.
Leave him alone.
Remind these brave men of war and renew their feats with your powerful arm.
Wake up, wake up!
Wake up, I say.
Wake up sir, wake up.
Wake up!
Take me to the sweet beds of flowers.
Get out of here!
Go with him.
Get out of here!
Get out of here with the dotard.
Take the stools away, remove the stools on the courtboard, and look at the plate.
Take us to Athens.
Go away, and let me die.
Go away, and mock the time with the fairest show.
Go away, go away.
Go away, because he is coming here.
Go away, get away.
Go away!
Go!
Go away, I beg you, both of you.
Go ahead, hurry up.
Go away, old man.
Go away, a little man.
Go away, then.
Go away, then.
Go away, Tybalt.
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Yes, I am detested.
Yes, it is my husband.
I am wretched, and I have been beaten up by two friends who are fighting each other.
Yes, what news do you have?
Yes, I am!
Yes, I am!
Yes, but not yet to die.
Yes, it is strong, and it is indifferent in a dun-colored stock.
Yes, it was the one who told me about her first.
Yes, a tailor.
Yes, a thousand times.
Yes, amen!
Yes, and a bold one, who dares to look at something that could kill the devil.
Yes, and a kind one too.
Yes, and he is a subtle man, as he learned.
Yes, and just a minute.
Yes, and he has been brought off the field.
Yes, and you die for that.
Yes, and he will tame her.
Yes, and I will give him free of charge.
Yes, and I have only said what I am planning to do.
Yes, and you and the most proud of you all will find when he comes home.
Yes, and the time seems to be thirty years old, since you have been left out of your bed all this time.
Yes, and this is.
Yes, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, where Caesar fought with Pompey.
Yes, and twenty such.
Yes, and Wall too.
Yes, and wisely.
Yes, are you there?
Yes, at Philippi.
Yes, yes, the cords.
Yes, yes, three thousand dollars.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, be good with Touchstone.
Yes, I am better than him, who knows me.
Yes, Biddy, come with me.
Yes, boy, you are ready.
Yes, boy.
Yes, but you cannot stand before me.
Yes, but he will not be pacified now.
Yes, but I know. What do you know?
Yes, but not enough.
Yes, but I did not cry.
Yes, but not rough enough.
Yes, but the clerk who never wants to do it is only living until he is a man.
Yes, but the feet were lame and couldn’t bear themselves without the verse, and therefore stood lamely in the verse.
Yes, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Yes, but their sense is shut.
Yes, but these English are shrewdly out of beef.
Yes, but when?
Yes, but that policy may either last so long, or feed on such a nice and healthy diet, or breed itself so out of circumstances,
Yes, by heaven, my lord.
Yes, I am still alive, and I never wanted to see you more.
Yes, I am sure the case can be amended.
Yes, Caesar, but not gone.
Yes, Casca.
Yes, Celia, we stayed her for your sake.
Yes, Desdemona.
Do you fear it?
Yes, do.
Yes, dreadful Queen.
Yes, every inch king.
Yes, every man is away.
Yes, for the state, not for Antonio.
Yes, forsooth.
Yes, gentle cousin, if it were light enough.
Yes, go on, go on.
Yes, good fool.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, he said Greek.
Yes, he was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Yes, he does.
Yes, his breast.
Yes, husband.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I praise God, and I have some love for him.
Yes, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Yes, if a woman lives to be a man.
Yes, if I am alive and your mind is holding and your dinner worthy of the meal.
Yes, if I know the letters and the language.
Yes, if Messala prefers me to you.
Yes, if the devil tempts you to do good.
Yes, if the fool could find it where it lies.
Yes, if you dare to make a profit and a right.
Yes, if you are wrong in your memory.
Yes, you will be men as dogs and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, cursors, Shoughs,
Yes, you are doing me mischief in the temple, in the town, in the field.
Yes, indeed!
Yes, it is, I assure him.
Yes, it is so good that I cannot wait so long.
Yes, leeks are good.
Yes, Lepidus.
Yes, let her die and die tonight, and be damned, because she will not live.
Yes, let the Count take you in your bed.
Yes, lord.
Yes, madam, but he will return tonight.
Yes, madam, I am out of your reach.
Yes, madam, it is common.
Yes, madam, twenty messengers.
Yes, madam, because I was born and raised not three hours from here.
Yes, madam.
Yes, madam.
Yes, sir.
Yes, they are.
Yes, go, I say, and get him here.
Yes, it is marriage.
Yes, it is marriage.
Yes, you must marry.
Yes, you are a fool.
Yes, sir, now it is starting to work.
Yes, I was, and he put it by three times, every time more gentle than any other.
Yes, what is he?
Yes, marry, why was he sent into England?
Yes, master.
Yes, he is a millstone, as he taught us to cry.
Yes, I am a good man in my mistress.
Yes, mistress, and Petruchio is the master, who has taught you eleven tricks to tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
Yes, more.
Yes, mother, but I would not have it.
Yes, my commander.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my liege, please let us know.
Yes, my lord, it is a good idea to be.
Yes, my lord, that is the same thing.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, noble lord.
Yes, now I am in Arden, the more fool I am.
Yes, I am honored.
Yes, I will find you on his side, and then he sends you this good news, that your enemies, the kindred queen, must die
Yes, on the front.
Yes, or any show you will show him.
Yes, drinking, fencing, swearing, arguing, drabbing, you can go so far.
Yes, or he is stealing his report very falsely.
Yes, I have gone through all surgeries.
Yes, pilgrims have lips that they need to pray for.
Yes, sir, for three months.
Yes, sir, I have a pretty wit.
Yes, sir, I thank God.
Yes, sir, I have often been in Pisa, and I have been redeemed for grave citizens.
Yes, sir, it is too true. God help you.
Yes, sir, the sergeant of the band; the one who brings any man to answer the question that breaks his band.
Yes, sir, they are ready.
Yes, sir, we are some of her trappings.
Yes, sir, there are a crew of wretched souls who keep his cure.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I think so.
Yes, I thought so.
Yes, sir.
Yes, we will.
Yes, he is so humbled that he left me with a part of his grief to suffer with him.
Yes, it is springing to catch woodcocks.
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
Yes, that is what he did.
Yes, that he was.
Yes, Petruchio.
Yes, that is the way.
Yes, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
Yes, here it is.
Yes, there is the villany.
Yes, those are the best clothes.
Yes, you poor ghost, while your memory holds a seat in this distracted globe.
Yes, to a niggly host and a more sparing guest.
Yes, to me.
As long as mountains are for wind, they do not shake, even if they blow perpetually.
Yes, too gentle.
Yes, because the power of beauty will transform honesty into what it is to a baddened man.
Yes, we are talking for two hours.
Yes, very well, my lord.
Yes, what else?
Yes, what about that?
When the special thing is obtained, that is her love, because that is all in all.
Yes, widow Dido.
Yes, with a twinkling.
Yes, with Cassio.
Yes, you wish I could make her turn.
Yes, you have been a mouse hunter in your time, but I will watch you out now.
Yes, you would beg if you were in my distress.
Yes, and do not let anyone enter, so I will not break your sword.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes. Goodbye, fair gentleman.
Yes, sir.
I will throw these treasons back to your head with the truth that is causing your heart to fall asleep.
You cannot go back to the house unless you are able to do something with me, which you can do with as much security as you can.
Back, slave, or I will break your sword across.
The world is bad, and all will be naughty when such a bad situation is seen in the mind.
Good news, my lord.
Tell him to come back and speak with me, the one he promised.
Balm his foul head in warm, distilled water and burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet.
Banquo and Donalbain!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
If your soul finds heaven, she will find it tonight.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman, to whom my father is not all unknown.
Bar Harry England, who sweeps through our land with pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Barnardo has my place.
Barnardo?
Do you have my wit?
Base is the slave who pays.
You will die from a Trojan.
Bassanio told him he would make some speed of his return.
Basting.
Please, Dido.
Be as our gods will.
Be it.
Be a child at the same time.
Be helpful and help the man in his distress.
If you want to be angry, it will be a good thing.
Come on, sir.
We are going to use our hands and not our tongues.
You can.
Be attentive.
Be better at your leisure.
Be more comfortable.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
Be bold and take your stand.
Be brief, so that your kindness will last longer than your kindness date.
Be brisk for a while, and the longer the liver takes everything.
Be there when we wake him up.
Yes, nothing truer.
Be choked with another accent.
Be clamorous and leap all civil bounds, rather than make unprofited return.
Be able to get out of here.
Be calm, dear madam.
Be calm, madam.
Be calm and brief.
Be eloquent to her in my behalf.
Be honest about all these griefs, and I will go as far as anyone who goes farthest.
Be a bit frightened, then, I hope, you will not keep him long, but send him back.
Be gentle to her.
Go away!
Be happy.
Whatever you decide privately, whether it is for her stay or for her trip.
Be it, Lysander.
Be it.
Be prepared when Lear is mad.
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman.
Be big in the mud.
Be lion-mettled, proud, and do not care who chafes, who is angry, or where conspirers are.
Be merciful to men who are moldy.
Be merciful, say “death,” because exile has more terror in his eyes than death.
Be near me so I can remember you.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be afraid of greatness. It was a good idea.
Do not be afraid, even if you see me being armed.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be disturbed by my infirmity.
Do not be so bad about your thoughts.
Do not be offended.
Do not be so hurry to confuse my meaning.
Do not be so.
Do not delay yourself in a hurry.
Do not be late.
Do not be too tame, but let your own discretion be your tutor.
Do not be ashamed to show, he will not be ashamed to tell you what it means.
Be cheerful, young man.
Be cheerful.
Be patient until the last minute.
Be patient, because the prize I will bring you is the prize I will give you for this mischance.
Be patient, because the world is wide and wide.
Be patient, because you will stay with us.
Be patient, gentlemen.
Be patient.
Please tell us how we have sent you the offers.
Be quiet and leave.
Be quiet, people.
Be ruled by me, leave with patience, and let us go to the Tiger all to dinner, and come alone in the evening.
Be ruled by me.
Be ruled.
Be quiet.
Be quick to answer, because we know the truth.
You can't see anything but mine and my eyes, and you can't see anything else.
Be confident that you know what you are doing, and then you are as great as you fear.
Are the Jacks in the house, the Jills in the house, the carpets laid, and everything in order?
Are these the people we played dice for?
Be the slur of your sword.
You are a man who is a good health person or a goblin man, bring with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell, bring with you
You can trust me, Cassio, I will do everything I can to help you.
Be familiar, but not vulgar.
You are my witness that I am compelled to fight all our freedoms against my will, as Pompey was.
Be your mouth or black or white, Do-de, de-de.
Be confident, and I will leave you alone.
Be brave and speedy.
Well, then, be warned: those who ride so well, and do not ride so carefully, fall into foul bogs.
Be careful.
Be wise and get home.
Be witness to me, when men revolted upon the record, you will bear hateful memories of what poor Enobarbus did before you repent.
Be calm in the accusation, and my sanity will not shame me.
I will be your eunuch, and I will be your mute.
Are your tears wet?
Are you sad or merry? Either you are being violent or no one else is. Do you have my posts?
Be patient and free.
Take this body away and take care of our will.
Keep him away.
Keep him in your head.
Keep it cold until midnight and let the issue show itself.
Take it straight, and bring your master home immediately.
Take him to his creditor and, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it.
Bear me, good friends, where Cleopatra is.
Keep your heart in it and leave us alone.
Keep them away from here.
Keep your eyes, your hand, and your tongue warm.
Bear with him, Brutus.
Keep up with my weakness.
Have your face in mind?
Beat him up.
Beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat.
Beatrice, I will go, I am sure.
Beauty is a good way to provoke thieves faster than gold.
Because I would not see your cruèl nails pluck out his poor old eyes.
Because my name is George.
Because I often use you as a fool and chat with you, your sanity will protect my love and make me a common part of my serious hours
Because you keep the stroke of your begging and my meditation.
Because their business is still out of the door.
Because they are not eight.
Because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians, you will have your daughter covered with a barbary horse.
Because, look, you don’t love it, and your affections and appetites and your digestion don’t agree with it
Now, I am ready.
I think God is very wise.
She is a good woman.
I will throw my shield before my body is thrown.
I would not believe this without my own eyes.
It is still true before the days of change.
Let’s not wrangle before the eyes of both our army and those who should see nothing but love from us.
Before the time comes out?
Before I saw Lysander, Athens was a paradise for me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” breathe twice and cry, “So, so!”
Before you risk, because I am losing your company.
Begin another of your daughters.
I am so sorry I am not, but I thank you, and I am sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear.
Do you want to start a relationship with these birds only now?
Do you want to grow up on me?
Start!
Start.
Go on. Onward, officer, to prison until it comes.
Beguiled, divorced, wronged, and killed!
I will be with you behind the abbey wall within an hour and bring you cords made like a stair.
I will tell myself to listen to the process behind the scenes.
Look and see.
Look, how she blushes like a maid here.
Look, it is stained with his most noble blood.
Look at the munitions on their carriages, with fatal mouths gaping on the girded Harfleur.
Look, the sails, born with the invisible and creeping wind, draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea.
Look at this man.
Look, here is the usurper’s swollen head.
Look, I have a weapon.
Look, sir.
Look, there are the caskets.
It is my privilege to honor my oath, my oath, and my profession.
Look!
I wish I had done well, but I must condemn it now.
I am a perfumer, as I was smoking in a musty room, and I am the Prince and Claudio, hand in hand,
Being a holiday, the beggar’s shop is closed.
Being so frustrate, tell him, he mocks the pauses he makes.
Being unprepared, we became the servant to defect, which else we should have freed.
Believe me for my honor, and have respect for my honor that you may believe.
Believe me, I am not.
Believe me, I cannot.
Believe me, I would rather have lost my purse full of crusadoes.
Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook it.
Believe me, Lord, I think he cannot choose.
No, do not believe me.
If I had such a venture, I would have better hoped for my future abroad.
Believe me, sir, it is a brave man.
Believe me, sir, they smother well together.
Do not believe any of us.
Do not believe that.
If you want, then I will do something strange.
What?
It is just a rumor.
I could bet they are not a good thing to betray my eyes.
As his wife, who knows his sleeves, shut the doors against his way.
Like some noble gentleman who wants to take him here, traveling some way.
I do not know what.
They were a little surprised to see how I moved them.
Look, this is a man who is a savage.
That is what this show is about to say.
You are like you slew a lot of his people.
Bellario greets you.
Do you belong to the Lady Olivia, friends?
Beloved Regan, your sister is naughty.
Do not be afraid of your character.
Benedicite.
Benedick, did you notice Signior Leonato’s daughter?
Benvolio, who started this bloody fight?
Please, father.
Besoil him for it.
Beshrew his soul for me.
I am a shrewd woman, but I love her very much.
I would do a wrong for the whole world.
I think you are happy in this second match, because it is your first match.
Besides, I have never put up my sword since I met a lion on the Capitol, who glared on me and went by me without bothering me
Antonio told the Duke they were not with Bassanio aboard his ship.
He brings his destiny with him.
Besides, his cote, his flocks, and his feed bounds are now on sale, and now, because of his absence, there is
Besides, I have some business in the town.
Besides, I do not like you.
The constable wants you to be punished, so that your followers can be resentful and a sweet man to come off these fields.
It should appear that if he had the money to pay the Jew, he would not take it.
Besides, old Gremio is still listening, and we would be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard.
She uses me more than anyone else who follows her.
The king’s name is a tower of strength that they want to build upon the adverse party.
The knave is handsome, young, and has all the qualities that folly and green minds are responsible for.
Besides, their writers say, King Pepin, who deposed Childeric, was heir general, born of Blithild and Blithild
There is no king if he is not so sane, that if he is going to fight with all unreliable soldiers.
They are all fresh.
They are our outward consciences and preachers to us all, admonising that we should dress appropriately for our purposes.
Besides, they have burned and carried away all that was in the king’s tent, so the king has caused every soldier to cut his
Besides, you are getting dishonest.
Be quiet for a fortnight. I will have the heart of him if he wins, because if he is out of Venice, I would make what
I am always happy to see you.
Fear is the best way to protect yourself.
You would better get the bringer out of the host.
Give it to you, and do not believe that Caesar is not a merchant, to make a prize for the things that merchants sold.
I have been trayed.
We would better be with the dead, who we sent to peace to get our peace than to lie in a restless ecstasy.
You may have better cheer, but not with a better heart.
I wish I could distract myself. I should be able to shake my thoughts off my grief and lose the knowledge of myself.
If they were all from his father, or if they were none at all, the emulation who will be closest will touch us all too close.
I am better Macbeth than a man like that to reign.
Better once than never, because it is never too late.
If you hadn’t been born, then you would have better gotten to me.
Bettering your loss makes the bad causer worse.
Who?
Beware Macduff.
Beware of the entrance to a fight, but beware of being in, so that the opposing may beware of you.
Beware of March’s landslides.
Beware of Fife’s thane.
She has taken advantage of me today.
Bianca's love made me exchange my state with Tranio while he was in the town, and I have stayed happily in the last place
Tell me that every noise is still.
Goodbye to your sisters.
Tell Gloucester to think about this, and he will cry.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to have a good heart.
Tell him to bring his pen and his inkhorn to the jail.
Ask him to give him the greatest strength and power he can make and meet me suddenly at Salisbury.
Tell him the story of Octavia: her years, her desire to be a woman.
Tell him to set up his powers before he is ready, and we will follow him.
Ask him to consider his ransom, which must be proportional to the losses we have suffered, the losses we have lost, and the disgrace we have
Give me farewell.
Tell me to tear the bond.
We will punish you, and we will bear it lightly.
Ask the players to hurry.
Tell them to get me and then sell my bones.
Tell them to fly, because when I am revenged on my charm, I have done everything.
Tell them to fly.
Tell them to come near.
Ask them to move away.
Tell your friends to welcome you, show a merry cheer.
The wind will blow the earth into the sea or swell the water to the sea so that things can change or stop.
Big Mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host and faintly through rusty beaver peeps.
Bind his corky arms.
Bind him, I say.
Bind up my wounds.
Biondello, what about that?
The night is dark, and death is your life.
Bleed, bleeding, poor country.
Bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
Help you avoid whirlwinds, star-blasting, and taking.
Bless you, Bottom, bless you.
Give your five wits a hug.
Bless us!
Bless you, fair dame.
Blessed pudding!
He is blind and is best in the dark.
Bliss will be on you.
You have been beaten up for such a wish.
He will be squeezing for it if you hide the crown in your hearts.
Bloody, nasty villain!
Boatswain!
I would tear the cave where Echo lies, and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine.
Bonos dies, Sir Toby.
Borachio.
Borrow Cupid’s wings and soar with them above a common bound.
He loves both of them.
Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.
Both of us denies me any further.
Both of our remedies are lies in your help and your holy physicy.
Both sides are equally right.
Both of which, Master Constable, you have.
Wind and tide are the main reasons for this gentleman, and I have been here too long, to blame.
Both of them are with a dog name.
Both your majesties can put your dreadful pleasures more in command than to get into the trap.
Both, both, my girl.
Both, both, my lord.
Both?
Bottom!
In nature, a tyranny is a tyranny.
Boy, this will not excuse the injuries you have caused me.
Boy!
I have been robbed in my own house with a skein of thread.
Break an hour's promise in love.
Breathe Merriman, the poor curfew is embossed, and couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach.
Let me be brief.
I recovered him, bound up his wound, and after some small space, being strong at heart.
I am here.
I am talking a bit.
Briefness and fortune, work! French, a word.
Bring a corollary, rather than a spirit.
Bring out men-children only, because your unreliable sanity should compose nothing but men.
Bring her to try the main course.
Bring him away.
Bring him to us.
Bring him to rest.
Bring him through the bands.
Bring him back to his house.
Bring him, dead or living, within this twelve month or turn to seek a living in our territory.
Bring it to me in the orchard.
Bring it to that, the gold I give you will melt and pour down your ill-looking throat.
Bring me a father who loved his child so much, who is overwhelmed with joy like mine, and ask him to speak of patience.
Bring me to the brim of it, and I will help you get something rich about me.
Take care of the numbers on both sides of our lives.
Don’t bring me any more reports.
Bring me to Antony.
Bring me to Octavius.
Tell me how tall she is.
Bring the villain out.
Bring them to us.
Bring the master to the citadel.
Bring us the letter.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, isn’t that morning that breaks?
Brother Gloucester, you are wrong about this.
Brother, be content.
Brother, good night.
Brother, ho!
Brother, I advise you to do the best.
Brother, I will go and bring it to you.
My lord, stand up and do as we do.
You were brought to this town by that famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most respected uncle.
Have you brought Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and her forehead are as low as she would wish.
Bruisèd pieces, go.
Brutus and Caesar. What should be that name?
Brutus has rubbed my heart.
Brutus is wise, and if he were not in good health, he would embrace the means to come by it.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus will lead, and we will grace his heels with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus is talking.
Let’s talk to you.
Brutus, do not bait me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Brutus will start a spirit as soon as he is named Caesar.
Do not be afraid,” says my conscience.
Burn his books.
Burn!
It is a spirit.
It is all one thing, it is as good as my fingers are to my fingers, and there is salmon in both of them.
But it is gone.
It is not above me.
It is not true.
It is strange.
It is a harsh hearing when women are froward.
But goodbye.
After many ceremonies, he calls for wine.
Remember what you have said and show yourself true Romans.
But so soon as the sun is fading, the shady curtains from Aurora’s bed, away from light, steal my heavy son home.
All the charms of love, Salt Cleopatra, soften your wanned lip!
All the stories of the night were told and all their minds were rearranged. It is strange and admirable.
I knew all this before.
Antonio has certainly been wiped out.
Are my brother’s powers set up?
Isn’t there some whole thing we have to make sick?
Are they safe?
Are you in love with me as your rhymes say?
Are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice so much?
But you are not giddy with the fashion, so that you have shifted out of your story to tell me about the fashion.
You did not advise him, but he took care of getting her to be taught by the sane schoolmasters.
You are not drowned, are you?
As it is, we cannot miss him.
As all are mortal in nature, all nature in love is mortal in folly.
I think I am coming with Hermia here.
But as well?
I can’t tell you how I came here.
Be prepared for some unhappy words.
But being a widow, and my Gloucester with her, I will leave the entire building in my fancy to spit on my hateful life.
I am jealous.
I have never done you better than now to offer you a better service.
But brother Anthony— Come on, it does not matter.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
I will return to Romeo, who had only recently gotten revenge, and to see them go like lightning.
By immortality, she is mine.
He is an absolute master.
Can you guess that he is trying to do it?
Please be calm and do not be dismayed.
He is tearing down his beard, like winter’s drops from reeds.
Come on.
If you come to see what sorrow can do, it can't counteract the joy I have had in her sight for a minute.
I will tell you my entire device when I am in my coach, which stays for us at the gate.
Let’s go, my lord.
Come, young waver, come with me, I will be your assistant in one respect.
Come on, Bergomask.
They are dead, and they are a devilish slave.
I never spoke of that all the time.
Did you ever tell him she was false?
Did you ask to cut it?
Do you think the Prince would have served you like that?
Did you see them dead?
Did you hear that without wondering how your name should be hanged and carved on these trees?
Did your sister die of her love, my boy?
Do not go with it.
Do not look for more compensation than your own happiness.
Do not.
Do not stain the virtue of our enterprise, nor the insuppressive mettle of our spirits, to think that or our cause or our performance
Do you hear that you have married my daughter without asking my goodwill?
Does he know that I am in this forest and in the man’s clothing?
But down.
Perhaps it was different in blood.
They came, let me say no more.
If we could reach the point proposed, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I sink!”
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
Men who carry bags will see their children kind.
Do not worry about taking care of what is yours.
Most of them, and none of them.
I will release the fairy queen.
I will turn a fellow in his grave and then return to my love, chanting.
Do not fish with this melancholy bait for this fool gudgeon.
But for a fine, charming, graceful, and excellent manner, yours is worth ten.
But for all this you will have as many dolors for your daughters as you can tell in a year.
I have not spoken to him for his purpose in the coronation, and he has not delivered his gracious pleasure anywhere.
But for my daughter Katherine, I know that she is not for you. The more I am grieving.
But for the bloody napkin?
But for the handkerchief, I wish I had forgotten it.
But for the seventh reason.
But for the stuffing, we are all mortal.
But for the whole world?
For which of my good things did you suffer love first for me?
For your husband, he is noble, wise, judicious, and knows the best season.
But for your private satisfaction, because I love you, I will tell you.
But for your words, they rob the Hybla bees and leave them honeyless.
Do not be afraid, I say.
Get back.
Give me your hand, Menas.
How do you feel about this?
Good lieutenant, is your general wived?
Was he a chain of you?
Have you snuck the Athenian's eyes with the love juice, as I asked you to?
Have I fallen, or not?
Do I have any reason to cry?
Have you both denied to swear me?
He is armed with his fortune and is not responsible for the slander of his wife.
He has promised me that he will not hurt you as a gentleman and a soldier.
He has pushed me away and threatened me to strike me, spurn me, and kill me.
He loves Caesar best, but he loves Antony.
He says he loves you and does not need any other suitor except his liking to bring you back in.
He is asleep.
Whoever steals my good name from me steals everything that does not enrich him and makes me poor.
The man who tempered you told you to stand up, will not give you any reason why you should do treason unless you dub you with the name
Anyone who believes everything they say will never be saved by half of what they do.
He, poor man, died by your first order, and a winged Mercury was carrying it.
Listen, Gratiano.
But heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
Welcome, Mark Antony.
But here comes my father.
Here comes the lady.
But here they come.
Here is a parchment with Caesar’s seal.
Here is a villain who would face me down, he met me on the martin, and I beat him and charged him with a thousand marks
His flawed heart—alack, the conflict is too weak to support.
But hollow men, like horses at hand, make gallant promises of their mettle.
How did you want it to be made?
How did she receive his love?
How is it that this is what you think?
How long will her sweet life last?
How long will that title “ever” last?
How should Prospero live and be here?
But how?
How should we resist it now?
But wait, do not worry.
I am always the northern star, of whom I am a true-fixed and resting star, and I do not have any other person in the
I am a big blame.
I am sent to find those people who have written this letter, and I can't find what the author has written.
I am a shepherd to another man and do not shear the fleeces I graze.
Please forgive me for pardoning your Grace.
I can tell you why a snail has a house.
I can tell you that this duke has a bad reputation for his gentle niece, and that the people praise her for her virtues and pity her
I admit, sir, that we were locked out.
I am telling you that Fortinbras will be lighted by the election.
I see you are moving.
I think wives are faults if wives fall.
I do not feel this deity in my heart.
I had rather fast from all four days than drink so much in one.
I have reason to pry into this pedant.
But I have heard him say it is always appropriate that sons at perfect age and fathers decline. The father should be the ward to the son,
I do not have any.
I have spoken with one who saw him die, who said he confessed his crimes very frankly and made a deep repentance.
I have a son, sir, who is a little older than this, who is still no dearer than me.
I hope you do not want to turn your husband into a husband, have you?
I do not know anything, and I am not a beast.
I know that being up late is being up late.
I could see the fiery shaft of young Cupid sunk in the chaste beams of the moon.
I have to tell you clearly that Claudio is facing my challenge, and either I have to hear from him soon or I will be a coward
But I see you as so modest that you will not receive anything from me that I am willing to keep in.
Please tell him I am counterfeiting.
Please talk to him about young Master Launcelot?
Please tell me, is my boy alive or dead?
But please, who is his companion?
Please, can you read anything you see?
But now I remember I am in this earthly world, where it is often laudable to do harm, and to do good in a moment.
I will beg your pardon.
I will see that the wing’s vengeance overtakes such children.
I will tell my daughter that she is better prepared for a question if she is wrong.
I will not go out of here, do what they can.
I will punish you home.
But I will not marry.
I will tell you at some meet up season.
I will wed you in another key, with pomp, with triumph, and with reveling.
I will write again to Mantua, and keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
I will warm myself up with blowing the fire.
I would be loath to fall back into my dreams.
But I, who never knew how to eat, and never needed to eat, am starved for meat, giddy for lack of sleep, and
I wish I had been a woman.
I will punish you so harshly that you will all regret the loss of mine.
I will be hanged if he wears your livery.
I will catch your eyes even if they had wings.
I will go in.
I will not chide you.
I will see you soon.
If all the aims are false, the supposition of the lady’s death will stop the wonder of her infamy.
If he is at hand, I will be satisfied.
If he hadn’t been drinking, he would have thrown you out of the way.
If I give my wife a handkerchief, what then?
If I had enough wit to get out of this forest, I would have enough wit to serve my own purpose.
If it is a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul alive.
She would not care if she combped your noddle with a three-legged stool and painted your face and used you like a fool.
If she can't love you, sir?
If I am, then I know that your weeping sister isn’t my wife, and I am not a homage to her bed.
If the cause is not good, the king himself has a heavy reckoning to make when all those legs and arms and heads are chopped off in a
If these are enough fire to kindle cowards and to steel with the mighty women, then what do we need to do?
If you die before I come, you are a mocker of my work.
If you break her virgin knot before all holy ceremonies can be celebrated, the heavens won’t let fall to make this contract grow.
If your love were like mine, how many ridiculous actions have you been drawn to by your fantasy?
If we fail, we can do it on land.
If you remember, I did not ask you to go ahead.
If you refuse to marry me, you will give yourself to this faithful shepherd.
If you fail, you have to go away immediately.
If you have a stomach, then I will help you.
If you do not know this, my manners tell me we have got your wrong rebuke.
I do not care about you, sir.
I am not in the position of honor, and I will not be reconciled until some elder masters, who have known me, have a voice
But I would rather think it were not.
In this case of wooing, a child will get a sire if I do not do my cunning.
In this case, if you want your father’s voice, the other must be a better man.
I bury them in your daughter’s womb, where they will grow in that nest of spice.
My uncle taught me to speak, who was a man in his youth who knew too well about courtship, because there he fell in love.
But is all this for your father?
Is he often so?
Is there anything else that wants to see this broken music in his sides?
Isn’t there any sequel to this mother’s admiration?
What is this law?
It is getting me right, doesn’t it?
It is certain that I am all ladies, except you.
It is not a treason for English to cut French crowns, and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
It is true that the good Antonio, the honest Antonio, had a title good enough to keep his name company.
It will not take so long.
It is enough that the day will end, and then the end will be known.
It was, as I received it, and others, who cried in the top of me.
It is better for you to change your mind.
It would warm his spirits to hear from me that you left Antony and put yourself under his shroud, the universal landlord.
But jealous souls will not be answered like that.
You know that I have wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero’s gentlewoman, by the name of Margaret.
Let it go to God.
Give it to your enemy, who, if he breaks, you can face better with the penalty.
If I could seem too sudden, I would have smashed it with a longer treatise.
If I am guilty of self-destructiveness, I will stop my ears against the mermaid’s song.
Let her live.
Let it be.
Let it rest.
Let me hear the letter from your friend.
Let me go to my fortune and the caskets.
Let that go.
Let them measure us by what they want.
Let’s get the higher our opinion, that our lust-wearing lord can pluck Antony from the lap of the Egyptian widow
Let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I am beaten, there is only one shamed man who
Life itself, my wife, and the whole world are not worthy of your life.
Life, because we are tired of these worldly bars, never has the power to dismiss itself.
But little.
Look at it: find out your brother, where he is.
But Macbeth is.
Make some changes now.
But manhood is melted into curtsies, valor is melted into compliments, and men are only turned into tongues, and trim ones.
But, poor knight, what a terrible thing this is.
Men cannot do anything like that, and they cannot do anything like that.
My uncle-father and aunt-mother are fooled.
Nature should bring forth its own kind, all abundance, to feed my innocent people.
Near him, your angel is a feasant, as if he is a feasant.
But new things have struck nine.
I told him about myself, which was as much as asking him to pardon me.
No metal can bear half your envy.
I will not let my eyes go deeper than your consent gives you strength to make it fly.
But no more sights! Where are these gentlemen?
But not with such familiar situations as this, or with such free and friendly meetings as he used to.
I am not royal, as I am.
Watch me, signor.
But hurry up.
But now you can see, in the sand of thought, how London is poured out of her citizens.
But now I see our lances are only straws, our strength as weak, and our weakness past compare.
But now I was the lord of this fair mansion, master of my servants, and Queen o'er myself.
I will tell you joyous stories, girl.
But now in the division of the kingdom, it does not seem to be the dukes he values most, because equalities are so heavily weighed
Now my eyes, which I have snuck at you, do not hurt you.
The duke of Buckingham and I have come from visiting his majesty.
But now they are back with twenty mortal murders on their crowns and push us out of our stools.
Now, Baptista, I will go to your younger daughter.
But now I tell you, keep it to yourself that these enemies are put to death, and I am better off than I was before.
What do you say to my suit?
But now, my lord.
But we will have to fight for the state to condemn us.
How bitter it is to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
How odd it will sound that I have to ask my child forgiveness.
How vile an idol proves this god.
But, poor Gloucester, did he lose his other eye?
Older people feign as if they were dead, unwieldy, slow, heavy, and pale as lead.
I cannot be too far away, so I cannot be executed in his father’s sight.
Only one cup.
I will fight their legions one at a time.
One more thing— He will not be commanded.
One poor child, one poor and loving child, but one thing to rejoice in, and cruel death has catched it out of my sight.
Some of your resentful men do hourly carpentry and fight, breaking out of riots and rioting.
It is Maria’s hand.
But passion gives them power, and time gives them the opportunity to meet, tying extremities with sweetness.
You have repeated what you have ruined.
Tell me who.
Tell me, please, is he coming home?
If it were not registered, I think the truth should live from age to age, as it would be marketed to all people.
But say, sir, is it dinnertime?
I am saying something about what I have said before.
But seven years ago, in Syracusa, you know we have split.
But will it be soon?
Should I live in hope?
Should we wear these glories for a day, or should they last and we rejoice in them?
She is as far away from Sycorax as she does.
She is not.
She is now Marcus Antonius’s wife.
She keeps the lovable boy from being beaten, and she makes him happy.
But she, your subject, refuses such sovereignty.
Ships are only boards, sailors are only men.
Since he is better than me, we are able to win.
Since he is obscene and has no legal means to carry me out of his envy, I am opposing my patience to his fury.
Since it is as good as it is, do it for yourself.
Since the men’s affairs are still uncertain, let’s go with the worst that could happen.
But small to larger matters must give way to them.
Please, let me be.
But wait, see!
It is soft, but soft for a while.
Please, I beg you.
But wait!
But wait!
Tell me.
Do you speak this with a sad brow?
Speak, Egeus.
Stay for a while.
Stop my house’s ears, I mean my casements, and let the sound of shallow foppery not enter my sober house.
However, such officers do the king's best in the end.
But suppose them well and look at them all.
But I am sure we will not win him to it.
I am sure his bravery put me into a mighty passion.
I smile at swords, and I laugh to shame at them, branded by a man who is born a woman.
Take a taste of my finding him and enjoy it with good observance.
Tell me, aren’t you really insane?
Tell me, do you know my voice?
Tell me, is young George Stanley alive?
Do not tell me.
Do you hear whether Antonio has lost his life on the sea or not?
If I am forbidden to tell the secrets of my prison house, I could tell you a story that would heal your soul, freeze your young blood
I do not.
If it is a double-deal, sir, I wish you could make it another.
I am sure my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me.
When I am still using grief to make wild grief tame, my tongue should not name my boys until my nails are anchored in your eyes.
The word “compliment” is like two dog apes.
If you are making us hate you, you would never be able to live longer.
But you do not love me.
Forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, your savage mistress and your warrior love must be wedded and you come to give them joy and prosperity.
That is all that matters: omittance is not a quittance.
The man who goes up the hill, let him draw you after you.
But the rarity of it is beyond credit, as many rarities are.
I did not see any harm, and then I heard each syllable that sounded like a breath.
The mind is suffering when grief has mates and a good relationship.
Never a woman who is fair has a true face.
There are a lot of children who cry out on the top of the question and are clapped for it.
The Duke was given the chance to understand that Lorenzo and his wife Jessica were seen together in a gondola.
I have gotten my heart out of here, where I must live or have no life, the fountain from which my current runs or else dries
But there is a saying very old and true: “If you win France, then you must begin with Scotland first.
There is more work to be done.
I am not a fan of the bottom line, and I am not interested in the bottom line.
There is no good in your face if Antony is free and healthy. He will do a good favor to trumpet such good news.
I cannot command these to a semblance of harmony.
He has shaken off these offers, which do not serve his purpose, and so should you.
They will not pinch me, frighten me with urchin-shows, pitch me in the dark, and not lead me in the dark
But you are frying.
This eternal blazon must not be to ears of flesh and blood.
I will bring this good comfort to your Highness: The Breton navy is dispersed by the storm.
This is from my commission.
This is a worm that is odd.
This is a tastier thing, and the more it seeks to hide itself, the bigger it is.
But here’s the thing: our foot on the hills near the city will stay with us.
This is very bad, strange and unnatural.
This place is too cold for hell.
This is not the way to choose me for a husband.
I will break my staff, and I will drown my book deeper than ever.
Those who understood him smiled at each other and shook their heads.
But you have not been able to strike quickly.
But you have to be sure my spirits and my place are in their power to make this bitter to you.
You entertain your wooers with a gentle conference, soft and affable.
You would not think about how bad everything is about my heart.
But you are too much, my friend, and I will not wish you to her.
Even though I am a daughter to his blood, I am not to his manners.
Even if my words are mean, take them seriously.
But even if they do not jump on a just account—as in these cases, where the aim is often a little different—they all confirm
But even though you are adjudgmented to death, and you are not recalled to our honour for the slander, I will favor you in all
Even if we think so, it does not matter.
You will not marry her, I trust.
But your vile race, even though you learned, had something that good natures cannot be able to be with.
Until I come back, no bed will be guilty of my stay, no rest will be available to us.
Until that time, do not come near me.
But until today, his passion has not risen into a rage.
Be honest and give it to you again.
I think that even though I am native here, and have been born here, it is a common practice to be honored in the breach rather than
To Orlando, did he leave him there, and eat food to the hungry lioness?
To read his right wits is to read like this.
But for my own part, if I were as sane as a king, I could find it in my heart to give it all to you.
I will write “Rosalinda” on the fairest boughs or at every sentence, teaching all who read to know the
But was this near shore?
We are not allowed.
We are spirits of another kind.
We both obey and give up here, in the full bent, to lay our service free at your feet and to be commanded.
But we have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, and our unbitted lusts.
We will draw the curtain and show you the picture.
If you give him such a gift, there is gold and my bluest veins to kiss.
It is not well.
If I were Brutus, and Brutus Antony, there would be an Antony who would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue
If I were not in the better part of the world, I would not seek revenge, you present.
If the day came, I would rather be darkened than that I was couching with the doctor’s clerk.
What a fool I am to chat with you when I should give my bride a good morning and seal the title with a lovely kiss!
What sport are the ladies losing, monsieur?
What is your affair in Elsinore?
But what about Cicero?
But what about that?
What praise could you give to a worthy woman who, in the way of her merit, deserved to be a savage woman?
What is going on?
What do you say to Thursday?
What do you see?
What do I say about this?
What do we talk about when there is such a man as Orlando?
But what?
What is the trade you are doing?
What do you want?
What, is Catesby gone?
What is the matter, Clarence?
What is your slur?
What do you want?
When I tell him he hates flatterers, he says he does, being flattered.
When should we put the savage bull’s horns on the sensible Benedick?
When they are going to endure the bloody spur, they fall their crests and sink in the trial.
But when we grow in our viciousness, and have misfortune on it, the wise gods see our eyes, drop our clear judgments in our own
Where have you been, then?
Where is Kate?
The more the malady is fixed, the less the problem is.
Where will I go tomorrow?
When unloved young men with unstuffed brains sleep in their arms, there is golden sleep.
But where was this?
But where is my fool?
But where is the money?
Why aren’t you in your shop today?
Why couldn’t I say “Amen”?
Why did you tempt the heavens so much?
Why are you keeping me here so long?
Why did you kill my cousin?
While I say one prayer.
But while you are alive, keep a good tongue in your head.
But who is coming?
But who is coming?
But who is coming?
But who is coming?
But who is coming?
Who is going to tell her that?
Who is he?
But who was this?
Why should honor be more important than honesty?
Why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do that?
But will you woo this wildcat?
But with a rearward following Tybalt’s death, “Romeo is banned.
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
Caesar’s words could have stood against the world.
I do not believe that his grief is a result of neglected love. How are you, Ophelia?
If she did not hate him deadlyly, she would love him very much.
But you are still going to Egypt.
I cannot love him.
I am still afraid.
I am running before my horse to sell.
But I will go in hate to feed the prodigal Christian.
I will make sure I am sure I am able to make sure I am safe and have a chance.
It is not our trick.
I think it is very hot and sultry for my complexion.
You are my flesh, my blood, my daughter. Or rather, a disease that is in my flesh, which I must call mine.
You do not draw iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
He or Adrian, for a good wager, begins to crow first.
I would prefer him to be a better place to live.
I am saying that if you are satisfied with the truth, you may have.
I do not like the phrase “But yet.” It is all about the good news.
But you and I, and honest Casca, are suffering from the falling sickness.
You are not a man like that.
You have to learn to know such slanders of the age, or else you may be mistaken.
But you see my finger does not have the ring on it.
But you will find that the band that seems to tie their friendships together will be the stricken force of their friendship.
You, my honorable lords, may name the time, and I will speak to the duke in his name, which I presume he will take
You are perfect and so sane, and are created from every creature’s best.
You changed that, sir, for an hour before you took me from the sea, my sister drowned.
But you will be secret?
But you will lie like dogs, and you will say nothing.
But your news is not true.
Wait a minute.
But, alas, Caesar must bleed for it.
As he was ambitious, I slew him.
I can learn, he hears after prophecies and dreams, and he says a wizard told him that his issue should be disinherited by
I said, on Lammas Eve she will be fourteen.
As they say, the general does not care about listening to music.
As you say, sir, let your bounty take a nap, I will wake it up.
But Audrey, there is a young man in the forest who claims to you.
But brother, I can tell you strange news that you have not dreamed of.
He must build churches then, or else he will suffer thinking about it with the hobby-horse.
By your favor, how close is the other army?
Whatever you want, I love you so much that danger will seem sporty, and I will go.
First or last, your fine Egyptian cookery will have the fame.
He cannot buckle his sane cause in the belt of rule.
For my own part, it was Greek to me.
For true need, you heavens, give me the patience, patience I need.
But, for your conscience?
Please, gentle heavens, stop all intermissions.
Thank God, I would not need to help you, and I would be able to help you if there were no need.
Good Kate, mock me mercifully, the rather gentle princess, because I love you cruelly.
Good Laertes, you will do this, keep close to your room.
Listen, Charmian.
Listen, I hear the footing of a man.
But, hold on, take this garland on your brow.
Please do not let any of your people disturb me.
But I will tell you, when I say that, she looks as pale as any other woman in the versal world.
If you were the devil, you would be fair.
In faith, Kate, the older I become, the better I will appear.
Are you the one who hangs the verses on the trees where Rosalind is so famous?
You should love the friend of France, because I love France so much that I will not leave a village of it.
But Lepidus, go to Caesar’s house.
Let me see, by ten we will have each a hundred Englishmen.
But like a misbehaved and sullen wench, you are pouting on your fortune and your love.
To keep it from being divulged, let it feed even the smallest part of life.
Look, Cassius, the angry spot glows on Caesar’s brow, and all the rest look like a chidden train.
But, mistress, you know.
But, my good lord, why should you do this?
But, my good lord, this boy is born in the forest and has been tutored in the rudiments of many desperate studies by his uncle
I will tell you all your sanity in this case.
But, oh, grief, where have you led me?
I am not a fool.
On: six barbary horses against six French swords, their assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages.
Speak, Othello.
But Roderigo, if you have something in you, I have more reason to believe that this night will show it.
The room is fairy.
You should be ruled by me.
Please forgive me, sir, since my becomings kill me when they don’t look good to you.
Here comes your boy, sir.
I will deliver his challenge by word of mouth, write a notable report of valor, and drive the gentleman (as I know his youth will
But, sir, such a wild, wild, and usual slip.
But, sir, mark, we are using this phrase to say the dead are well.
But, sir, not for my sake, but for your master’s sake, I advise you to use your manners discreetly in any
You will pay for this sport as much as the metal in your shop will pay.
If I have been beaten up in this fight so far, I will go on.
But wait!
But wait!
Tell me, where is princely Richmond now?
Until the king comes out, and not until then, we will move to Southampton.
But he is a too unruly deer, and he is breaking the pale bones and snucks away from home.
If you were wedded, you would have some influence.
Get food and get yourself in flesh. Come with me to Juliet’s grave, because I have to use you there.
Buzz, buzz.
I think it is true, lady.
I do not know who I am.
By and by.
By and by.
By any other house or person?
By Cheshu, he is an ass, as in the world.
By Cheshu, he will defend his position as well as any military man in the world in the pristine wars of the Romans.
By Cheshu, I think he will plow up everything if there are better directions.
By Chrish, la, it is ill done.
I could not speak with Dromio since I sent him out of the martin.
He has wronged me by night and day.
By Dromio?
We were heaved from here, but we were blessed to be holed here.
God's sanity, it will be a hard way to hit.
I swear, by heaven, I will tell you.
I swear by heaven, I do not, I do not, gentlemen.
I saw my handkerchief in my handkerchief.
I will tell his majesty that I have been taunting him for a long time.
I will have it.
I swear by heaven, I will make a ghost of him that lets me.
I swear by God, it is appropriate to our age to think beyond ourselves, as it is common for younger people to be deprived of discretion.
I swear, I gave it to the doctor.
I swear that should be my handkerchief.
By heaven, your madness will be paid by weight until our scale turns the beam.
By heaven, you are wrong.
The duke will know how slack you were.
By Hercules, I believe I am right.
I have never been a king of the duke of Clarence, but I have been an earnest advocate for him.
Isis, I will give you bloody teeth if you are again with Caesar paragon.
I swear by Jacob’s staff, I do not think I am going to feast tonight.
By Janus, I do not think so.
By Jeshu, I am your Majesty’s countryman, I do not care who knows it.
By Jove that is thundering!
By Jove, I am not a coward for gold, and I do not care who feeds on my cost.
By Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Juno, I swear "Yes.” They do not want to do it.
Jupiter will not be revoked.
By Jupiter, if I were the wearer of Antonio's beard, I would not shave it today.
I will, and when I break that oath, let me turn into a monster.
I love you, Kate.
I swear, I was your mother in the years you have been a maid.
I swear he is very swift and sententious.
I swear, you have great reason to be sad.
I swear, a good nap.
I swear by my hand, and my father’s soul, that the work is not done.
I swear, here come the Capulets.
I do not care.
I swear by my holy order, I thought you were better prepared.
I swear by my knavery, if I had it, then I would be.
I swear I do, which I love most, even though I say I am a magician.
I swear by my life, I do.
I swear by my soul that man has no power to change me.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
I swear it is not so good, and I assure your cousin will say that.
I swear, that is a good song.
She is a pleasant-spirited lady.
I swear he will give the crow a pudding of this day.
I swear, I am sick.
I swear by my lord, I am talking about my thoughts.
I swear by my lord, I will speak to the king about my conscience.
I am not going to take her to this company.
I swear, it is well said.
I can't tell you what to think of it, my lord, but she loves him with a raged affection, and it is beyond the infinite
My little body is tired of this world, Nerissa.
By my side, you will never get a husband if you are so shrewd of your tongue.
Sir Toby, you have to come in early o'clock.
No, it is good to be one of my friends.
I swear, the fool has an excellent breast.
I swear, you have a good hand.
I am very happy.
No, I do not.
No, “what?
You are a man by our beards (if we had them).
By divine grace.
I know him well.
By running fast.
What else?
I will be at the height of heart-heaviness tomorrow, and I will think my brother is happy with what he wants.
I would rather accuse myself of such despair.
By the clock it is day, and dark night still strangles the lamp.
By your law of arms you were not bound to answer an unknown question.
By the way, it is like a camel.
We met my wife, her sister, and a rabble of vile confederates.
By the apostle Paul, shadows have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than can the ten thousand soldiers who were armed and led by Richmond.
By the eighth hour.
By the fire that makes Nilus's slime, I am going from here to your soldier, servant, making peace or war as you affect.
By nine o'clock.
The Lord, madam, you wrong me, and the world will know it.
By the mass, I was about to say something.
By the mess, my eyes are smuggling, and I will de-gud service, or I will go to death.
I swear by the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked is coming.
I believe my wife is honest and does not think she is.
By you, and this was the reason you returned from him: that he shook you and, in his blows, denied my house for his wife
By this hand, Claudio will give me a very good account.
I swear by this hand.
By this hand, I love you.
I will wear that gown with this hand.
By this hand they are scoundrels and substractors who say so about him.
I would hate him by this kind of chase, because my father hated his father very much.
By this leek, I will be terribly revenged.
By this light, a perfidious and drunken monster.
By this marriage, all the jealousies, which now seem great, and all the fears, which now threaten their lives, would be nothing.
I would slam the sternest eyes that look, outbrave the heart most daring on earth, pluck the young sucking cubs from the
I will kill him by this sword, the one who makes the first thrust.
I will, by this sword.
I think the dial is five.
By two o'clock I will be with you again.
What is the rule, sir?
What?
I swear by which I do not swear you love me, but my blood begins to flatter me.
By your way, hostess.
I swear by your gracious pardon, I am only singing after you.
I cannot help you visit them.
You are a good man, so I will have to rest.
No, you are patient.
By'r Lady, thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have never won more in their officers than in their person.
Caesar and he are more friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are on the field.
Caesar and Lepidus have made wars against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar is hard on me, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar gets money where he loses his heart.
Caesar has sent. Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself has work, and our oppression is more than what we expected.
Caesar is sad, and Lepidus is troubled. Pompey’s feast, Menas says, is plagued with greensickness.
Caesar is touched.
Caesar is waiting to hear.
Caesar sends greetings to the Queen of Egypt and asks you to study what you want to do to get him to you.
Caesar will go.
Caesar should be a beast without a heart if he stays at home today for fear.
Caesar sits down in Alexandria, where I will fight against his fate.
Caesar speaks.
Caesar, it has struck eight.
Caesar, all hail!
Caesar, and since Sextus Pompeius was spoiled in Sicily, we had not rated him for his part in the island.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I bring you the word Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates, to make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound
Caesar, I am going.
Caesar, I never stood on ceremonies, but now they are frightening me.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, my lord.
Caesar, you are revenged, even with the sword that killed you.
Caesar, you cannot die by traitors’ hands unless you bring them with you.
Caesar, your thoughts are affecting this.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar.
Caesar’s better parts will be crowned in Brutus.
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.
Caesar’s will?
Caesar’s.
Caius Ligarius is a man who rated him for speaking well about Pompey.
Caliban!
Call them.
Call Burgundy, Cornwall and Albany, with my two daughters’ dowers.
Call Claudio and some of my men.
Call my household servants out.
Call out Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest of the family.
Call her out to me.
Call her out, brother.
Call him here, soldier.
Call him here, Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my lady.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers.
It is my fear that keeps you in the house, not your own.
Call me what instrument you want, even if you can't fret me, but you can't play on me.
Call my guard, please.
Call my sister like that.
Call my train together. Degenerate bastard, I will not bother you.
Do not call me your stocks.
Call Philostrate.
Call the clotpoll back.
Call the messenger.
Call the slave back.
Call them back again.
Call them out.
Call yourself sister, because I am you.
Call me all my sad captains.
Call up the Master Constable.
Are you calling me fair?
Are you calling me daughter?
Are you calling this a “gamut”?
Do you call this a slur?
Do you call me?
Call me, good Mercutio.
Call me.
Have you called me, my lord?
Calling death banishment, you cut my head off with a golden ax and smiled at the stroke that killed me.
Is that my lord?
Are you calling your worship?
Calphurnia here, my wife, stays at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s cheek is pale, and Cicero looks like a ferret with a fiery face.
Cambio is transformed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Did he come home tonight?
Didn’t they come by you?
Have you come from Padua, from Bellario?
Can any of your neighbors tell you, Kate?
Can anything be done about this?
Can Fulvia die?
Can he be angry?
Can he deny that?
Can heaven be so envious?
Can I bear that with patience and not my husband’s secrets?
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can it be possible that no man saw them?
Can’t prayers pierce you?
Can virtue hide itself?
Can you blame her for being a maid who rose over with the virgin crimson of modesty?
Can you deny all this?
Can you do it?
Can you ask him out and be encouraged by a report?
Can’t you use your discontent to make money?
Can’t you imagine?
Can’t you stay for a while?
Can you recall any of the principal evils he committed to women?
Can you smell him out of that?
Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, is banished with her father?
Can you tell me whether one Launcelot who lives with him is living with him?
Can't live his life, dear God, so I can say, "The dog is dead."
Canidius and the rest of the people who fell away have entertainment but no honorable trust.
Canidius, our nineteen legions will be held by land, and our twelve thousand horse.
Can't a plain man live and think no harm, but he must be abused with silky, sly, insinuating jacks?
Can’t Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to the party?
Can you hold your eyes up for a while and touch your instrument a bit?
Can you remember a time before we came to this cell?
Can you help me so badly?
Can you command the beggar’s knee when you are kneeling?
Captain Fluellen.
Captain Jamy is a wonderful gentleman, that is true, and he is a great soldier and a great expert in the wars, based on my
Captain Macmorris, I beg you now, will you scold me, look at me, some disagreements with you as a part of the
Captain Macmorris, I think, under your correction, there are not many of your nation.
Captain Macmorris, when there is more opportunity to be required, look, I will be so bold as to tell you I know the rules
Captain, I beg you to do me good.
He is always in the eye of every old man, and when he is in the mood, he will never lie.
Then he was transported to Colmekill, the sacred storehouse of his predecessors, and guardians of their bones.
Take him to my fairest room and hang it around with all my ill-fated pictures.
Go to jail?
Go to jail for this mad man. Father Baptista, I am telling you that he is ready.
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what is going on.
Casca, be sudden, because we are afraid of prevention.
Casca, by your voice.
Casca, you are the first person to raise your hand.
If Cassio did top her, ask your husband else.
Cassio has been set on here in the dark by Roderigo and fellows who have escaped.
Cassio does not know you.
Cassio will have my place.
Cassio, do you think they should be the ones who have mangled you?
Cassio, my lord, has killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio is a good man.
Cassio is my worthy friend. My lord, I see you are moved.
Cassius will deliver Cassius from the bondage.
Cassius, be calm.
Cassius, do not be fooled.
Cassius, go to the other street and part the numbers.
Cassius, what night is this?
Get it out of here.
Do not cast on water.
Cast your humble slough,” says she.
You should go to the duke.
Catesby, look at the walls.
Catesby.
The lust of the king is never more admired than the lustful.
Censure me in your wisdom, and awaken your senses so you can judge better.
You are a sane woman, with rich leas of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peas.
Some, then.
Certain men should be what they seem.
I will bet my conscience will help me run away from this Jew, my master.
Yes, sir, I can.
Cesario is your servant’s name, fair princess.
Cesario, come, because you will be as good as you are while you are a man.
Cesario, you do not keep your promise with me.
Cessez!
Challenge me to fight with him.
Do you change your color?
Charles, I thank you for your love for me, which you will find I will be requiting.
Charmian, listen.
Charmian!
Chastisement!
Cheer your heart.
Cheers, boys.
Cheers, Adam.
Is that the nature’s frame frugal?
Do not let go of it without a sigh of relief.
Chill your teeth, sir.
Choose your revenge yourself.
Chop off his head.
Chopped logic.
Cicero is dead, and he is a proscription.
Cicero one?
Clarence still breathes, Edward still lives and reigns.
Claribel.
Claudio!
Cleopatra has nodded him to her.
Cleopatra, Do you think there was or could be such a man as I dreamed of?
Cleopatra, Why should I think you are my true man, even though you swear to shake the throne gods?
Cleopatra, who only caught the most noise of this, dies instantly.
Cleopatra, do not abuse my master’s bounty by removing yourself.
Cleopatra, not what you have reserved or what you have acknowledged.
Close by, my master.
Clubs cannot break them.
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Cobweb.
I am cold to people.
Cold, cold, my girl, even like your chastity.
Is it coldhearted toward me?
Do you have to pay for ransom again?
Come on, good Audrey.
Come away, go away.
Come away, servant, come.
Come on.
Come between us, Benvolio.
Come by and by to my room.
Come down, see no more.
Come down.
Come out, I say.
Come out, you fearful man.
Come out.
Come from your ward, because I can disarm you with this stick and make your weapon drop.
Come here, captain.
Come, Catesby.
Come here, come!
Come here, Fabian.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, gentlemen, and lay your hands on my sword again.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Come here, herald, let the trumpet sound, and read this.
Come here, knight.
Come here, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come here, my mistress.
Come here, Seacole.
Come here, Nurse.
Come here, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, sir.
Come here, rogue!
Come on, wake Diana with a hymn!
Come in, tailor.
Let’s go.
Come like shadows, so depart.
Do not come in here, uncle.
Do not come near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
What dances should we wear away this long time of three hours between our dinner and bedtime?
Come on, let’s talk about your promise.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on, then.
Come on, tell me.
Come on, come on.
Come on, my lord, look good and look good.
Come on, God's name, and go back to our father’s house.
Come on, Nerissa, I have some work to do that you do not know.
Come on, sir, tell me how you have done your job.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, come on.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, one more.
Come out of the storm.
Come on the next sabbath and I will be happy to help you.
Come on.
Come on, take the last warmth of my lips.
Are they from a noble family?
Do not come out for ransom, gentle herald.
Come on, Signior Fabian.
Come to me, so I can speak more about this.
Come to me soon after dinner, Tyrrel, when you tell me the process of their death.
Come to what matters.
Come with a thought.
Come with my lady.
Are you coming from old Bellario?
Do you come to make confession to this Father?
Come on, sir.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, “The croaking raven bellows for revenge.”
Come on, Antonio.
Come on, get out of here.
Come on, go away.
Come on, Balthasar, we will hear that song again.
Come on, be a man.
Come on, start.
Ask me to do anything for you.
Come, bird, come.
Come, blade, my breast.
Come with me, boy.
Come on, boy.
Come, firebrands, firebrands.
Come on, bring me to my chance.
Come, bring me where they are.
Come, bring us, bring us where he is.
Come, brother; let’s go!
Come on, hurry up, hurry up.
Come on, Casca, you and I will see Brutus at his house on the day.
Come on, Charmian.
Come, civil night, you handsome matron, all in black, and learn how to lose a winning match played for a pair of stainless steel
Come, take a queen who has many babies and beggars.
Come on, come away.
Come on, come away.
Come with me, and we will make a short work.
Come, come, go away.
Come, come, dispatch.
Come on, do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit?
Good wine is a familiar creature, if it is well used.
Come, come, let’s go.
Come on, I will not be a fool anymore, to put the finger in the eye and weep while man and master laugh my sorrows.
Come on, you are as hot a Jack in your mood as any other in Italy, and you are as soon as you are feeling moody
Come on, come, we are afraid of the worst.
Come, come, we know what you mean.
Come, come, fight with your affections.
Come on, you are a fool, and you have turned it into the extreme love of love.
Come on, you froward and unable worms!
Come on, come, you will never meet a more dependable man.
Come on, you are drunk.
Come on, come!
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, cousin, I am sure you love the gentleman.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come, Desdemona, I have only an hour to spend with you.
Come, Dolabella, see the high order in this great honor.
Come down into the boat.
Come on, draw the curtain, Nerissa.
Come, Dromio, come, these sneezes are out of season.
Come, father, I will give you a friend.
Come, for the third time, Laertes.
Come, Friar Francis, be brief, only to the plain form of marriage, and you will tell us their duties later.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go to my tent to discuss the business of tomorrow.
Come on, gentlemen, let’s go.
Come on, go with me.
Come in.
Come on, we will go to the king.
Come on, we will go to the king.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come on, go.
Come on, good Athenian.
Come on, good fellow, put your iron on.
Come, Grey.
Come, Hamlet, come and take this hand from me.
Come on, hang them on this line.
Come, help your master.
Come on, how would you praise me?
Come on, I will bring you to your bridal chamber.
Come on, I will have you, but I will take pity on you.
Come on, I will leave you with a sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I will go in with you.
Come, what key should a man take you to go in the song?
Come, example.
Come on, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come on, Kate, we will go to bed.
Come on, let me have a bigger one.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
Let’s go.
Come on, let’s wait until we get ready, so that we can digest our savages in some form.
Come on, let’s go to the banquet.
Come on, let’s go to the castle.
Come on, let’s all take care of our hands until we have soaked our sense in a soft and delicate Lethe.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Let’s go.
Let’s do so.
Come on, let’s have one other gaudy night.
Do you want to comfort Edward with our company?
Come on, march to fairs and markets.
Come on, Menas.
Come on, mistress Kate, I will keep you safe.
Come on, more, more.
Come, my dear Cordelia.
Come on, my lord, and tell me in our flight how it came that I was found sleeping with these mortals on the ground.
Come on, my lord.
Come on, my words.
Come on, my sweet Kate.
Come on, my young soldier, put up your iron.
Come, Nerissa.
Come, night.
Come, no matter what you are doing.
Come on, one for me.
Come, poor friends, rest on this rock.
Come on, prepare.
Come on, put my armor on.
Come, Romeo.
Come, find out the conspirators.
Come on, will I make you two friends?
Come on, should we do it?
Come on, should we fall to work?
Come on, should we go and kill us?
Come on, should we hear this music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there is no remedy.
Come, sir, get out of here.
Come on, sir, I am for you.
Come, sir, please, go.
Come on, sir, I will not let you go.
Come to dinner, sir.
Come, sir, what letters did you have from France late?
Come on, sir, will you come aboard?
Come on, sir, you threw it to her, and her will is that it should be returned.
Come on, sir.
Come on, sire, no more.
Come on, sir.
Come, sister. Shepherdess, look at him better and be not proud.
Come, sisters, cheer him up and show us the best of our delights.
Come sit down, every mother’s son, and listen to your thoughts.
Come on, sit on me.
Come on, sit, sit, and sing a song.
Come on, listen to some music.
Come on, listen to some music.
Come on, stir up, stir up, stir up!
Come on, sweet Audrey.
Come on, tailor, let’s see it.
Come on, tailor, let’s see these ornaments.
Come on, do not talk about her.
Come, temperate nymphs and help celebrate a true love contract.
Come on, the recorders!
Come on, there is a sauce for it.
Come, and send his body to Thasos.
Come, day in night, because you will be more White than snow on a raven’s back.
Come, you mortal wretch, with your sharp teeth this knot is intrinsic to life once again.
Come on, you tortoise!
Come on, throw it out of my face.
Come on, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, go and enter Harfleur.
Come on, Vaughan.
Come on, vial.
Come on, wait on him.
Come, warble, come.
Come on, we are burning daylight!
Come on, we will have him in a dark room and bound him.
Come on, we will sleep.
Come on, what does Romeo say?
Where is the chain?
Come on, why should you be so sane?
Come on, will you come with me?
Come on, listen to me, listen to me, because now I am in a holiday mood, and I am like enough to consent.
Come on, you and I will go here now.
Come on, you are too serious to be moral.
Come on, you are fooling yourself.
Come on, you look paler and paler.
Come on, listen to your broken music, because your voice is broken and your English broken.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Is Caesar coming to the Capitol tomorrow?
Is his army on the way?
Isn’t that blood as modest as it is to witness simple virtue?
Is there any more of it?
Be calm.
Two mighty eagles fell on our former ship, and they perched there, sanding and feeding from our soldiers' hands.
Command him away.
Give him a shout and tell him I will not fail him at dinner, because he is really prepared.
Give my praises to Lord William.
Give my Lord praise.
Give my praise to your lady, and ask her to hurry up to bed.
Give my praises to your lady.
Give my praise to your mistress.
Give my praises to your daughter.
Have you been told?
Come on, come on!
Company is coming.
Tell the Duke of this indignity.
Conceit the weakest bodies in the strongest works.
Ask her father.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, Brags of his substance, not of ornament.
It is a blessing to think about it, but as your daughter may think, look at it.
Let’s conclude that he is in love.
Go to my host.
I would have been a part of my confession.
Give her your help to put you back in your place.
I am working on my medicine, my work.
They were arranged in the same manner you gave them in charge, as you left them in the grove which protects your cell.
Confirmed, confirmed!
He is now making a mistake.
Confusion’s cure does not live in these confusions.
I say.
Conscience and grace, to the deepest pit.
I should stay with my master, who is a kind of devil.
If you are willing to pay me for something that I never had?
Accept to swear.
Think about how it stands for me.
Let’s look at the fact that we are only coming in spite of it.
Contemning Rome, he has done all this and more in Alexandria.
Contending with the fretful elements.
Let’s go gentle coz.
What is the difference between Hermia and her?
Let’s go, gentlemen.
Good-bye.
Content.
Content.
Go get her to my tent.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood, then the charm is firm and good.
Coraggio, bully-monster, if these are true spies I wear in my head, here is a good sight.
Corinth first.
We will be back for a while.
Could beauty have better business than honesty?
I could repair what she will wear in me, and it would be better for Kate and better for myself.
Could my brother suffer you to do it? A man, a prince by him so benefitted?
Can’t a worm, an adder, do that?
Can’t you tell me that I hate you and made me leave you like that?
Don’t you have to give up?
Claudio?
Count the clock.
Take my daughter, and with her I will be able to do my best.
Counterfeit, I assure you.
Counterfeit?
County Claudio, when are you going to church?
Add it to something.
Be calm, man.
Be calm.
Good lord, let’s say one thing.
Cousin of Buckingham, let’s talk to you.
Cousin, you weren’t going to be so dull.
Cousin, you are apprehending shrewdly.
Cousins, I hope the days are near and that the rooms will be safe.
Cousins, you know what you have to do.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Crack your fragile case!
He has been killed.
Do not croak, black angel.
Do not cross him in nothing.
Tell him that, and then we will put a sting on him so he can be in danger.
Crowner’s quest law.
I have crowns in my purse and goods at home, and so I am coming abroad to see the world.
Please, cry “holla” to your tongue.
Tell me one fair word to my gossip, one nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Abraham Cupid, who is so true when
Please tell us, gentlemen, that you are a tardy sluggard.
Give the man mercy, love him, and take his offer.
Crystal is muddy.
Cunningham.
Cupid is a knavish man who makes poor females mad.
Cure her of that.
Do not curse yourself, fair creature; you are both.
I am sorry I did.
Cursed to be your stones for deceiving me like this.
Cut my lace, Charmian, and come!
“D'elbow.” “D'elbow,” “De nick,” “De nick
Damned as you are, you have enchanted her.
Do you want to kill a friend of mine?
The dark night, that takes the eye, makes the ear more panicy.
Darkness and devils.
It does not matter how much France loves you. I cannot tell you how to kiss.
Day, night, tide, time, work, play, alone, in company, I have always been a good friend to have her matched.
You are dead.
Dead, dead?
I think it is dead. Help, uncle!
That is dead, then?
Dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I am more sane than I am a mistress, and would you be a bit merrier?
Please, contradict yourself and say it is not true.
Dear general, I never gave you any reason to say anything.
Dear Kate, you and I cannot be confined to the poor list of country's fashion.
You should believe it.
Dear lady, Please leave me alone.
Hello, dear lady.
Dear love, adieu. Aon, good Nurse!
Dear master, I cannot go any further.
I do not know her.
Dear Lord, if you have defended her youth and defeated her virginity, I know what you would say: if I knew her, you would say
Dear Lord, tell me what you are saying.
Dear sir, stop!
Dear sovereign, listen to me.
Dear, they would not, and I did not, because my people bore me, or put a mark on the business.
Dearly, my delicate Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the best cover for her shame that could be wished for.
Death is on her like a frost on the sweetest flower in the world.
He is still alive, though he is not alive.
One person can only pay death once, and she has been paid.
Death of your soul!
Death, in a guerdon of her wrongs, gives her fame that never dies.
Death, who sucked the honey of your breath, has no power on your beauty.
Death, who has sent her to make me cry, ties up my tongue and won’t let me speak.
Death, traitor!
Death is the end of all.
Decius Brutus does not love you.
Decius, tell them that Caesar will not come.
Decius, well urged.
Declare your job.
Do it!
Do not delay, Caesar.
Wait for a month, a week.
Do not ask me anything.
Demand.
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.
Demetrius loves her, and he does not love you.
Demetrius loves you.
Demetrius does not think so.
Demetrius, I will keep my word with you.
That is what I am saying.
Denmark is a prison.
Don't give me this, and you will be cursed forever.
Do you refuse to speak with me?
Descend, brother, I say.
Descend, because you are my torchbearer.
Descendant.
I would like him to go in.
Stop, and drink.
Despair and die.
Despair, and die.
Do not shame me if I do not.
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, and killed.
Don’t jot down, I am telling you.
Dexterously, good madonna.
Did you wake up?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Dian ever become a grove as a grove as Kate in this chamber with her princely gait?
Did a dragon ever keep such a beautiful cave?
Did he ask for me?
Did he confess?
He was alive now.
Didn’t he ever make you laugh?
Didn’t he discredit my authority with yours rather than make the wars against my stomach, having the same effect on your cause?
Did he say my brother was leaving?
Did he get you well?
Did he take interest?
Did heaven look on and do not want to take part?
Did I deserve nothing more than a fool’s head?
Did I ask you to meet me in the park and bring these rascal knaves with you?
Didn’t I meet your friends?
Didn’t I tell you she was innocent?
Didn’t I, fellow?
Did I ever love Caesar like that?
Did Michael Cassio know when you wooed my lady, about your love?
Did my father strike my gentleman for chiding at him?
Didn’t great Julius bleed for justice?
Didn’t her kitchenmaid scold me, taunt me, and scorn me?
Did you speak?
Didn’t you tell me I should know the man he had on his clothes?
Did she see you there for a while, old boy?
Did this companion with the saffron face feast on the saffron face and feast it at my house?
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
Did we, my lord?
Did you and he consent to Cassio’s death?
Did you talk to him?
Did you have a conversation with this lady?
Did you ever cure anything like that?
Did you know him?
Did you hear someone say, “Two can keep a good friend, putting one away?
Did you never see the picture of “We Three”?
Did you speak to it?
Did you see how he laughed at his vice?
Did you say everything?
Did you say Cassio?
Did you see him?
Did you see Master Lorenzo?
Did you send to him?
Did you?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief?
Dido and her Aeneas will want troops, and all the haunts will be ours.
Did you hear her speak?
Didn’t you mention that?
Did you see?
Did you see Octavia?
Did you dream, Lucius, that you cried out loud?
Did you give everything to your two daughters, and are you coming to this?
Did you hear these verses?
Did you fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter?
Did you hear a noise?
Did you hear someone?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
Did you kill this king?
Didn’t you say he is coming?
Didn’t you say he lied?
Did you see anything?
Die and be damned, and it is good.
Die for adultery?
Die when you have lived.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I swore to do this ruthless butchery, were fleshed villains, bloody dogs, and melted with tenderness
Have I been drinking at home?
Ding, dong, bell.
I am going to Caesar’s funeral.
Are you a bit sceptical about that?
Discuss: are you a commander or are you a common, popular, and common person?
She is so angry and angry that everything else seems weak to her.
Do not be ashamed of your mothers.
Is it disloyal?
Don’t you think this is the captains Macbeth and Banquo?
Dismiss me?
Dismiss me.
Go see what you are doing.
Take your tuck away, be prepared, because your assailant is quick, skillful and deadly.
We are now in awe of the disorder that has spoiled us.
Let’s get to the point, so that our king will ask about our delay, because he has already landed in this land.
Dispose, I say, and find the forester.
Discord.
Dispatch, Enobarbus!
Thank you, love, that you could see my wars today, and that you knew the royal occupation.
Disput it like a man.
Do not dissemble your hatred.
Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain so I can say the gods weep.
Do it, knight.
Do it.
Do all men kill the things they do not love?
Go, as I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do as you want, because I have done with you.
Just go after him and see how he continues.
Look.
You will be a good boy for your French part, and for my English part, take the word of a king and a bachelor.
Just read.
Do I invite you?
Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop?
Do I speak to you fairly?
Do it immediately, or your services are only a result of accidents.
Do it carefully, and the noble and true-hearted Kent was banished for his offense.
Do not do it with poison.
Do it quickly.
Do it, England, because like the hectic in my blood, he rages, and you have to cure me.
Do it.
Do not play me foul, friends.
Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice.
Do not abuse me.
Do not answer me.
Do not go to the hotel until you hear me call you.
Do not believe that I would play and trifle with your reverence.
Do not ask me to speak.
Do not break it off, because we can pity you, even if we do not pardon you.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Do not deny that.
Do not want to see this letter.
I will have my lord and you as friendly as you were.
Do not worry about our person.
Do not fret about the action, monsieur.
Do not go out today.
Do not laugh at me because I think this lady is my child.
Do not learn about him, Emilia, even if he is your husband.
Do not lie so close to me.
Do not presume I am my love.
Do not rise yet.
Do not run away.
Do not say “banishment.” From now on, you are banned from Verona.
Do not say that, Lysander.
Do not say that, my lord.
Do not do that.
Do not swear at all.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
Do not walk too close.
Do not think it is so unwholesome.
Do not think I am drunk, gentlemen.
Do not torture me, please.
Do not torture me.
Do not cry, do not cry.
Do not chide yourself.
Do you hear a cry?
Do you love me?
Do not interfere.
Do not wear your dagger in your cap that day, so he won’t knock that over.
Don’t do yourself such a wrong, who are in this ruined situation but not betrayed.
Do not, my lord.
Do not, Phoebe.
Do Poor Tom some charity, whom the foul fiend vexes.
Do so, and after two days I will leave you.
Do so, and tell my sweet to prepare to scold me.
Do so, Messala.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do that good mischief that could make this island your own forever, and I, Caliban, for your footlicker.
Do the boys carry it away?
Do then, but I will not hear anything.
Are they getting rusty?
Do they think they did the same thing when I was in the city?
Do this quickly, and turn him into a man.
Do this suddenly, and do not go searching and inquisition to bring back these foolish runaways.
Do you stand for him?
You are meeting me at the harbor. Come here.
Do your duty, and do your duty, because my master and mistress are almost dead.
Do your job.
Do your worst.
We all have holy rites.
We will only find the power of the tyrant tonight, so we can be beaten if we cannot fight.
Do so.
Do we bother you?
Do what you want, and you will be dishonored by humor.
Do you change it then?
Do you think his "tenders,” like you call them?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Are you coming near me now?
Do you confess so much?
Do you confess the contract?
Do you agree that we will inform him of it as we need it to be, and as we need it?
Do you doubt that?
You are tempted to anger Cassio either by speaking too loud or tainting his discipline, or by letting him go.
Do you feel so dreadful that you cannot let this go?
Are you back feeling dismayed?
Do you hear a battle about it?
Do you hear that, Cassio?
Do you hear them, masters?
Do you hear me, minion?
Do you hear that?
Do you want it?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you know him?
Do you know me, Father?
Do you know me, my lord?
Do you know me, sir?
Do you know them?
Do you know what you are saying?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you like this rush?
Do you love me?
Do you remember that, my lord?
Do you remember that?
Do you doubt this sword and these wounds?
Do you hear him?
Do you hear it ring?
Do you not hear me speak?
Don’t you hear anything?
Don’t you scold?
Don’t you know I am a woman?
Do you know me, Father?
Don’t you remember that Bardolph saw a flea stick on Bardolph’s nose?
Don’t you remember, lady, that in your father’s time you were a Venetian, a scholar and a soldier
Don’t you see that I am out of breath?
Do you see in all this noble company where you owe most obedience?
Do you put tricks on a bunch of savages and men of Ind, ha?
Do you have a fight?
Do you think I should be a good man, because I am a simple, honest man?
Do you see this, God?
Do you see a cloud that is almost like a camel?
Do you see, gentlemen?
Do you sing it, and I will dance it.
Do you smell a fault?
Do you speak in the sick tune?
Do you think I meant that country matters?
Do you think I will be sworn in?
Do you win?
Do you wish the gods had made me poetical?
Take a moment to get out of here.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it, my friend.
Do, good William.
Please, I am sorry, but I will admit that tears do not become a man.
Do not do it if it does not stand.
Do, with a timorous accent and a dire yell, as when the fire is spied in populous cities.
Do it, young sir.
Do it.
Does anyone know me?
Does he rave?
Does she?
Doesn’t it go well?
Doing is a job, and he will still do it.
Dolabella, I will remain your debtor.
Dolabella!
Dolabella!
Dolor comes to him, indeed.
The civil war will devastate all parts of Italy.
Don Pedro is approaching.
Donalbain.
The Hero who died here was slanderous.
Do not.
Dorset has fled to Richmond.
Dorset, embrace him.
Do you fall?
Do you grant me, hedgehog?
Do you affect her, Claudio?
Do you believe that the boy can do all this that he has promised?
Are you calling me a fool?
Do you forget what a torment I freed you of?
Do you hear it, Iago?
Do you hear anything, lady?
Do you hear me, my honest friend?
Do you hear it?
Do you still live there?
Do you think, in conscience, that there are women who abuse their husbands in such a cruel manner?
Do you know me, fellow?
Do you know the difference between a bitter fool and a sweet fool?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you live by your slur?
Do you love me?
Do you love pictures?
Do you mean the crown?
Do you mock me?
Don’t you bring me letters from the friar?
Don’t you see my baby at my breast, that is the nurse who sleeps?
Don’t you suspect my place?
Don’t you suspect my years?
Are you scolding, rogue?
Do you say that?
Are you squinting at me?
Do you think Alexander looked like this on earth?
Do you think I am looking for a satire or an epigram?
Do you think if I stood against you, would the retribution of any trust, virtue, or worth in you give you your words?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand me?
Is Fortune playing the huswife with me now?
Doesn’t he deserve a good deal?
Don’t he re-empower him?
Is his Majesty indifferent to it or not?
Is it going to be that you should love his son?
Is it?
Does my simple feature help you?
Don’t you say yes?
Don’t Brutus kneel without a boot?
Doesn’t my wit become me very rarely?
Don’t you break the day here?
Doesn’t the gentleman deserve as much a bed as ever as Beatrice will sleep?
Doesn’t she count her blessed, unworthy, lady that we have made such a worthy gentleman to be her bride?
I am going to die.
Is the moon shining that night?
Is this news of good King Edward’s death?
Do you hear your other mouth call me?
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
It is not true, as two spent swimmers clinging together and choking their art.
A raven, ravening lamb, feathered by doves.
They are centaurs, though women are all above.
I will tell you in your ear that you can sell when you can; you are not for all markets.
Down with him, thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Down with the topmast!
Down, and swear.
Go down and beg the Duke to forgive him.
Close, sluggish windows.
Draw and come.
Draw your honest sword, which you have worn most effectively for your country.
Draw the curtain straight.
Draw the curtains.
Draw your sword and give me a stroke of death.
Draw your sword.
Draw your tool.
Draw together.
Draw up your powers.
Draw, you fool!
Draw, you rascal.
Draw your sword, even if it is night yet the moon shines.
Draw your sword, or I will make you so rogue.
Dream on, dream on, of bloody deeds and death.
Drink.
Drink when I asked you.
Dromio, you, Dromio, you snail, you slug, you sot.
Dromio, go ask the servants to spread for dinner.
Dromio, or you?
What did you have to do with mine?
Drones are not coming with me.
Drowning cats and blind puppies.
Do you want to drown yourself?
Drunk?
We drink our blood with dry sorrow.
Dry up her body and never give her a baby to honor her.
You are due for a necklace your husband had with him.
Duke Frederick, hearing how men of great worth retreated to this forest every day, addressed a powerful power who were on foot in his own way.
I am saying that.
I am not sure what is going on.
That is true, my lord.
That is true.
The Nile is a pretext for famine.
Every heart in Rome loves and pitys you.
Every new day, new widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrows strike heaven on the face so that it resounds like it
We will rise and leave early tomorrow.
In fact, stealing men often do so near the bottom run by fear or a sluggish sluggish.
I am nothing.
Edmund and I have talked, and he is more convenient for my hand than for your lady’s.
Edmund is gone, I think, in pity of his misfortune to dispatch his night life, and to descry the strength of the enemy.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Edmund, goodbye.
Edmund, seek him out, turn me into him.
Why are you dead?
Edward’s unhappy sons want you to flourish.
Egypt, you knew too well that my heart was tied to your rudder and you should swoop me after you.
Eight score eight hours?
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast, and only twelve people were there.
Either be patient and be fair, or I will drown your exclamations with the clamorous report of war.
Either heaven strikes the murderer dead with lightning, or the earth opens wide and eats him quick.
Either my eyesight fails, or you look pale.
Either send the necklace, or send me some token.
Either there is a civil battle in heaven, or the world, too sane with the gods, encourages them to send destruction.
Either you or I, or both of us must accompany him.
Either you, Macbeth, or I will shave my sword with an unbattered edge again and again.
Either go to some private place and explain your grievances coldly, or else go away.
The Puck is a liar call.
Richmond’s rash-stricken strength makes me more upset with him than Buckingham's.
All three of them are ready.
Emilia, run to the citadel and tell my lord and lady what has happened. Do you want to go on this journey?
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber.
Enjoy your plainness.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, with his bounty over $100,000.
Enobarbus, welcome.
Enobarbus?
Enough to buy what you have made known.
Enough, Captain.
Enough, I am engaged.
Enough.
Enough.
Enough.
Enter the castle, sir.
Epicurism and lust make it more like a tavern or a brothel than a palace.
If he leaves this grove, you will fly him, and he will seek your love.
He is going to take ship for France and Southampton.
I will obey.
I am sorry, I am telling you how my good friend is doing.
I would say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen, and I would change my humanity with a baboon.
I wish I could copy it.
The bat has escaped his cloistered flight, and the black Hecate’s summons the shard-borne beetle.
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
Eros, do you see me yet?
Eros, would you be hung in the great Rome and see your master like this with pleached arms, bending down his corrigible neck
I am wrong about the bill, sir. I am wrong about the bill.
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, a bliss in our brows’ bent bent, and none of our parts were so poor.
You would trot as well if some of your brags were dismounted.
There is a toy in hand, sir.
It is just like a flattened dream or a useless fancy.
Even as men wracked on a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide.
Thank you for that.
I am asking you, for our love of old, to hold my sword in my hands while I run on it.
Now, even for the blood I lost for you, I will get justice.
The one who makes her queen.
Yes, he is right, madam.
He is just that, sir.
He is just that.
We are shaking hands here.
Antipholus has given me just the money I owe you.
Now a tailor called me in his shop and showed me silks he had bought for me, and then took my measurements.
We have housed him in the abbey here, and now he is thinking about human reason.
Now, very soon, an old black ram is tupping your white ewe.
Now, sir.
Even or oddly, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night, she will be fourteen.
She is the Hero of Leonato, your Hero, every man’s Hero.
Since you left it.
Even great men should endure great losses.
She lies in that she is weeping and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Can one catch the plague so quickly?
And so?
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true. Cover their faces.
You are a husband like her for a wife.
You will be here tonight at my house.
And then this plague is fated to us when we get ready.
That is what I am paying for.
The tragedians of the city are the ones you were willing to delight in.
I will do whatever I want, my lord.
Even if you want, since you will have it.
Ever weeping for your cousin’s death?
Every hour he is committing one crime or another that puts us all at odds.
Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil.
Every man looks at his part.
Everybody wants to follow this beautiful corse to her grave.
Every one who does that is a traitor and must be hanged.
Everyone.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone knows that sound can distinguish itself.
Everything is fine.
Excuse me, my lord.
Good, I am sure.
Good.
Good luck!
Good.
I am sure it is excellent for the chameleon’s dish.
Excellent!
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Give me forgiveness, noble Hamlet.
Do not say anything else.
Experience, manhood, honor, never before did it.
Expose yourself to what wretches feel, so you can shake the superflux to them and show the heavens more just.
Expound to me, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look at your last sight.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian cannot hold him back.
Do not face me.
Do not miss our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, we are your guest tonight.
Beatrice, thank you for your efforts.
Good daylight?
If I am fair Katherine, and I am fair, will you be tempted to teach a soldier what to say, like to say at a lady
Ladies, you are dropping manna in the way of starvation.
Dear lady, I am coming by your permission to give and receive.
Do you think you are a fool?
Then there may be a more beautiful girl like Bianca.
Good lovers, you have been blessed to have you.
You have lost a lot of good sport.
I am called Vincentio, my residence Pisa, and I am bound to Padua to visit a son of mine that I have never seen
I pity her, sir, and I wish I could help her more than I do myself.
Young man, I wish I could make you believe I love you.
If you are a little bit sane, let me excuse myself.
I am right.
Fairy King, come and see.
Yes, he is losing his wits.
Yes, he has been arrested for serious matters.
Yes, he has boarded a land carrack tonight.
Yes, we are her privates.
Yes, here is an English tailor who has come here for stealing a French hose.
Yes, I can tell her age to an hour.
I do not know what to say.
I did not see it, but I felt it in her breath.
I will go home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Yes, that is enough.
Oh, niece, you are taxing Signor Benedick too much, but he will be meeting you, I do not doubt it.
No, you cannot.
No one except Humfrey Hower, who called your Grace to breakfast once, came out of my company.
She heaved the name of “father” once or twice, as if it pressed her heart.
Yes, sir, so-so.
Yes, sir, you do not need to worry.
Yes, some dregs of conscience are still in me.
Goodbye, stay here tonight.
Yes, that was not so good.
Yes, the priest was good enough for all the old gentleman’s saying.
Yes, there has been a lot to do on both sides, and the nation does not believe it is a sin to tarnish them.
Yes, we can put up our pipes and go away.
We met and found the fight was on the seventh cause.
Let’s go.
Do not fall a tear, I say.
Fall to it, or we are running away.
Fall to it.
False face must hide what the false heart knows.
If you did not let her escape, why did you let her escape?
Is that true to me?
If you are a false-boding woman, stop your frantic curse so you can't hurt yourself.
False, false.
Hunger is in your cheeks.
I am refusing to do anything more to you.
I think I hear the beat drum.
Goodbye.
Goodbye for a while.
Goodbye, sir.
Goodbye, nymph.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, boy.
Goodbye, Jessica.
Goodbye, my liege.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, sir.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye to both of you.
Goodbye!
Farewell to the neighing horse, the shrill trump, the spirit-stirring drum, the ear-piercing fife
Farewell to the mighty troops and the big wars that make ambition virtue.
Goodbye until then.
Goodbye until then.
Goodbye to you, and you, and you, Volumnius.
Goodbye, and if my fortune does not go away, I have lost a father, you a daughter.
Goodbye, and thanks.
Goodbye, dear Father.
Goodbye, dear mother.
Goodbye, everyone.
Goodbye, fair cruelty.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, father.
Farewell, because I have to leave you.
Goodbye, good Charles.
Goodbye, good Launcelot.
Goodbye, good Salisbury, and good luck with you.
Goodbye, good Signior Love.
Goodbye, good Strato.
Goodbye, great chief.
Goodbye, hostess.
Goodbye, kind Charmian.
Goodbye, kind lord.
Goodbye, kind master.
Goodbye, my coz.
Goodbye, my dear sister, goodbye.
Goodbye, Desdemona.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, my lords.
Goodbye, sweet lord, and sister.
Goodbye, sweet masters.
Goodbye, sweet friend.
Goodbye, Hero.
Goodbye, you lob of spirits.
Goodbye, you sad welcomer of glory.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye! God knows when we will meet again.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Fasten up, fast find.
Fate, show your force.
Father, it is like this: you and all the people who have talked about her have talked about her.
Father, wife, and gentlemen, adieu.
Father, I am glad you are here.
Father, I am telling you to go here, by your reverence, to see what has been passed between this young man and this young woman.
Father, come in.
Father, what news do you have?
He is fathered, and yet he is fatherless.
Fathers get their children often.
Fathers who wear rags make their children blind.
Fathers, do not trust your daughters’ minds by what you see them act.
Favors?
Fear comes on me.
Fear it, my dear sister, and keep you in the rear of your affection, out of the danger of desire.
Fear it, Ophelia.
Do not worry about me, man.
Do not worry about me.
Do not worry about me, she and the duke her husband.
Do not worry about my government.
Don’t worry, Baptista, we will be happy to help you.
Do not worry, Cesario.
Do not worry, my lord.
Do not worry about it.
Do not worry about my part in the dialogue.
Do you fear the boar, and go so unprepared?
Do you fear that, Antonio?
Fears and scruples shake us.
Are you fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled
Feed him and do not regard him.
Feed and sleep.
Feed him with apricots and dewberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Do you feel your legs?
If you feel the loss, you cannot choose but weep the friend ever.
Fellow Grumio!
Come from the throng, sir.
Hello, I know you.
Do you have time with me?
Let’s go.
Take Desdemona here.
Get out of here!
Give me an iron crow.
Give me the handkerchief. My mind is wrong.
Get me this herb, and be here again if the leviathan can swim in a league.
Get that gallant here.
Let’s go, and we will decide how to cut off some legacies.
Bring your master home.
Go on her!
Go on.
Go on!
Go on, foh!
“But yet.” “But yet” is like a jailer to bring out some monstrous malefactor.
Go on!
Fie, Demetrius!
I am a savage man, I am a savage man.
It is rotten and filthy!
Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to help me grow my imagination.
You will be ashamed for being here forever, sir.
You shame your shape, your love, your wit, which, like a usurer, is all over there and does not use any of those
Oh, sir!
Oh, sir!
Shame on you.
I am sorry, how impatience you feel.
How my bones ache!
You are running out of breath.
Oh, sir, sir!
I will tell you that.
No, there is no such man.
You are dishonest Satan!
What a question you are asking if you are near a lewd interpreter.
Hastings is such a slug that he does not come to tell us whether they will come or not.
I am sorry.
I am sorry.
The fiery warriors fought on the clouds in ranks and squadrons and in the right form of war, which drizzled blood on the Capitol.
What is “fiery”?
What is “fiery”?
Fighting valiantly today.
Fill the cup, Lucius, until the wine is ready.
You are dead.
Filths only savor themselves.
Find out moonshine, find moonshine.
Find out this villain, Edmund.
Find them who have their names written here.
Find out the way, and I will find a man like that.
Find a bed, because I will rest my head on this bank.
A beautiful apparition!
Good, I am sure.
Finish, good lady.
Fire and brimstone!
Fire!
I have passed on her ability to be a sane woman.
First he denied you had any right in him.
First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
First let me talk with this philosopher.
Let’s go to dinner first.
First, resolve that.
First, as you know, my house in the city is richly decorated with gold, ewers, and a base to lave her
First, go to the temple.
First, good Peter Quince, tell me what the play is about, then read the names of the actors.
First, he recommends him to your noble self.
First, I ask you what they have done, second, I ask you what they have done, and thirdly, why they have committed it
First, I must tell you that Desdemona is in love with him.
First, if all obstacles were cut away, my path would be to the crown as the ripe income and due of birth.
First, know my horse is tired, my master and mistress have fallen out.
First, madam, he is well.
First of all, my word.
First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies cannot follow.
First, listen to your song by rote, and make sure to listen to each word a warbling note.
First, there is the Neapolitan prince.
Five hundred poor people I pay annually to have their hands slammed twice a day to heaven to pardon blood.
Five shillings to one on it, with any man who knows the laws, he can keep him.
I have spent five summers in farthest Greece, cruising through the borders of Asia, and cruising homeward. I came to Ephesus
Five and twenty, sir.
The burglary was as flat as ever.
Flatterers?
Go this way, sir, when he couldn’t follow him.
Fled to England?
He fled to his house amazed.
Flies can do this, but I have to fly from here.
The purple flower, hit with Cupid’s archery, sinks in the apple of his eye.
Fly and make peace with Caesar.
Fly further off, my lord, fly further off.
Go away and leave me.
Do not fly.
Fly, fly, my lord.
Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly, fly!
Fly, masters!
Fly, my lord, fly.
So fly, noble Cassius, fly far away.
Fly?
Folded the writ up in the form of the other, signed it, gave it a safe impression, and placed it safely.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot of your sex.
Follow me and get it.
Do not follow me.
Follow me, lady. Look at that pathetic villain.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Do not follow me.
Follow that lord, and do not look at him.
Follow the noise so far as we have quarters.
Follow your spirit, and on this charge, Cry "God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow them and see that they will not suffer.
Follow, follow!
Follow me, please.
Follow?
Followed the old man out.
He is drunk, Sir Toby, an hour old.
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Fool, fool, fool, I say!
Fool, I say.
Fool, I will requite it in the highest degree.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool!
Foolish slurs that run into a Russian bear’s mouth and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish woman, to most men this is a Caliban, and they to him are angels.
It is very easy for Desdemona to subdue in any honest case.
For a fish without a fin, there is a fowl without a feather.
For a little while, follow me and help me.
For a taste, if a sleeve has a hindrance, let him find Rosalind.
For all the rest of the rest, they will take suggestions as a cat laps milk.
I do not have any ears to his request for Antony.
For any good I have done myself to myself?
As long as you want to get justice, be assured you will get justice more than you want.
For a story I could ever read, hear by story or history, the course of true love never ran smoothly.
And besides these good news, it is the celebration of his wedding.
For better, we could have loved without this, if we did not love this on both sides.
For both of us, I wish that word were true.
For both of you, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus’ sake, I am holding you.
I just went from here a month ago, and then it was a fresh day of murmur—as you know, what great ones do.
I will sort out the occasion, as a reference to the story we talked about late, to make the queen proudly kindred from the prince.
She is certainly dead, and she is strangely dressed.
Yes, he is not.
You are certainly near the gulf that you have to be englutted.
For charitable prayers, she should throw a sword, flints and pebbles on her.
For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl.
For unknown reasons, please, grant me this boon.
The wind-shaked surge looks to cast water on the bear and quench the guards of the ever-fixed pole.
I am a pupil for doing things, not loving it.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake.
England’s approach is as fierce as waters to the savage of a gulf.
I will make these of Cyprus mutiny, whose sanity will come to life only by the displanting of Cassio.
Every minute there is a chance of more arrivance.
Falstaff, he is dead, and we have to earn it.
First he was given permission to betrothed to Lady Lucy, your mother is witness to that promise.
You are just gazing on your beams, a fair sun, and being near.
For God’s sake, let me hear.
For God's sake, a pot of beer.
For God's sake, hold your hands.
For God's sake, send some other messenger.
For God's sake, take a house.
For half your wealth, it is Antonio’s.
For Hamlet and his slur of favor, keep it in a fashion and a toy in blood, a violet in the youth of primy nature
He is certainly on the island.
He loves to hear that unicorns can be betrayed by trees, bears with glasses, elephants with holes, Lions with toils, and men with
He begs to be desired to give.
Hero, wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a five-pace.
For heaven’s sake, help me!
I do not think about him.
For him to be a savage.
For his bounty, there was no winter in it, and an autumn was the one that grew more by reaping.
For his thoughts, would they be blanks instead of filling with me?
He cannot carry his discretion, and the fox has the goose.
I am almost ready to dissolve, hearing about this.
I am born to tame you, Kate, and bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate that is as suited to other household Kates.
I am sick when I look at you.
I am sure my nails are stronger than my eyes.
I am sure you know what temperance should be, but you do not know what temperance is.
I am Trinculo. Do not be afraid. I am your good friend Trinculo.
I can give him humor, and I will bring him to the Capitol.
I had then laid wormwood to my dug, sitting in the sun under the wall of the dovehouse.
I have no wit, no words, no worth, no action, no speech, no power to stir men’s blood.
I have seen more years, I am sure, than you.
I would rather spend time with such a snipe than for my sport and my profit.
I have never seen true beauty until tonight.
I tell you, father, I am as ill-tempered as she is proud.
I will tell him the story again, where, how often, how long ago, and when he is gone.
If such actions are free, our statemen will be slaves and pagans.
If the Jew cuts deep enough, I will pay it now with all my heart.
If the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion. Have you a daughter?
If you want to never show her so much love, you will be surprised by it.
In all the play, there is no one word, no one.
Who would do that?
It is a figure in rhetoric that drinks are poured out of a cup into a glass, filling the one with emptying the other.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.
For lead?
If you learn this, it is better to leave and do something than to get a reputation for being too high when he is away.
For Lord Hamlet, believe in him so much that he is young and he can walk with a larger tether than you can give him.
I followed him for love.
For love of God, stop him.
There is a little bush for many miles.
I will not go until I am satisfied.
I will marry a wealthy widow for three days, which has loved me as long as I have loved this disdainful haggard.
For me, the French gold did not seduce me, even though I admitted it as a motive.
For me, three thousand ducats.
For me, I embrace my fortune with sorrow.
For Michael Cassio, I would be sworn that he is honest.
For my own good, all causes will give way.
For my own part, I will be glad to learn about noble men.
I hope to save myself, neither the general nor any man of quality.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me go with him.
For murder, though it does not speak, it will speak miraculously.
My brother, I think he is good at you, and he is a good man to help you get married.
For my dinner.
For my Lord Lackbeard there, he and I will meet, and until then we will be in peace with him.
I am so surprised I do not know what to say.
I am sorry it has turned into a drink.
For my part, I do not care.
For my part, I would rather bear with you than bear with you.
For my part, I have walked around the streets, exposing myself to the dangerous night, and, so unbracéd, I have
For my part, the sea cannot drown me.
My uncle is King of Denmark, and those who would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred,
It is so vile that on earth only some special good is given to the earth.
I would not admit to any kind of traffic.
For not only the death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches, will speak to us strongly.
For Oberon is falling and wrathing because she, as her attendant, has stolen a lovely boy from an Indian king.
He often asked me to steal it with a solemn honor, more than he was to belong to such a slander.
Once, on a raw and gusty day, when the troubled Tiber was chafing with her shores, Caesar told me, “
They did not take her life for one thing she did.
Our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers, which is healthy and good for our husbands.
For our losses, his savage is too poor, for our blood savage, the savage of his kingdom too faint, and for our disgrace.
Pyramus is a sweet-faced man, a good man as he can see in a summer’s day.
Pyramus is killing himself.
I have liked several women.
For shame, bring Juliet out.
For shame, put on your gown.
You generals!
She had rounded his hairy temples with a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers.
She is wise, if I can judge her.
You are.
For taking part in something that is out of favor.
That is hard.
He dares us to do that.
You must only say I couldn’t help it.
For the best time, turn your bed.
I am here for him.
For the heavens, he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.
For the heavens, rouse a brave mind, and run.
The law’s intent and purpose is to protect the penalty, which is due on the bond.
For the love of God, please be quiet.
For the love of God, a surgeon.
For the love of God, help!
For the meat, sir, it will be covered.
The majority of them are foolish.
For the one, I have neither words nor measure; for the other, I have no measure, but a reasonable measure.
The poor wren, the most swollen of birds will fight against the owl, her young ones in her nest.
For the Queen, I will take her to my guard.
For the table, sir, it will be served in.
I hear what they say about him.
For the one I told you, Antonio will be bound.
They all agreed to be together, who maintained a state of evil so politicically that they will not admit any good thing to fight with them.
I will marry Warwick’s youngest daughter.
There is no more fearful wildfowl than your lion.
There was never a fair woman yet, but she made mouths in a glass.
For those who can rhyme themselves into ladies' favors, they always reason themselves out.
For these two hours, Rosalind, I will leave you.
They will beg you to be happy with your life because you are a man.
They were split up with violent and violent forces.
For tonight, go to bed and dream about the event.
Caesar has hanged him for this reason.
For now, I would not be moved any further, so I could be with you.
If you know, then she is Signior Gremio's choice love.
Thank you for this relief.
If there is any cruel cruelty that can torment him and keep him long, it will be his.
For now, I will leave you.
For this, be sure, tonight you will have cramps, side-stitches that will hold your breath.
For those who love to think about you, they must be content to think you are old.
Even though she is as like this as a crab is like an apple, I can tell what I can tell.
For three months, well.
You would teach me to hang clogs on them. I have done it.
For two, and sound ones too.
For us, we will look at this further.
For us, we will resign to him for our absolute power during this time of life.
For us, you know who he is, and that is Caesar.
We will scold this fear, which now goes too free-footed.
What can I hope for you that no one has any revenue except your good spirits, to feed and clothe you?
What is the good turn?
What did he do to scold me?
What are they doing?
What crime?
What purpose, love?
Why?
What, please?
When my hours were nice and lucky, men would ransom me for stealing my money. Now I will put my teeth on and send all the things
When rich villains need poor villains, poor villains can pay what they want.
When she saw that you had had sex with Caesar and that your anger would not be purged, she sent you the word she was dead.
When you gave them the rod and put down your own breeches, keep a schoolmaster who can teach your fool to lie.
Who would be the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s sane, the
For whose sake did I do that bad deed?
With my head throwing, dogs leap the hatch and all are fleeing.
Women are like roses, whose beautiful flower was once displayed in that hour.
You know, uncle, the hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long, that it had it bit off its head young.
You must understand that he only goes to see a noise he heard, and is coming back.
You see, it is already in a snuff.
If you come in to dinner, sir, let it be as humours and conceits will govern.
For your desire to know what is going on between us, please, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, o
For your father’s memory, be patient.
You will not be able to live for long.
For your part, our swords have lead points.
Your doctors have expressly charged me to leave your bed if you are going to suffer from your former malady.
Young people are more expensive to buy than to beg or borrow.
As a soldier, I will give you the best name for the soldier.
It is a deadly sorrow to see a foul knave uncuckolded.
By this heaven, now at our sorrows, say what you can, I will go with you.
I do not know how I lost him.
If you are a king, you can think that Tybalt was killed so late that we thought we held him as a sane man.
I am sure you are all in the right mood for this sudden business.
Look, my mother looks cheerful, and my father died within two hours.
I met her late in the evening, looking for sweet favors from this hateful fool, and I scolded her and fell out with her.
My good liege, she is so kinged, her scepter is so fantastically borne by a vain, giddy, shallow,
My heart is full of charms, your eyes, and your eyes.
Since the intestines and the mortals of your countrymen and us have been thrown out of the mud, both the Syracusians and the
If I were the Moor, I would not be Iago.
You know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet at the moonlight.
Be quiet.
Be quiet about the nights and the days; compare happiness to living pains; think your babes were sweeter than they were. The one who
Be quiet, and do not eat anymore.
Fore heaven, this is an excellent song.
In heaven, they have given me a rouse already.
Forever and a day.
Farewell for forever, Brutus.
Goodbye forever and forever, Cassius.
Do not think about her.
Forgot you.
Fortune and Antony are part of this group.
You are helming a battle with luck and victory.
Fortune forbid that my outsiders have not charmed her.
Fortune is an excellent moral.
Fortune is a good man, and in this mood, he will give us anything.
I hope I will have luck now.
Good luck!
Fortune, that arrant whore, Neer turns the key to the poor.
Forty thousand brothers couldn’t make my sum with all their love.
The frightened deeds will rise, even though the earth has ruined them, to men's eyes.
Shame on you, you have all moved me.
What is weather like?
Foul words are only foul, and foul words are only foul breath.
What is the mak in my eyes?
If you are frightened than your heart can think of you, you cannot make excuses for yourself to hang yourself.
Did you feel any dissatisfaction with him by word or countenance?
Four days will quickly break up in the night.
Four legs, two voices, and a very delicate monster.
Four nights will be the time to dream.
Fourscore ducats at a time.
Fourscore ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-mender?
Free from the bondage you are in, Messala.
No, madam.
Freedom!
Fret till your proud heart breaks.
Friar, it cannot be.
Friar!
Friend Launcelot, what is the news?
Friends are with you all and I love you all.
Friends to this ground.
Friends, go.
Friends, come here.
Friends, part!” and, faster than his tongue, his agile arm beat down their fatal points and swam them into the rush.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your ears.
Friendship is constant in all other things except in the office and affairs of love.
Go ahead, Lord.
She is a little shy from Athens, and she respects me as her only son.
From both of them, my lord.
Then a pair of star-crossed lovers take their lives from the fare of these two foes.
From France there comes a power into this scattered kingdom, who have secret feet in some of our best ports and are at the point to show their
From helmet to spur, he was all blood.
From now on I will, coz, and I will do sports.
He got it from me.
From me, whose love was so dignityful that it went hand in hand with the vow I made to her in marriage.
From my house, if I had it. The sixth of July.
From our brother England?
From seventeen years ago, almost fourscore here livèd me, but now I do not live here anymore.
From Silvius.
I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet. I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet.
Is it from the Count Orsino?
From the dreadful summit of this chalky bourn.
They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine, this mortal breathing saint.
From now on, I will never speak to you.
From now on, I will refer to your love.
From top to toe?
Bring this fiend of Scotland and myself to front.
For a full half hour.
I have seen many women with the best regard, many times.
I have been vexing my child with complaints against her, my daughter Hermia. Stop, Demetrius. My noble lord, this man
We have everything to do, and our simple defects are proof of our goods.
Fulvia is dead.
Your wife Fulvia came first to the field.
Your wife Fulvia is dead.
Fulvia?
Besides, please show my youth old Shylock’s house.
There, Tyrant, there.
I wish I was the one who had twinkled on my bastardizing.
I am not as old as I am.
Gallus, go along.
Give it to a judge's clerk.
Be advised, he is coming to bad intentions.
Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him.
Gentle lady, when I first told you my love, I told you that I had accumulated wealth in my veins.
No, gentle madam.
Gentle Mercutio, put your rapier up.
Gentle Octavia, let your best love draw to the point where you want to preserve it.
Gentleman, God save you.
Gentlemen, I suspect this trash is a party to this injury.
Gentlemen, we will not wake up your patience.
Gentlemen, you will mistake each other.
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I can find young Romeo?
Gentlemen, proceed to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, rise up.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls me.
Gertrude do not drink.
Get him to bed and let his hurt be treated.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Get horses for your mistress.
Get me a taper in my study.
Get me ink and paper, and hire horses to ride.
Get me some poison tonight, Iago.
Get on your nightgown, so do not call us and show us to be watchers.
Get a wife, get a wife.
Get away from me.
Get out of here, and hire those horses.
Go away, but do it.
Go away.
Get out of here.
Go to a nunnery.
Get to a nunnery.
Go to bed, Francisco.
Go to bed.
Get a place.
Get all three of you in the boxtree.
Get out of here and hurry up.
Get out of here and meet me in the pit of Acheron early in the morning.
Get out of here, poor miserable wretches, to the point where God gives you patience to endure, and to repentance of all your sins
Go back to bed.
I will go back to bed soon.
Go to bed.
Get to church and have a good priest who can tell you what marriage is.
Get to your lord.
Get your clothes together, good strings to your beards, and new ribbons to your pumps.
I am at my service with ghastly looks, and both are ready in their offices at any time to grace my slums.
God gives you the gifts.
Gilded tombs are worms that enfold.
Give it your hand.
Give a ear to my sister, sir.
Give every man your ear only a few words.
Give your ambassadors the first admittance.
Give her the right you should have given her cousin, and so dies my revenge.
Give her this key and tell her in the desk that is covered with Turkish tapestry there is a purse of ducats.
Give him a halter.
Give him a present.
Give him directions for this merry bond, and I will go and get the ducats back to my house.
Give him a note.
Do not give him breath, but now take advantage of his distraction.
Give him a job.
Give him the cup.
Give him this deed and let him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these notes.
Give me a calendar.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a reason she is disloyal.
Give me a taper, call up all my people.
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse.
Give me a reply.
Give me any gage of yours, and I will wear it in my bonnet.
Give me a crowd.
Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
Give me excess of it so that, if I am snoring, the appetite may sicken and die.
Give me faith, say I.
Give me permission for a while.
Give me permission to speak my mind, and I will cleanse the body of the infected world if they receive my medicine.
Give me permission, Caesar.
I am a gentleman of Verona, sir.
Give me my angle.
Give me my armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my principal, and let me go.
Give me my robe, because I will go.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin back.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
Please let me leave you.
Give me details.
Give me some help.
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some light.
Give me some breath, my dear lord, before I speak positively about this.
Give me some music.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
Give me that boy and I will go with you.
Give me that sleeve and the wrenching iron.
Give me the cups.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me the letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand, and let me see you in your woman’s weeds.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your torch, boy.
Give me the truth.
Give me your answer, I swear.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand first.
Give me your hand, and let me understand your fortunes.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hands if we are friends, and Robin will make some changes.
Give me your name, Monsieur Mustardseed.
Give me your present to one Master Bassanio, who gives rare liveries.
Give me, give me.
Give me, I said.
Give me a call.
Give me the benefit of severiory, and let my grief scream on the upper hand.
I will give my servants the order to ignore all the fact that we are absent from here.
Give the word out.
Give the word, go, and stand.
Give them the way until he leaves, and then after him.
Do not give your thoughts any tongue or thought about his actions.
Give a gracious message to a host of tongues, but let them know when they feel.
Give us kind keepers, heavens!
Give us the place alone.
Please welcome my friend.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Good night.
Good night.
He has been given three thousand crowns annually, and his commission is to hire those soldiers, as much as before, against the Polack.
Didn’t you lead him through the glimmering night from Perigouna, whom he ravished?
Gloucester, it is true that we are in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Go a little earlier.
Go after her.
Go ahead.
Go and give praise to my brother Cassius.
Go and importune her.
Go and say we are not ashamed of her.
Go and tell them that.
Go and trim her up.
Go apart, Adam, and you will hear how he will shake me up.
Be armed.
Go ask his name if he is married.
Go back again and be beaten home again?
Go back again, you slave, and bring him home.
Take it to the Centaur, where we are staying, and stay there until I come to you.
Go ask the priests to sacrifice and bring me their opinions on success.
Go bring the rabble, whom I give you power, here to this place.
You will see her window entered the night before her wedding day.
Go ahead, Saint Jeronimy.
You should call him here.
Go carry them and smear the sleepy grooms with blood.
You should charge Agrippa to plant those who revolted in the vant so that Antony could seem to spend his fury on himself.
Go charge my goblins to grind their joints with dry convulsions, shorten their sinews with agèd cramps, and make them more
Go comfort your cousin.
Go get fire.
Go get it, sister.
Go get my best clothes.
Go get them here.
Go out, Agrippa, and start the fight.
Go get him surgeons.
Go get it ready.
Go get some water and wash this dirty witness from your hand.
Go on to the airport with a vigor.
Go away.
Go inside with me, and I will tell you my story.
Go in with me.
Go inside and tell my lady I am gone, displeased by my father, to Lawrence’s cell to confess and be absolved.
Go inside and do not cry.
Go in, Nerissa.
Go look after him.
Go ahead, we will send you letters.
Go make yourself like a nymph on the sea.
Don’t go my horse, I have to be a borrower of the night for a dark hour or two.
Go off, I will take you away.
Go away.
Go on ahead.
Go put on your defenses.
Please release them, Ariel.
Find him out, speak fair, and bring the body into the chapel.
Go find him.
Go find the traitor Gloucester.
Go shake your ears!
Show your slaves how rude you are, and make your bondmen tremble.
Go sleep and listen to us.
Go on.
Go take this shape and come here.
Tell him about this.
Go and pick men, but leave behind your son George Stanley.
Go find me a meeting hour to draw Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go then, my mother; go to your daughter.
So tell your master: here I am.
Go on, and compare her face to some that I will show you, and I will make you think your swan is a crow.
Go to Juliet and help her get dressed.
Go with me, and let me advise you.
Go.
You should thrust him out of the gates and let him smell his way to Dover.
Go to a nunnery.
Go on, wench.
Go to him, Dolabella, and tell him to surrender.
Go to him and speak to him.
Go to my room and put on my clothes.
Go to the gate.
Go to the pulpit, Brutus.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to sleep.
Go away.
Go on, carry this.
Go to, speak your tongue.
Goodbye.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to. Come here, sir.
Go on, I will not go on it again.
Go to him, mum.
Do not say anything.
Go on, then!
Go on, then.
Go, they are not men.
Go to, are you making it, if you want to be?
Go on, well said, well said.
Go to the devil’s teeth, woman.
Go on, you are too shrewd.
Go on, you are a dry fool.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on the path you will not return.
Go wake Juliet.
Go to him.
Go with me and see what I can show you in this.
If you do not repay me on such a day in such a place, in such a place, in such a place, in such a place
Go with me to bless this two of them so they can be prosperous and be honored in their fight.
Go with me to it, and I will show it to you.
Go with me to the duchess.
Go with me to the vault.
Go with me, and let’s smother my son, whose two sweet sons smothered you.
Go with me, Silvius.
Go with me.
Go with my brothers to my lords of England.
Go and talk to the duke so that my charity does not be perceived by him.
Go ahead and prepare Aliena, for look at me, here comes my Rosalind.
Go and tell her about it.
Go and tell my daughter I would like to speak with her.
Go ahead and I will follow you.
Go down that way towards the Capitol.
Go to him from me.
Go with me and I will use your skills. Good cousin, take care of this busy time.
Go with me, uncle of Exeter.
Go, call my fool here.
Go and bring them.
Go, and bring us with you and tell us what she says and how you find her.
Go, go away.
Go, tell the huntsmen to wake them up with their horns.
Go, bind this man, because he is frantic.
Go, Biondello, tell your mistress to come to me.
Go borrow me a crow.
Go, bring them in, and take your places.
Go by this token.
You should call him here, boy, no more will be the neighbor to my counsels.
Go, coward as you are.
Eros, send his treasure to him.
Go get me something. I will break the gate.
Go, get out of here, I say.
Go, get out of here.
Go, get to your love, as was decreed.
Go, girl, look for happy nights to happy days.
Go, girl.
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, good countrymen, and for this reason, assemble all the poor men of your kind, draw them to Tiber banks, and weep
Go, go, up to the leads.
Go, go.
Go, good partner, go get to Francis Seacole.
Go, Tubal.
Go hang yourself!
I have only been working with you and my sons for thirty-three years, and until this time I have never delivered my burden.
Go, leave me.
Go, Lovell, with all the speed to Doctor Shaw.
Go, make money.
Go to your great-grandmother’s tomb, from whom you claim to be.
Go find the forester, one of you.
Go one, and call the Jew into the court.
Go, Pindarus, get up on that hill.
Go ahead and prepare for dinner.
Go prick your face and prick your fear over-red, you lily-livered boy.
Go, rascals, and get my supper.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go, sir, find him.
Take them to the buttery place and welcome them to everyone.
Go, sir, trudge around through fair Verona.
Go, some of you, and bring these gentlemen to Hamlet.
Take it up to your master's use.
Go, then, because it is in vain to find him here that does not mean to be found.
Go, disappear into the air, away!
Write it in a martial hand.
Go, you cot-quean, go.
Go, you wild bedfellow, you cannot speak.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Goats and monkeys!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
Goodbye.
God bless you for your last day.
God bless you, sir.
God almighty, there is some soul of goodness in evil, and men would be able to do it.
God and his angels guard your sacred throne and make you become it for a long time.
God and our good cause fight on our side.
God and our innocence protect us.
God and the rope maker have shown me that I was sent for nothing but a rope.
God and your arms will be praised, victorious friends!
God be at your table.
God will keep you quiet and heal your wounds.
God be wise, princes.
Please be quiet, sir.
God bless you.
God bless you.
God be with my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God bless me from a challenge.
God bless you for your heartfelt love, your kindness, your obedience, and your true duty.
God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
Please, take my job.
God protect me from these two.
Thank you God for your mercy, they are loose again.
God give him joy!
God give me joy in wearing it because my heart is exceedingly heavy.
God give us time to celebrate these love rites.
God give your Grace good rest.
God give him health.
God grant that some, less noble and less loyal, are more likely to be in a bloody mood than Clarence did, and yet they will be
God grant we may never have any need for you.
God has given you one face and you are making another.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God help Claudio!
God help you, shallow man.
God keep it, to your Honor's good content.
God bless her!
God keep me from false friends, but they weren’t false friends.
God keep me safe. Our heroes go with him.
God keep you from them and from such false friends.
God keep your Ladyship in that mind, so that some gentle man or other will leave a scratched face.
God keep your Lordship in that gracious mind.
God keep your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, and she is dead, slandered to death by villains that dare as well answer a man as I dare
God made him, and so he let him pass for a man.
God make you a bit more sane.
God make your Majesty joyful, as you have been.
God bless you to his grace.
God pardon those who cause it.
God forgive you in His mercy.
Goodbye, sir.
God restore you to health.
God save the foundation!
God save the king.
God save you, sir.
God save you, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God send you joy, Petruchio.
God send you a quick infirmity, for the better to increase your folly.
I will bet I will disturb your devotion.
God speak this word.
God will revenge it, whom I will make with my serenity.
God will revenge it.
God witness, I have wept for you.
Good-bye, fair lady.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Goodbye, Grumio!
God, forgive us all!
God is the best marriage maker, combine your hearts in one, your realms in one.
God's arm strikes with us.
God’s benison will go with you and with those who would make good of bad and friends of foes.
God’s bodykins are much better, man.
God’s bread!
Where is the Sexton?
I would not lose such an honor as one more man, I think, would share from me, for the best hope I have.
God’s will and pleasure, Captain, I beg you now to come to the king.
God's will, please do not wish one more man.
Goodbye, Captain James.
Gods and goddesses, all the whole thing of them.
Goodbye, fair Helena!
Is Fleance coming with you?
Is the king leaving today?
Gold, silver, and base lead.
She is gone.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Good bawcock, scold your rage.
Good beauties, do not be angry.
Good cheer, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper and look at it in the praetor’s chair where Brutus can only find it.
Corporal Nym, show your courage and put your sword up.
Good advice, marry.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning, friend.
Good day and happiness, dear Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, get your daughter.
Good morning, brother.
Good e'en, good e'en.
Good Enobarbus, it is a worthy deed, and it will become you well, to encourage your captain to speak softly and quietly.
Good Enobarbus, make yourself my guest while you are here.
Good Enobarbus!
Good to my ghostly confessor.
Good faith, a little one, not past a pint, as I am a soldier.
Good faith, and when I met this holy man, the men you are talking about came into my mind.
Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold in him who objected to you.
Good Father, how foolish we are!
Good Father, I beg you to kneel and listen to me with patience.
Good fool, as you always deserve to help me, help me to a candle, pen, ink, and paper.
Good fool, for my brother’s death.
Good fool, help me to get some light and some paper.
Give me some ink, paper, and light, and tell my lady what I will put down.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and farewell.
Good friend, go away.
Good friend, go to him.
Please, my friend, take him in your arms.
Say the Romans to great Egypt send this treasure of an oyster, at whose feet, to mend the petty present, I will put her throne
Good friends, go in and taste some wine with me.
Good gentleman, give me modest assurance if you are the lady of the house, that I can proceed with my speech.
Good gentle young man, do not tempt a desperate man.
Good gentlemen, give him a further edge and drive his purpose to these delights.
Good gentlemen, let me speak.
Good gentlemen, look fresh and merrily.
Good grandam, tell us, is our father dead?
Good Grumio, get it to me.
Be careful until they know what they are doing to censure them.
Good hay, sweet hay, there is no one else.
Good heart, what?
Good heaven, the souls of my tribe are protecting themselves from jealousy.
Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.
Good husband, come home now.
Good guys, how are you both?
Good Lord for alliance!
Good Lord, how bright and good the moon shines!
Good Lord!
Good lords, hurry up quickly.
Good love, call him back.
Good madam, do not be angry with the child.
Good madam, do.
Good madam, listen to me.
Good madam, keep yourself inside.
Good, let me see your face.
Good madam, patience.
Good madam, stay a while.
Good madam.
Good madonna, let me prove you are a fool.
Hey, madonna, why are you so sad?
Good majesty, Herod of Jewry does not look at you when you are happy.
Good Margaret, run to the parlor.
Good Maria, let this fellow be looked at.
Good Master Fabian, please give me another request.
Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well.
Good Master Peaseblossom, I will want you to get more acquainted with me.
Good master, do not take it unkindly, please, that I have been so pleasant with you both.
Good meat is common, sir.
Good Mistress Accost, I want to get to know you better.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen, and, princely peers, a happy day.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to this fair assembly.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to you.
Good morning, Benedick.
Good morning, both of you.
Good morning, brother Bedford.
Good morning, Brutus.
Good morning, Caesar.
Good morning, Casca. Caesar was no enemy of any kind as you were in that ague that made you lean.
Hello, Catesby.
Good morning, Catesby. You can't go on, but I do not like these several councils, I swear.
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, Father.
Good morning, friends.
Good morning, General.
Good morning, Lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate. That is your name, I hear.
Good morning, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morning, masters.
Good morning, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning, neighbor Gremio. God save you.
Good morning, neighbor. How did you get away so fast?
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Good morning, Prince; good morning, Claudio.
Good morning, Richmond.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Good morning, worthy Caesar.
Is my complexion good? Do you think even though I am a man, I have a doublet and a hose in my clothes?
My friends, please consider yourself my guests.
Good liege, Kent.
My lord, you have been a boggler ever.
My lord, welcome him.
Please, my lord, come here.
Please, my lord, come here.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Please, my lord, give me your favor.
My lord, how are you honoring this many days?
My lord, if I have any grace or power to make you take his reconciliation.
My lord, tell me.
Please, my lord, please tell me a word.
My lord, what is your cause for distemperation?
Good, my lord.
Good, my lord.
Good my mouse of virtue, answer me.
My sovereign, take up the English short and tell them what a monarch is.
The name of men and women, dear my lord, is the jewel of their souls.
Good news, good news!
Good night, Casca.
Good night to you.
Good night, but do not go to my uncle’s bed.
Good night, brother.
Good night, Captain Blunt.
Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night!
Good night, good night.
Good night, Iago.
Good night, lieutenant, I have to watch.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, Penthesilea.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good Norfolk, please tell me what you are doing.
Speak your tongue.
Good luck now!
Come in, good uncle, and ask your daughters to give them blessing.
Good old knight, gather them all together in my tent.
Good or bad news, that you are compelled to speak so bluntly?
Good people enter and hold him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Good morning!
Good Romeo, hide yourself.
Good sentences, and well pronounced.
Good shepherd, tell this young man what it means to love.
Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all.
Good signior, you will have more control over years than you will have with your weapons.
Good signors both, when should we laugh?
Good Sir Toby!
Good sir.
Good sir, be a man, think every bearded fellow who is only yoked may draw with you.
Good sir, be patient.
Good sir, come near to me.
Good sir, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, my wife gave me this ring.
Good sir, to the purpose.
Good sirs, take heart.
Good sister, let’s eat and never fret.
My sister, you are not wrong to make me a slave and a bondmaid.
Good sooth, even so.
You, save me a piece of sand, and, as you love me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
Good day to my gracious lord.
Good luck, you are wrong, good sooth, you do, and I am so disdainful to woo.
Good Ursula, wake up my cousin Beatrice and want her to rise.
Good Volumnius, you know that we both went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Please pardon me.
Goodness, patience.
Good, good, it is fair to you.
Good, good.
Good, I am sure.
Good, speak to the mariners.
Remember who you are aboard.
Good!
Good.
Good Lord, what a wit-snapper you are!
Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little about the matter.
Gower is a good captain, and he has good knowledge and literature in the wars.
Grace will accompany you, sir.
Grace grows where those drops fall.
Graces will appear, and there is an end.
Gracious England has Lent us good with ten thousand men and ten thousand men; an older and better soldier than Christendom gives out.
My lord, I should tell you what I saw, but I do not know how to do it.
Gracious Olivia, what do you say, Cesario?—Good, my lord. My lord would speak.
Gramercies, Tranio, you are good at helping.
Gramercy!
Grandma, his nurse.
My uncle Rivers said that I grew more than my brother.
Grandam, this would have been a biting joke.
Give them their legal action.
Gratiano is talking about nothing more than any man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Grave, sir!
Great and increasing.
It is time for great business to happen at noon.
Great Dunsinane is strong enough to be a soldier.
God of heaven, say amen to all!
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony is a widower now.
What a great thing we forgot!
Gremio, it is no time to express our love.
My son’s exile has stopped her breath.
Don’t be sorry that I am falling to this for you, because Fortune is more kind than hers.
Is it sad that I had only one?
Grim death, how foul and loathsome your image is.
He has sneezed on the souls of fearful adversaries, and instead of putting his sneezes on the souls of fearful adversaries, he has
Groan!
Grumio gave instructions on how to do it.
Grumio, my horse.
Are you a bedlam?
It is banishment.
Are you honest?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha.
It may be that I am going under that title because I am busy.
Let me see.
Ha, Portia?
What do you say?
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha' to you, lad!
If all his hairs were life-threatening, I would have ruined them all.
Had he a hand to write this, a heart and a brain to make it into?
Had he done that?
Had he suffered injuries before?
If I had a glass, I would.
If I had as many mouths as Hydra, that would stop them all.
If I had as many sons as I have hairs, I would not wish them a better death.
If I were any power god, I would have sunk the sea within the earth or sunk it if the good ship swallowed it and the fraught souls
If I had known this young man before, I would have given him tears to a couple of sex, and he would have ventured.
If I had only died an hour before this chance, I would have lived a blessed time.
If I had great Juno’s power, the strong-winged Mercury would set you up by Jove’s side.
Didn't I have four or five women who tended to me once?
If I had planted this island, my lord, he would have sneezed it with nettle seed.
If I had your tongues and eyes, I would use them so that heaven’s vault would crack.
If you could thank me, you would have a good life.
If my lips were so powerful, I would wear them out.
Isn’t that the same?
If our general had been what he knew himself, it would have been good.
If she had affections and youthful blood, she would be as swift as a ball.
If she were true, I would not have sold her for it.
If we did it at first, we would drive them home with clouts about their heads.
If we had fought, I would have thought we would be too young for them.
If you were as wise as bold, young in limbs, and old in judgment, you would not have been able to answer it.
If you weren’t their father, these white flakes would challenge pity of them.
If you hadn’t come upon your cue, my lord, William Lord Hastings would have said your part.
If you wish you were all free men, and that Caesar were dead, and living free men?
Have you been able to relax in the moment of death to look at the deep secrets?
If you did that, the kings who revolted and the soldier who left you today would have followed your heels.
If you had no poison mixed, no sharp knife, and no sudden death, would you be banned from killing me?
Please, lady, and the grace of heaven, please, go ahead, behind you, and on every hand, turn around.
Hail to you, Glamis!
Hail to your grace.
Go to your lordship.
Hail, brave friend!
Hail, Caesar, and my lord!
Hail, gentle sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hail, mortal.
Hail, dear Caesar!
Hail!
Hail.
It is half a feisty to come.
Yes, a half-blooded fellow.
Halfway down there is a man who is gathering samphire.
Hamlet, you are dead.
The obedience of my daughter has given me his invitations, as they fell out by time, by means, and by place.
We will sing and bless this place with fairy grace.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him immediately.
Hang him, foul collier!
Hang him, Jack!
Do not hang on my clothes.
Hang out our banners on the outside walls.
Hang here, my verse, to witness my love.
Hang on the tomb, praising her when I am dumb.
Hang up your mistress!
Then you are going to be hanging and wiving.
A woman’s voice may do some good when she is begging for something too good.
I see a friend who will save my life and pay the sum that could help me.
Haply in private.
They are still hanging some poison, to make me die with a restorative.
The seas and countries that are different with different objects will expel this matter in his heart while his brains are still beating him away from his own style
I will bet I will marry a lord whose hand will take my plight with me half my love, half my care and duty.
You will see some toy you want to buy, and your store is not for idle markets, sir.
She is not so dull, but she can learn.
The best thing about her is that she is committed to you, and to be directed as far as her lord, her governor, her king.
Happily, he is the second time they have come to them, because they say an old man is twice a child.
I am happy to have you, my lady and my wife.
The happier you were for your son.
Happily, amen!
Happy birthday to Theseus, our renowned duke.
Yes, as happy as we have spent the day.
Hermia is happy, where she lies, because she has beautiful eyes.
Your Grace is happy, who can turn the stubbornness of fortune into so quiet and sweet.
Happy parents of such a fair child.
If England were happy, this virtuous prince would take on his grave the sovereignty of his grave.
Happy, because we are not too happy.
Hard, hard. You are a filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Listen.
Listen to how our horses are neighing for the moment.
Listen, Clitus.
Listen, Dardanius.
Listen, your Romeo will be here at night.
Listen to you, Guildenstern, and you too. At each ear you hear a listener.
Listen, sir.
Listen, boy!
Can you hear me?
Come here, Tyrrel.
Listen, listen!
Listen, listen!
Listen, listen!
Listen, how these instruments summon to supper.
Listen, now I hear them.
Listen, Petruchio: she says she will see you hanged first.
Listen, they roar.
Listen, Tranio!
What is this noise?
Listen!
Listen!
Listen.
Do not listen to that string, madam.
I will keep it from squeezing until my heartstrings break.
Harpier cries, “It is time, it is time.” Round around the cauldron go the poisoned entrails.
Harry le Roy.
Has he never heard of you before in this business?
Has he become masters?
Here is a letter to you.
Has this fellow no feeling about his business?
Has anyone else taught you anything?
Has she stolen it from her?
Are you a good man?
Are you drunk?
Have you forgotten her?
Have you forgotten the evil witch Sycorax, who was born with age and envy?
Have you forgotten yourself?
Have you found my daughter?
Have you met him?
Do you care about me?
Do you have any letters from the friar to me?
Don’t you have a word of joy?
Don’t you have dropped from heaven?
Have you killed him?
Have you killed Tybalt?
Are you the flower here?
Are you the pretty worm of Nilus, who does not kill and pain?
Have you been able to tell me the time I have been bribing you?
I will tell you, that I can go to my revenge with wings as swift as meditation or love thoughts.
Haste you for your life.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Grey and Rivers, Holy King Henry and your fair son Edward, Vaughan, and all who have miscarried
I am a man who has been thrown away from Tripolis.
Has anyone seen him at the barber’s?
Has he asked for me?
Has he done this?
Has he set boundaries between my love and their love?
Has homely age taken the beauty from my poor cheek?
Isn’t that true?
Is Leonato any son, my lord?
Doesn’t a Jew have eyes?
Doesn’t a Jew have hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions?
He is a sin that is prevalent in young men who give their eyes the freedom to gaze.
He has been thrown away from sleep and must taste his foolishness.
Has Romeo killed himself?
Has she not forgotten that brave prince, Edward, her lord, whom I have been slain three months ago at Tewkesbury?
Has she forsooped so many noble matches, her father and her country, and her friends, to be called “whore?
Has she told Benedick about her love?
Is the man any wit who told you this?
Has there been such a time when I said positively, “I am so,” when it proved otherwise?
Isn’t your brother like you?
Have all his projects failed?
Have a look at Cinna.
You are better at saying something, because you are a fool’s bolt that is soon shot.
Have a good day, coward!
Have a look at you now.
Have you heard a proverb: Should I put my staff in my ranks?
You can have a surgeon, Shylock, on your charge to stop his wounds so he can’t bleed to death.
Have done your charm, you hateful, withered hag.
Have done, have done.
Have I caught you?
Have I stretched my arm so far in the battle to be afraid to tell graybeards the truth?
Isn’t it true that I heard great grenades in the field, and heaven’s artillery thundered in the skies?
Have I heard the sea puffed up with winds, raging like a snoring boar chafed with sweat?
Don’t I have any reason to be angry?
Have I seen the aspic in my lips?
Have I thought I would be watching this morning for a long time?
Have I, Malvolio?
Have I, my lord?
Have mercy, Jesu! I only dreamed.
Do not worry about your health, but do not tempt me any further.
Have more than you show, speak less than you know, Ride less than you know, Ride more than you go, Learn more than you know
Don’t saints have lips, and holy palmers too?
Don’t you love me enough to bear with me when my rash humor that my mother gave me makes me forgetful?
Have patience and endure.
Have patience, please.
Have patience, madam.
Have patience, sir.
Have the pioneers given up?
Are we devils here?
Have with you.
Have you ever thought about sinking?
Have you a sense of soul?
Have you ever asked your lord to negotiate with me?
Have you ever had any other trade with us?
Have you given her our decree?
Have you done something yet?
Have you received permission to go to shrift today?
Have you had a quiet guard?
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary?
Have you heard of any wars between the two Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you imported him by any means?
Are you a modesty, a woman’s shame, a touch of sex?
Don’t you have anything to say?
Don’t you have anything to say?
Do you have any wit, manners, or honesty but to slam like tinkers at this time of night?
Did you hurt your head?
Did you read anything like that, Roderigo?
Didn’t you set Lysander to follow me, like a scorn, and praise my eyes and my face?
Have you not set my honor on the stake and baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts that tyrannous heart can think?
Have you not spoken to the Duke of Cornwall about this?
Have you sent to Bottom’s house?
Are you still in your own souls so blind that you will fight with God by murding me?
Have you been sent for?
Have you seen the necklace around you?
Have you written the lion’s part?
Have you written down that they are not?
I will watch Titania when she is asleep and drop the liquor in her eyes.
What is the danger for lead?
He loved our sister most, and his judgment has now cast her off as a whole.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He is waiting here hard to tell you whether you will accept him.
He is here in the forest on the estate of your father.
He is a handsome gentleman, and, to say the truth, Verona brags about him as a virtuous and well-governed young man
He is the third person in the world.
He is too good at thinking.
He starts at the supper and walks up to the first cock.
He is bound from the earth, as if his entrails were hairs.
He is breathing, my lord.
He has great news.
He brings me freedom.
He brings you figs.
He brushes his hat over the mornings.
He calls me “boy” and chides me as if he had power to beat me out of Egypt.
He is calling to horse, but I do not know what to do.
He is calling us back.
He came to me, and I delivered it.
He came too late.
He can tell you, as he appears by his plight, that the revolt is the latest state.
He cannot be heard of.
He cannot be such a monster, and he is not, sure.
He cannot avoid it by the duello.
He cannot flatter himself, he says.
He does not like her long.
He can’t live, I hope, and he can’t die until George is packed with a savage savage.
He cannot prevail with me.
He cannot speak, my lord.
He is coming to kill my heart.
He is coming on a wish.
He is coming, my lord.
He could not have escaped sixpence a day.
He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, to scorch your face and disfigure you.
He does not dare come here to drink the candle.
He did that.
He asked for his favor.
He said he had a necklace for me, but he did not have it.
He was a victim of his behavior, and you see he was trying to arrest him.
He told me to call him promptly.
He did, sir, get his dug before he sucked it.
He did handle women, but then he was rheumatic and talked about the Whore of Babylon.
He did me kindness, sir, drew on my side, but in conclusion he put a strange speech on me.
He did not call me, he is busy in the paper.
He received his letters and is coming.
He did, and he snatched that ring from my finger.
He did, from first to last.
He did, my gracious lord, start that place, which, since the beginning of the year, has re-edified.
He died as a man who had been taught to throw away the most precious thing he owed as a savage king.
He dies, and he is again fighting.
He dies.
He hears me, and he weeps.
He is making our fires, fetching in our woods, and serves as a profitor.
He smiles on his face more than he is on the map with the rise of the Indies.
He is very good at recommending it to others.
He does.
He will ask your Grace to visit him tomorrow or the next day.
He is showing some sparks that are like wit.
He is not smiling, frowning like who should say, “An you will not have me.”
He is doing it because he asked Antonius to send you a message saying he will be there tomorrow.
He is dreaming.
He is fainting! My lord, my lord!
He fears you are not good enough to him, my lord.
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at mouth, and was speechless.
He finished his mortal act on the day my sister was thirteen.
He followed you.
He forbids it because he is free from vainness and self-glorious pride, giving full trophy, signal, and presentation to God.
He gives you a thousand thanks on his knees, and he is happy he has fallen into the hands of one of England’s most worthy
He is going ahead and dares me to go.
He is going out of his way.
He is getting worse and worse.
He had a fever when he was in Spain, and when he was fit, I noticed how he shook.
He had a taste. Well, my conscience says, “Launcelot, do not budge.” “Budge!
He had a thousand noses, and he waved like a sea.
He did not have any.
He had one yesterday.
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, these people saw the chain around his neck.
He has slammed me a little bit.
He is almost supped.
He has been practicing his behavior to his own shadows over the last half hour.
He has brave utensils that he will be able to carry when he is in a house.
He broke my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody sneeze.
He deserves it if it were sprayed like a holy Phoebus’ car.
He heard that word from some great man and now he is a fool.
He has killed me, mother.
He has my dying voice.
He has no children.
He has no more directions in the true world of wars, look at the Roman world, than a puppy dog.
He has a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue speaks.
He is bound to Tripolis, another to the Indies.
He has an uncle in Messina who will be very happy.
He has assembled Bocchus, the King of Libya, Archelaus of Cappadocia, Philadelphos, King of
He has been a courtier, he swears.
He has been a pleasure to work with you, and he has sent a great largess to your offices.
He has been abused most often.
He has been out for nine years, and he will be out again.
He brought many captives home to Rome, who ransoms filled the general sacraments.
He has ordered your wife and I to hang Cordelia in the prison and to blame her for her own despair, that she fordid herself.
He has confessed.
He has shamed me and hindered me half a million times, laughed at my losses, mocked my gains, scorned my nation, ruined my
He has done good service in these wars, lady.
Every month he has a new sworn brother.
He has fought today as if a god had destroyed his life.
He has given his empire to a whore, who now imposes the kings on earth for war.
He has honored me recently, and I have bought Golden opinions from all sorts of people, which would be worn now in their latest gloss.
He has only known you for three days, and you are already no stranger.
He has left them to you forever and to your heirs—common pleasures, to walk abroad and recreate yourself.
He has lost his friends and is trampled by finding them.
He has made me a Christian.
He is neither Latin, French, or Italian, and you will come into the court to swear that I am a poor man.
He has no daughters.
He has no friends except those who are afraid of him.
He has not told the king his thoughts?
He has not told us about the captain yet.
He has not touched you yet.
He refused it in the open court.
He is ridding his prologue like a rough colt.
He has slept long.
He has some meaning in his mad attire.
He has the sickness to fall.
He has the jewel of my life in place, his youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca, and she withholds from me and other people, and
He has cut Cupid’s bow twice or twice, and the little hangman does not dare shoot at him.
He is not wearing anything more than he will wear.
He has made many tenders of affection to me lately.
He has, my lord.
He has.
He himself calls her a nonpareil.
He is very good at keeping me.
He is a craven and a villain, an evil, your Majesty.
He is a dreamer.
He is a gentleman of a good house, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is a god and knows what is right.
He is a good man, and his worth is worthy of much respect.
He is a good man’s picture, but who can converse with a dumb show?
He is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
He is a sick man who wants to speak with you.
He is a very good man.
He is about to go to the house.
He has been addressed.
He is afraid to come.
He is all the mother’s, from top to toe.
He has already been named and went to Scone to be invested.
He has arrived.
He is as disproportioned in his manners as in his shape. Take with you your companions.
He is as brave as a kind man in both of them.
He is confused about him, and his pants are pale, as if a bear were at his heels.
He is at hand, and Pindarus is coming to greet you from his master.
He is waiting for a desperate train.
He is called Aunchient Pistol.
He is coming.
He is a man who is a man of treachery, and he has fled from this evil.
He has been screamed.
He has drowned, and the sea mocks our search on land.
He is drunk now.
He is enamored by Hero.
He is hiding in Lawrence’s cell.
He is in earnest.
He is in heaven, where you will never come.
He is a horse, and you can call him beasts.
He has served a good job.
He is a knight, dubbed with a rapier and a carpet, but he is a devil in a private brawl.
He is married?
He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio.
He has changed.
He is my dear friend.
He is my prisoner, and you will not have him.
He is my prisoner.
He is not less than a stuffed man.
He is not doubted.
He is not here, please, your lord, who should sing it.
He is not here.
He is not sleeping, engrossing his idle body, but praying to enrich his soul.
He is not the flower of courtesy, but I will bet he is as gentle as a lamb.
He is not very tall, but for his years he is tall.
He has not yet arrived.
He is as brave as Hercules, who only tells a lie and swears it.
He is in some business with my lady and will go by and by.
He is very apathetic.
He is very important.
He has been killed or killed.
He is ready at the door.
He is back.
He is sad and civil and suits me well for a servant with my fortunes.
He is the most active gentleman in France.
He has been killed.
He is sure to be possessed, madam.
He is the treasure of all nations.
He is the general challenger.
He is the only man in Italy, excepted my dear Claudio.
He is a giant to an ape, but he is a doctor to such a man.
He is too bad for my company.
He is unqualified with very shameful punishment.
He is very busy about it.
He is very close to this.
He is very well-favored, and he is very shrewd.
He is welcome here.
He is welcome.
He is well paid and is well satisfied.
He is wise, and I have stolped him home to bed.
He is indeed the most skillful, bloody, and fatal man you could find in any part of Illyria.
He is safe in Leicester, my lord, and if you want, we can now withdraw from the town.
He is.
He kills her in her own way.
He knows I know him well.
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo.
He does not know where to stop.
He does not know what he says, and it is vain that we present him to him.
He has not yet learned about his honorable fortune.
He knows that you do not embrace Antony as you loved him, but as you feared him.
He is laying it on.
He is leading himself.
He left behind me and a sister, both born in an hour.
He left this ring behind him, either I or not.
He is not living like a living man.
He is lying to you.
He is lying tonight within seven lands of Rome.
He is a man who loves you better than he could.
He does not want to be as awake as we do.
He is eager to eat the English.
He is eager to see your head.
He looks gentler than he did.
He loves me well, and I have given him reasons to do that.
He made you go on a highway to my bed, but I die as a maiden.
He only married here.
He may command me as my sovereign, but you have power in me as a kinsman.
He may recover.
He may show what he will be courageous, but I think he could wish himself in the Thames up to the neck as cold as it is.
He can win, and what is music?
He meant he did not do anything for me, the more I did.
He might have chidled me like that, because I am a child who is chiding.
He does not miss anything.
He named Sebastian.
He is not as many, sir, or not as many as Caesar has.
He does not need to.
He never did harm that I have heard of.
He will not see my face again.
He only made one of them in a general, honest and common sense manner.
He only lived until he was a man, which no sooner had his strength confirmed in the unshrinking station where he fought than he died.
He is going to do some humor and career.
He is pleading with the duke at morning and night, and he will impeach the state’s freedom if they deny him justice.
He asks you to save his life.
He raised the house with loud and cowardly cries.
He ran this way and leapt over this orchard wall.
He received them from the man who brought them.
He replied, “You idiot!
He said my eyes were black and my hair was black.
He said once the devil would have him talk about women.
He said the truth.
He saves my time by avoiding my own mistakes.
He says for Brutus’s sake he is begging us all.
He says he will come.
He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name is Poor Tom.
He says that, Tranio?
He says that.
He says they cannot do anything in this way.
He says your daughter is not well, my lord.
He is looking for my life.
He seems to know about that too, and so he is coming to speak with you.
He does not see you.
He asks if you want to play with Laertes, or if you want to take longer.
He sent me a word if I said his beard wasn't cut well, but he knew it was.
He will do this, or I will recant the pardon I gave him late.
He will enlarge him.
He will have justice and his bond.
He will have nothing but the penalty.
He will be ready in time.
He will kill two of us, and indeed men, but that is not the case.
He will live a man's life.
He will not go to prison.
He will not live.
He will pay for him who has him. That is a good thing.
He will not see any fear.
He will scold fate, scorn death, and bear his hopes for wisdom, grace, and fear.
He will stay with me.
He will taste my bottle.
He will tell them so.
He will think, if you drop the letters, that they are coming from my niece and that she is in love with him.
He should commit your godfathers.
He sings at the grave.
He smiled and said, "The better for our purpose.” He was in the right place, and so is it.
He has been searching for my life, but lately, it has been very late.
He is speaking home, madam.
He is not saying anything.
He is only a madman.
He is talking to me. I am your master.
He is very good.
He started one poor heart in you.
He is still in your will.
He supped at my house, but I do not shake him.
He is sups tonight with a harlotry, and I will go to him.
He swore he would not marry, and yet despite his heart, he eats his meat without grudging.
He takes on him to understand so much, and so he comes to speak with you.
He taught me how to know a man in love, in which you are not a prisoner.
He tells me that I am a Jew’s daughter, and he says that you are not a good member of the commonwealth, because
He tells me, Gertrude, he has found the head and source of your son’s distemper.
The one who praises me for my own content, praises me for what I cannot get.
The one who conceals him is death.
The person who has a house to put his head in has a good headpiece.
Who has the two fair daughters?
The man who is giddy thinks the world turns around.
I beg you, tell me what you mean.
If he has been robbed, do not let him know what he is doing, and he is not robbed at all.
He who keeps or eats a crust or a crumb, tired of all, will want some.
He who knows better how to tame a shrew, let him speak.
The one who is dividing us will bring a brand from heaven and fire us away like foxes.
The man who plays the king will be welcome.
He who will see this day and live old will yearly feast on the feast with his neighbors and say, "Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.
The man who screams next to him to scold his soul is light, and he dies upon his motion.
The sweetest rose will find Rosalind and love.
If you think he is old enough to live, give me some help.
He sends you, meeter, for your spirit, this treasure, and, instead of this, he wants you to let the dukedoms
He thinks he is still at his instrument.
He thinks that twenty times better than a man, he is twenty men to one.
He threw his eyes aside and he threw the object away. It was the object of a tree, whose boughs were mossed with age
He is a stalking horse, and he is a wit-strength.
He was a bachelor then.
He was a good king.
He was a man.
He was a fool who brought my answer back.
He was tempted to scold him, but suddenly a Roman thought struck him.
He was furnished like a hunter.
He was my friend, faithful and just to me.
He was not born to be shameful.
He was not a merry man, which seemed to tell them his memory was in Egypt with his joy, but between both.
He was not sad, because he would shine on those who look like him.
He was not three leagues off when I left him.
He was quick and sane when he went to school.
He was the wretched man when he was young, so long as he was growing and so leisurely, that if this rule were true, he
He was wont call me usurer; let him look at his contract.
He did not lend money to a Christian, but let him look at his debt.
He is desperate with imagination.
He would be a brave monster if they were set in his tail.
He was an excellent man who was made just midway between him and Benedick.
He were no lion, but Romans were not hinds.
I loved him, and I was the first man to be the first man to be the prime duke.
He will bear you easily and will be able to keep your reins well.
He will come straight.
He will do everything as Hastings does.
He will find it comes from a clodpole.
He will keep that good name.
He will not fight with me, Domitius?
He will not know what all except he knows.
He will not say that.
He will return to his Egyptian dish.
He will, if he lives to be a man.
He wonders how many troops you have assembled to come to him without being warned of it before.
He wore his beaver up.
He would be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He would make it a sport and torment the poor lady.
He would not have spoken such a word.
He would not take the crown.
He would not.
He loves the prince so much for his father’s sake that he will not be won to fight him.
He, he, he is.
He was the best lady to be able to be a fair lady.
He is the one who must marry this woman.
He, sir.
He is Caliban, who is now in service.
He is in a durance now, after some action, at Malvolio’s suit, a gentleman and follower of my lady.
When he hears about her, he cannot refrain from laughing.
He, woman.
He is.
He will not be hanged yet, even though every drop of water swears against it and gapes at the widest point to get him.
He will only break a comparison or two on me, which, if you are not laughing at it, strikes him into melancholy.
He will frighten you, I am sure.
He will be a good man.
He will shake your Paris Louvre for it, if it were the mistress court of mighty Europe.
He will never give up on that.
He will say he has been done cowardly when he wakes up.
He will speak with you, will you or not.
He will watch the horologe a double set if he does not drink his cradle.
He is a conspirator.
He is a coward and a coistrel who won’t drink to my niece until his brains turn toe like a parish top.
He is a friend of the Duke Alençon's.
He is a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He is a traitor.
He is a fool and a prodigal.
He is almost killed, and Roderigo is dead.
He is as good at anything as a fool, but he is still a fool.
He is as tall as any man in Illyria.
He is bound to Octavia.
He is coming here. Now, I am in the rush, and Regan is with him.
He is coming, madam, but he is very strange.
He is coming, madam.
He is dead and rotten.
He is dead.
He is fat, and has a little breath. Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub your brows.
He is fortified against any denial.
He is friends with Caesar, you say you are in good health, and you say you are free.
He is gone, but his wife has been killed.
He is gone.
He is in Arthur’s bosom, if he ever went to Arthur’s bosom.
He is in his right mood now and does not talk like the wisest.
He is wearing yellow stockings.
He is married to Octavia.
He is married, madam.
He is married.
He is not a standard.
He is not your father.
He is in Florence now.
He is the color of the nutmeg.
He is safe for these three hours.
He is talking now, or murmuring, “Where is my serpent from the old Nile?” Because he is calling me.
He is the one he is.
He is worth more sorrow than I will spend for him.
He is not worth any more than that.
Listen a little further and then I will bring you to the business that is now on the rise. Without the business that is on the rise,
Listen to Antony.
Listen to his speech but say you are not.
Listen to it.
Do not listen to it, Duncan, because it is a knell that summons you to heaven or hell.
Listen to me, because I will never speak to you again.
Listen to me for my cause, and be silent so you can hear me.
Listen to me with patience.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, Beatrice. Talk to a man out of a window.
Listen to me, because I will speak.
Listen to me, good brother. Under your pardon.
Listen to me, good friends.
Listen to me.
Listen to what I say: whoever strikes the first stroke, I will run him up to the hilts, as I am a soldier.
Listen to me, my lord.
Listen to me, Queen. The need for time is important for us to wait a while. My full heart is still in use with you.
Listen to me, recreant!
Listen to me, you wrangling pirates, who fall out of sharing what you have pilled from me.
Listen to my excuse.
Listen to my soul.
Listen to the ambassadors.
Listen to the noble Antony.
Listen to the shrill whistle, which is what order gives to sounds confused.
Do you hear her in yours?
Do you hear the news from abroad?
Listen, my lords, we are ready.
Listen, sir.
Listen to Nature, listen to you, dear goddess, listen to me.
Have you heard of anything strange about the streets?
Did you hear this, Gonzalo?
Heart, be stronger than your continent.
Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets, can't think, speak, cast, write, sing, etc.
Thank you very much.
Heaven and earth.
Heaven and your thoughts are witnessing that you are.
Heaven and you had a part in this handsome maid.
Heaven knows it.
Heaven keep the monster from Othello’s mind.
Heaven knows what she has known.
Heaven is free of it.
I swear to send such a message, not to pick bad from bad, but to mend bad.
Heaven keep you.
Heaven rest them now.
Heaven knows that you are as false as hell.
Heaven would wish she had these gifts, and I would live and die her slave.
Heavenly powers, restore him.
Heavens keep him from these beasts.
Heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him.
Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a fight.
Thank you.
Heavens, I am the best of them to speak this, if I were only where it was spoken.
Oh, yes.
Helena, it is not true.
Helen, we will go ahead to you.
Helena, goodbye.
Help me out of here, ho!
Help me get some house, Benvolio, or I will faint.
Help me, help me.
Help me, my women!
Help me get this out of my hogshead of wine, or I will take you out of my kingdom.
Help me dress up, good coz, good Meg, good Ursula.
Help, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Hem them away.
The world is banished from the world, and the world’s exile is death.
So he is growing his ambition. Do you hear that?
I will go to my ghostly friar’s cell, where he will help me, and tell me what I am doing.
Come with your children.
Please calm down as I give her father’s heart to her.
Go away and stay away from me.
Go away!
Go away!
Go away, and do not follow me anymore.
It is horrible.
I will scold your eyes like balls before me.
If he is a savage, he will be able to keep your fortune from slipping away.
Make sure you get it right.
Go, Mardian, and bring me the way he takes my death.
Go on, scolding peasant!
So, sane eunuch!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Go on.
Go on.
I will never be Romeo.
I will be afffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Now, do your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, crowned king of France and England, succeeded this king, who had the power to manage so many of them that they lost France
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.
Her blush is guilt, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in Capels’ tomb, and her immortal part with angels lives.
I am starting to pity her.
Her eyes are talking.
Her eyes would be so bright in the air that birds would sing and think it was night.
Her eyes are fierce, but you are comforting and not burning.
Her savage leas are rooting on her darnel, hemlock, and rank.
Her father is Baptista Minola, an affable and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me, and invited me often, and asked me about my life from year to year, the battles, sieges, and
Her father’s brother would be her lord.
What color is her hair?
Her head has declined, and death will save her, but you will help her.
Her hedges, even-pleached, like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair, put forth disordered twigs.
Her husband, knave.
Her husband, sir?
She is suffering with what you need to know more about, and this is what she is doing.
Her lord is here.
She would love both of us, and she would love both of us.
Her mother has told me so many times.
Her name is Katherina Minola, known in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Her name is Margery.
Her name is Portia, and Cato’s daughter, Portia, has nothing to do with her name.
Her face, as fresh as Dian’s face, is now begrimed and black as my own.
She is shrewd and froward, so beyond all measure that if my state was far worse than it is, I would not marry her
Her robes are sick and green, and no fools wear it.
Her vine, the merry cheerer of the heart, is untuned.
Her spooky son has broken his arrows, and he is afraid he will shoot no more than sparrows and be a boy.
Her worth is mounted on the wind, and through the whole world she bears Rosalind.
Herald, save your labor.
Here all eyes are on us.
Here are enemies.
Here at the door.
Here at your service.
Here comes Catesby again.
Let’s stop a few more questions.
Here come the lovers, full of joy and joy. Stress, gentle friends!
Here are the officers.
Here come two noble beasts, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ancient Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another tribe.
Here comes another army to search for you.
Here comes Antony.
Here comes Baptista.
Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, even though he had no hand in his death, will receive the benefit of
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my messenger. How are you, mad spirit?
Here comes my noble gull-catcher.
Here comes more comfort.
Here comes Oberon.
Here is one of the parings.
Here comes one.
Here comes other snorkeling.
Here comes Sir Oliver Martext, you are well met.
Here comes Sir Toby halting.
Here comes the count.
Here comes the Countess.
Here comes the Emperor.
Here comes the fool, I am sure.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, the courtiers, who are the men they follow, and with such a rite?
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain.
Here comes the man you mean.
Here comes the man who saved me.
Here comes the noble Antony.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio in the rush.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Here comes Thisbe.
Here are two of the duke’s pages.
Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
I choose here, and I will grow as much as I can.
Here you keep a hundred knights and squires, men so disordered, so debauched and bold that this court, infected with their manners
Here he comes with your niece.
Here he is, and the Scots captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here I am Antony, but I cannot hold this visible shape, my king.
Here I am.
Here I am.
If my will trespassed his love, either in a discourse of thought or actual deed, or that my eyes, my ears, or any other
Here I am, your slave, a poor, infirm, weak, and despised old man.
I will sit in the middle.
Here in the tent.
I have lurked here in these confines to watch the waning of my enemies.
Here is a friar that trembles, sighs and weeps.
Here is a place reserved, sir.
Here is a rural fellow who will not be denied the presence of your Highness.
Here is a wonder, if you talk about it.
Here is better than in the air.
Here is everything that is beneficial to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here is more news.
Here are more of us.
Here is my bed.
Here is my journey’s end, here is my butt, and I am the sea-mark of my most beautiful sail.
Here is the cap your Worship said.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here is the man.
Here is the money.
Here is the number of the slaughtered French.
Here is the place, my lord.
Here is your fee.
Here is a postscript.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Here lay Duncan, his silver skin laced with his golden blood, and his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature for ruin.
Let them lie here until the famine and the ague eat them up.
I will lie down here and measure out my grave.
Here lies the slain county, and Juliet is bleeding, warm and newly dead, who has been buried here for two days.
Here lies the east.
Here you go.
Here love, you see how diligent I am to dress your meat myself and bring it to you.
Here on her breast there is a vent of blood, and something has been blown.
Here she comes, cursed and sad.
Here the street is narrow.
I will stay here for a while.
Here they will be, man.
Here they thought they had done some charm on this man and her husband, who vows that no bed-right will be paid until Hymen's
Here was a Caesar!
Here he was a good man, hearing a song.
Here we go.
Here were the servants of your adversary, and I was fighting close to you.
I will rest here until dawn.
Here we sit and listen to the music in our ears.
Here you can roast your goose.
Here, at your hand.
Here, catch this casecase.
Here, Fluellen, wear this favor for me and stick it in your cap.
Here comes Master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too.
Here, I will remain with worms that are your chambermaids.
Here, here, sir.
Here, here!
Here, kiss the book.
Here, madam, at your service.
Here, madam: Consecrate them.
Here, madam.
Here, master.
Here, mighty Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here is Peter Quince.
Here, Signior Tranio, you aimed at this bird, though you did not hit her.
Here, sir, she asked me to give you a ring.
Here, sir, as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir, but do not bother him.
Here, sir.
Here, sir! You snoring and unpolished grooms!
Here, sirah Grumio.
Stand behind this bulk, he will come straight away.
Here, sir, at your service.
Take away this dish.
Here, you incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, drink this potion.
Here, under the permission of Brutus and the rest, I will speak. For Brutus is an honorable man; so are they all.
Here, wear this jewel for me.
Here.
Here.
That is a change.
Here is a good world.
Here is a madman who will murder me.
Here is a maze thrown through slanders and meanders.
Here is a night of pity for neither wise man nor fool.
Here is a spirit.
Here is another more powerful than the first.
Here is Cassio hurt by villains.
Here is Decius Brutus.
Here is a drink.
Here is France and Burgundy, my noble lord.
Here is a good gear.
Here is his dry hand up and down.
Here is Lucentio, right son to the right Vincentio, who have made your daughter mine by marriage.
Here is more attractive metal.
Here is more news.
There is no bush or shrub to keep away from the weather.
Here is no knathing!
Here is one who comes in his shirt with light and weapons.
Here is one friend, and one who knows you well.
Here is our chief guest.
Here is our own hands against our hearts.
Here is packing, with a witness, to deceive us all.
Here is Romeo’s man.
Here’s snip and nip and cut and slish, like a censer in a barber’s shop.
Yes, here is a sport!
Here are a slew of sleeves.
Here is the one who will drive some of them to a noncome.
Here is a payment that will pay them all.
Here is the friar ready.
Here’s the way: I was in a silvered place, where Cleopatra and himself were seated in a chair of gold.
Here is the place.
Here is the smell of blood still alive.
Here is to Caesar.
Here is to you, Menas!
Here is to your health.
There is too much “out on you.” Please let me in.
Here is some liquor left.
In a better world than this, I will want to know more about you.
Here I see you do not love me with the full weight that I love you.
Hero can blot out Hero’s virtue.
Hero who is dead.
Hero thinks she will die because she says she will die if he does not love her, and she will die if she tells her her love,
You are hers.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Are you a man who wears a golden crown?
Be patient and smiley.
Hie, gentle Jew.
Hie, slave.
So, Robin, overcast the night.
Go to high fortune!
Go to your room.
Go to the church.
Go on horse.
Go to the cell.
Hurry up, because it is getting late.
Hey Messala, I will look for Pindarus for a while.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Great Juno, the highest queen of state, comes.
Hillo, ho, ho, boy.
You have already conceived of him and his worth and our great need for him.
He is there in person.
Himself.
His absence, sir, blames his promise.
His affections do not tend to go that way.
He said that the people were not used to speak to only by the recorder.
His voice is uttering foul words and retracing them.
His bark is stoutly timbered and his pilot is very expert and approved.
He was grizzled, no?
He is better off not breathing on the earth.
His breeding has been my responsibility.
His captain’s heart has burst in the scuffles of great fights, and becomes the bellows and fan to cool a gypsy
He is not a man, and even though his affections are higher than ours, when they stoop, they stoop with the same wing
His company must do his best to his servants while I am starving at home for a happy look.
He is going to do his best to do my best.
He does not like me.
His coward lips were flying from their color, and the same eye whose bends awe the world lost his luster.
His daughter and I will be king and queen, save our graces, and you and Trinculo and yourself will be viceroys.
His daughter will be brought to the supper by you.
His daughters are seeking his death.
He is dead, but not dead.
I am sure he cannot carry his valor, because the goose does not carry the fox.
He is wrong about leaving his friend here in a hurry and refusing him.
His relationship with my niece is no less than impressive.
He did, if he had it.
His eyes are humbler than they used to be.
His eyes are red as fire with weeping.
His eyes were green as leeks.
His eyes were set at eight in the morning.
His father was called Philip of Macedon, as I say.
His father, even though I say it, is an honest, exceedingly poor man, and, God be thanked, he is well to live.
He is only guilty of what the law should end, Tybalt's life.
His fault is very bad, and the good king's master will check him out.
His flight was insane.
Helena, he is not my fault.
He is speaking well about his friend.
His glory was not attenuated when he was worthy, nor his crimes for which he died.
His grace made the match, and all of his grace said “Amen.”
His grace looks cheerful and smooth this morning.
His grace speaks cheerfully.
His highness is not well.
His Honor and I are at the one, and at the other is my good friend Catesby, where nothing can happen that affects us.
His horse is dead, and he fights all on foot, looking for Richmond in the throat of death.
He is almost finished.
His indignation is caused by a very competent injury.
His knights are rioting and he is upbraiding us on every corner.
He will be done if you have tuned in.
He is only so stiff, and yet he is well.
His letter will show you his estate.
I gave him his life and did it to add my love, without restraint or resentment, to his dedication.
His life was gentle, and the elements were so mixed in him that Nature could stand up and say to the world, “This man was
His majesty, who is threatening my person’s safety, has appointed this act to send me to the Tower.
His name is Balthazar.
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
His name!
His name is Cinna.
His neigh is like a monarch’s bid, and his countenance is a homage to him.
His nurse?
His unkindness that stripped her of his benediction turned her to foreign casualties, gave her dear rights to his dog-hearted daughters.
His passport will be made, and his purse will be filled with crowns for the convoy.
We thank you for his present and your pains.
His arm shook the world.
I know his reason.
His roguish madness allows it to do anything.
His royal grace, who is better preserved than you would wish, cannot be quiet and quiet, but you have to trouble him with a few lewd
His army is twice as large as the other two.
His son is older than that, sir.
His son is thirty.
His son was only a ward two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits hear me, but I have to curse him.
His taints and honors were equal to him.
He has taken the infection, man.
That is what he said in the letter.
His wits are gone.
His word is more than the miraculous harp.
His word could bear my wealth anytime.
He said, “Goodbye, mistress.” Nothing else.
Oh, ho, ho!
Ho, lock the door.
Now you are hitting like a blind man.
Open the door.
Hob, nob, is his word.
Keep him safe until the Prince comes.
Do not be afraid, even if you are afraid.
Hold off the earth for a while until I have caught her in my arms once more.
Hold off your hand.
Hold off your hands.
Hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it.
Hold on.
Hold your breath.
Do you have the watch tonight?
Hold on, there is a groat to heal your wounds.
Stop, for shame.
Hold on, for your lives.
Stop!
Hold my heart, and you, my sinews, do not grow old instantly, but hold me up.
Hold my hand.
Hold, or cut bowstrings.
Hold on, sir, for God’s sake!
Hold on, sir, here is my purse.
Hold on, sir, or I will throw your dagger out of the house.
Hold on, take my sword.
Take these keys and get more spices, Nurse.
Hold on to that and that.
Stop, then.
There are forty ducats.
Hold on, there is money for you.
Hold on, there is half my money.
Stop, Toby!
Hold on, dear lady, hold on!
Stop!
Is it true that the Duke of Cornwall was killed so badly?
Holla!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, what a change this is!
Home, you idle creatures get you home.
Iago has ordered it.
Goodbye, Nurse.
Yes, I am honest.
Honest, my lord?
Honest, my lord?
Hooray!
Hooray!
Hood my eyes, with your black mantle, until strange love grows bold, think true love acted with modesty.
Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes.
I hope I can choose, sir.
The cries in Tom’s belly for two white herrings.
Horatio says it is only our fantasy and won’t let the belief take hold of him once he sees this dreaded sight of us.
Horatio, you are just as a man as I have been.
Horn mad, you villain!
Horns?
A horrible sight!
It is a cliff.
Horses are tied by the heads, dogs and bears by the neck, monkeys by the loins, and men by the legs.
I suggest you listen.
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, calm down.
Hortensio, what are these words?
Hot, hot, and moist.
Hound or spaniel, brach or him, Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail. Tom will make them weep and wail.
Go ahead and say right for right has dimmed your infant to a night.
What are you feeling now?
How “seventh cause”?
How strange is that?
How do you wear the garland?
How am I snuck up?
How am I false?
How am I a villain to counsel Cassio on this parallel course, directly to his good?
How do you answer for yourself?
How do you respond to that?
How is the fight going?
How are they escoted?
How are you out of breath when you have breath to tell me that you are out of breath?
How cruel mankind is.
How can I do, sir?
How did he get mad?
How did she see such a bright eye?
How did she get that light?
How did this happen?
How did we get ashore?
How did you recover from that?
How did you get to this point?
How did you come, Cassio, by that handkerchief that was my wife’s handkerchief?
How can it be?
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
How can that be, when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in Denmark?
How can that be?
How can I seem to be a slander to you if I have the proof that they are true?
How can this be?
How can you cross this marriage?
How can you make me happy?
How can you do that, Titania, because I know you love me?
How can you try them like that?
How can you tell us to obey God's dreadful law when you have broken it in such a high fashion?
How can you get her?
What chance does the king have to come with such a small train?
What chance do roses have to fade so quickly?
How could you get back so soon?
How are they going?
How are you cheering, Jessica?
How are you getting so upset, husband? How are you?
How is it?
How is that?
How does he get this trick?
How did you find the fight on the seventh cause?
How did my master die, Strato?
How are you all at Verona?
What do you mean, remove him?
How are you, Cassio?
How are you, madam?
How are you?
How are you, pretty lady?
How are you, sir?
How are you, women?
How is Hamlet?
How does he love me?
How is lieutenant Cassio?
How is my sister?
How is my good Lord Hamlet?
How did my old acquaintance of this island be?—House, you will be well desired. I have found great love among them.
How is my royal lord?
How is my wife?
How is the queen?
How is your honor?
How do you and your master agree?
How are you feeling now?
How are you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How are you, Benedick, the married man?
How are you, Charles?
How are you, Guildenstern?
How are you, my good fellow?
How are you?
How are you, my lord?
How is my lady?
How is the lady?
How is the prince?
How do you, villains, bring it out of the dresser and serve it to those who do not love it?
That is how easy it is, then.
How far is it, lords?
How far that little candle throws his beams.
How are you, soldier?
How is my gracious sir?
How is my Juliet?
How is my lord doing?
How is my noble lord?
How is our cousin Hamlet doing?
How is our cousin, noble Lord of York?
How are you?
How is your majesty?
How fearful and dizzy it is to see one's eyes so low.
How fine my master is!
How fondly do you regard yourself?
How foolish are your fears now?
How is it?
How is it going here?
How is it going now?
How is it with my brave Mark Antony?
How is the night going, boy?
How is the world going with you?
How is the world going now?
How green!
How have you lost your breath?
How have you offended me?
How have you been a divine, a ghostly confessor, and a sin-absolver?
How did your lord be jailed?
How did I behave so that he could keep the most sane opinion on my poor use?
How have I offended you?
How have the hours racked and tortured me since I lost you?
How have you known the misfortunes of your father?
How have you split yourself?
How have you slept, my lord?
How much is my lord?
How I do it.
I will tell you what I think of this and what happened in this time.
How idly they talk.
What if it were fair and foolish?
What if he does not stand up?
What if I answered “No”?
What if the kiss was denied?
What if they do not want to?
What if your husband started somewhere else?
What do you think you are doing, "practiced"?
How is it with me when every noise strikes me?
How are you, Bianca?
How are you?
How is it, brother?
How is it, Laertes?
How is it, my noble lord?
How is it?
How is it the man in the moon?
How is she?
What is that, general?
How is the man who has been honored here in the city?
How are you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How are you, the German young man, the Duke of Saxony’s nephew?
How are these quick-witted folks Gremio?
How long has he been there?
How long has she been here?
How long has this possession held the man?
How long have you been a astronomical astronom?
How long do you plan to stay in this forest?
How did he look?
How did you lose your company?
How low am I, you painted a maypole?
How low am I?
How lush and lusty the grass looks!
How malicious I am, that I have to repent to be just.
How many cowards whose hearts are as false as the sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy!
How many gentlemen have you lost in this action?
How many good creatures are there?
How many months do you want?
How many people should cover that stand bare?
How many things are done by season to their perfection?
How many times will Caesar bleed in sport, that now is worth more than the dust?
How many, as you guess?
How can that be?
How can the Duke be satisfied with that, whose messengers are here about my side when they are in the process of bringing me to him?
How can we try it further?
How much better it is to weep at joy than to rejoice at weeping!
How much I had to do to calm his rage.
How much would be gleaned from the true seed of honor?
You are so much older than you look!
How much unlike Mark Antony!
How can I get this done?
What is going on, brother Edmund?
How are you doing, Captain Macmorris?
What is going on, Cassio?
What is going on, cousin Hero?
What is going on, daughter and cousin?
What is going on, daughter?
What is going on, fellow?
How are you coming from the bridge, Fluellen?
What is going on, friend Eros?
What is going on, general?
What is going on, gentleman?
What is going on, Grumio?
What is going on, Horatio?
What is going on, what is going on?
What is going on, interjections?
What is going on, lady?
What is the news, Lord Stanley?
What is going on, Lorenzo?
What is going on, Malvolio?
What is going on, Malvolio?
What is going on, masters?
What is going on, mistress?
What is going on, Othello?
Why are you so pale, my friend?
What is going on, my hearts?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my love?
What is going on, my metal from India?
What is going on, my noble friend?
What is going on, my pretty king?
What is going on, my sweet Bianca?
What is going on, old man?
What is going on, Oswald?
What is going on, Roderigo?
What is going on, Roderigo?
What is going on, Shylock?
What is going on, Sir Toby Belch?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, spirit?
What is going on, Tubal?
What is the news?
What is the matter?
Who is calling me?
What is going on, worthy soldier?
What is going on, you dog?
What is going on, you secretly hags, black, and midnight?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
How odd he is.
How oddly you respond.
How often have my old feet stumbled at graves? Who is there?
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How would you be ruled by me?
How did he split with you?
How poor are those who haven’t been patient?
How do you prove that in the vast amount of your knowledge?
How quickly the wrong side can be turned outward.
How happy is your lord?
What do you say by the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
What do you think about this change?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
What do you say, Cassio?
What do you say, lady?
What do you say, Signior Gremio?
What do you say, sir?
What do you say, then?
How should I answer you?
How can I see you again?
How will that faith return to earth unless my husband sends it to me by leaving the earth?
How can we be beguiled by the lazy time if not with some delight?
How can we find the concord between this and the discord?
How can we see their natural tears?
How can we try it?
How will you hope for mercy?
How should that be?
How should they, when wise men do not have eyes?
The sound of lovers’ tongues by night is silver-sweet, like the softest music to listen to.
They are so smooth and even happy, as if they were sat in their robes with faith and constant loyalty.
How sound asleep she is!
How sweet is love when only love’s shadows are so rich in joy!
How sweet the moonlight sleeps on this bank.
How tartly that gentleman looks!
What could change his nature?
How the moon sleeps with Endymion and does not want to be awake.
What then, sick?
What do you think of it?
How vexist you are!
How good I feel about this!
How will this fadge?
How will you live?
How are you going to do for a father?
How can I honor him for the one I have given you?
How is the governor of the town doing?
How do I pray for you?
How, Cordelia?
How, how, how?
How, please?
How can many people under two command have a good life?
How, by stripping it, you will invest more.
I am afraid to think about how I can be saned.
How is my pretty York?
How, the nonpareil.
How will she ever be?
How?
How?
How?
How?
How?
How is that?
How is the day?
If you are a fiend, you are shielded by a woman’s shape.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
I am a howling.
Hoyday, a riddle!
Hugh Capet, who inherited the crown of Charles the duke of Lorraine, the sole heir of Charles the Great, was able to find
Hum!
Thank you, sir.
I am humbly on my knee asking for your blessing.
Dear, sir, thank you.
Humh!
Huntsman, I charge you, tender my hounds.
Hurry him in eleven places.
Husband, I will dine above with you today and shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.
Let’s follow to see the end of this ado.
What is your relationship with your husband?
Hush and be mute, or else our spell is ruined.
You think there are no more shapes like him, despite seeing him and Caliban.
Hush!
Hymen brought her from heaven, Yea, brought her here so you could join her hand with his heart within his bosom.
I am an itching palm.
I have scolded him.
I am almost dying for food, and let me have it.
I will go alone.
I am a fellow of the strangest minds in the world.
I am a fool to cry at what I am glad about.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I am a gentleman of blood and breeding, and I have gained some knowledge and assurance to give this job to you.
I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I am a gentleman.
I am a Jew.
I am a king, my masters, do you know that?
I am a soldier, and I am older in practice, and more capable than you to make the right decisions.
I am not a common man.
I am a tainted wether of the flock, the most ill for death.
I am a foolish, fond old man, fourscore and upward, not an hour more or less.
I am a villain.
I am afraid there are few people who die well in a battle, because how can they charitably dispose of anything when they are fighting?
I am afraid you are making a wish for me.
I am afeard, because it is night, all this is just a dream, too sweet to be substantial.
I am afraid he will chase me.
I am afraid this great lubber, the world, will be a cockney.
I am afraid to hear you tell me.
I agree, and I wish I had given him the best horse in Padua to start his wooing that would woo her thoroughly, wed her
I am all the daughters of my father’s house, and all the brothers too.
I am alone, the villain of the earth, and I feel like I am so much.
I am amazed and do not know what to say.
I am an ass, I am a woman’s man, and besides myself.
I am an ass, indeed.
I am an ass, but I would like to know her as well as she knows me.
I am well prepared and armed. Do not give me your hand, Bassanio.
I am as mad as he is, if sad and merry madness is equal.
I am ashamed I gave them the money.
I am ashamed that women are so simple to offer war where they should kneel for peace; or seek for rule, supremacy, and sway.
I am tired of this moon.
I am tired.
I am going to supper with Jessica.
I am bound by oath, and I will pardon him.
I am bound to hear.
I am bound to the court of Count Orsino.
I am bound to you forever.
I am bound to your niece, sir.
I am a boy to all three of them, but all three of them, even if they would serve me, cannot be man to me.
I am only hurt.
I am only a mad north-north-westerner.
I am called Dercetus.
I am called.
I have changed my mind.
I am Christopher Sly.
I am coming to tell my king and master to have a good night.
I am always devoted to my purpose.
I am happy you will keep me, but do not stay, keep me as long as you can.
I am happy, so the maiden cities you are talking about can wait on her.
I am happy, you will get it.
I am satisfied.
I am satisfied.
I am cut to the brains.
I am talking about my present store, and I cannot raise up the total of three thousand ducats instantly.
I am desperate about my fortunes if they check me.
I am sure you have been scolded and scolded by her as far as we call hers.
I am dumb.
I am dying, Egypt, dying.
I am the natural fool of fortune.
I am famished by his service.
I am afraid in the field and in the town.
I am fire and air, my other elements I give to basers.
I am for it, lieutenant, and I will do justice to you.
I am for the air.
I am for you right now.
I am for you.
I am full of pleasure.
I have been told secretly that your younger brother Orlando has the right to come in disguise against me to try a fall.
I am glad he has come, howsoe's he come?
I am glad about it.
I am glad about it.
I am glad you have left.
I am glad about it.
I am glad about it.
I am glad about it.
I am glad my weak words have only caused a lot of fire from Brutus.
I am glad you cannot speak better English, because if you could find me, you would think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I am glad your father is dead, your match was mortal to him, and pure grief smothered his old thread in two.
I am glad to see you in this merry way.
I am glad you are insane.
I am glad to see you well.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see your Honor.
I am gone, even though I am here.
I am Grumio’s pledge.
I am half afeard that you will say that he is a kin to you, and you are so witful of praising him.
I am the one who is so love-shaken.
I am him.
I am very glad I came here to you.
I am already here, sir.
I am hers.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
I have been your daughter for a while.
I am hurt.
I am a prince, Miranda. I think I am a king; I would not, not so!
I am ordered to deliver the noble duke of Clarence to your hands.
I am in debt for your last job.
I have been informed of the cause.
I am Launcelot, your boy who was, your son who is, and your child who will be.
I am not sure what I wanted you to know.
I am locked in one of them.
I have been mutilated for a long time.
I am abused.
I am more an antique Roman than a Dane.
I am prouder to be Sir Rowland’s son, his youngest son, and I would not change that calling to be Frederick
I am a big fan of how my lady's mother played a false role with a smith.
I am very close to you.
I am never a merry person when I hear sweet music.
I am no child, no baby.
I am not a fee-free person, lady.
I am not a fighter.
I am no less in blood than you are, Edmund.
I am no more mad than you are.
I am not a traitor.
I am not a villain.
I am not one of his flirty gills.
I am not one of his sains-mates.
I am not one of these, my lord.
I am not a slut, even though I thank the gods for being foul.
I am not a barbason, you can't conjure me.
I am not asking for love.
I am not going to please you with my answers.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
I am not drunk now.
I am not for this ambling.
I do not have the money to pay for it.
I am not a game-player.
I am not guilty of Lysander’s blood.
I am not here.
I do not know if there is a man like that or those eyes that make you answer “yes.” If he is killed,
I am not in a sporty mood now.
I am not in the giving mood today.
I am not insane, Sir Topas.
I am not insane.
I am not made of stones, but I am able to find your kind love, against my conscience and my soul.
I am not married, Caesar.
I am not a good man, but I am a fool by pretending to be different.
I am not a lot of words, but I thank you.
I am not yours.
I am not sick if Brutus has any exploit worthy of the name of honor.
I am not so reputed.
I am not as well as I should be, but I will never go out.
I am not sorry, either.
I am not Stephano, but I am a cramp.
I am not such an ass, but I can keep my hand dry.
I have never been taught to make anything.
I am not known to you, even though I am perfect in your honor.
I am not a fool.
I am not well in health, and that is all.
I am not well.
I am not what I am.
I am now from home, and I am out of that provision that will be necessary for your entertainment.
I am in great hurry, as it may appear to you.
I am old and foolish.
I am old now, and these same crosses spoil me.
I am one of those people who have been so angry and angry that I am reckless in doing what I do to spite the world.
I am one of you who comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are making the beast with two backs.
I am only sorry he did not have any other man to kill himself.
I am out of all other tunes, I think.
I am paid for it now.
I am pale, Charmian.
I am scolded for this world, I swear.
I am poisoned.
I am scolded at the smell of leek.
I am ill quickly, and I love it.
I am ready now.
I am ready.
I am right about to go.
I am satisfied.
I am not breathing, my lord.
I have been sent before to make a fire, and they are coming after to warm up.
I am sick and sad.
I am sick about him, and whatever happens to be his affections, he is equally suited to me.
I am so late in the world that I have lost my way forever.
I am a fool, if I stay longer, it would be my shame and your discomfort.
I am.
I am sorry for her, as I have just reason to be her uncle and guardian.
I am sorry for my cousin.
I am sorry for you, friend.
I am sorry for you.
I am sorry for your dissatisfaction, but everything will be good.
I am sorry I beat you.
I am sorry I have been fooled by him.
I am sorry I did not mention him with better judgment.
I am sorry you do not enjoy your leisure. Antonio, please, this gentleman, because you are very much bound to him.
I am sorry you will leave my father like that.
I am sorry to see you here.
I apologize for giving up my purpose. Help me out, dear Charmian.
I am sorry to hear this.
I am sorry.
I am speeding.
I am strong-framed.
I am stuffed, cousin.
I am sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.
I am sure he is in the fleet.
I am sure I am not such a person.
I am sure no one has any fight with me.
I am sure of that.
I am sure the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold.
I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.
I am sure you both remember me.
I am sure you know him well enough.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness deserves thanks.
I am tame, sir.
I am the unhappy subject of these quarrels.
I am that merry wanderer of the night.
I am the duke who loved your father.
I am the greatest, capable of the least, but I have been suspected, as time and place as I am, of this terrible murder.
I am the king himself.
I am the man.
I am Sir Rowland’s second son, who brings these tidals to this fair assembly.
I am Marcus Cato’s son.
I am the man. I will see that right away.
I am the youngest person in that name, because I am a worse person.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I am so bold to think about what you promised me.
I am your father’s spirit, doomed for a certain period to walk the night and for the day to be confined to fires.
I am tied to the stake, and I have to stand up.
I am to blame for waiting for it.
I am to blame.
I am going to pray you do not want to strain my speech to more serious issues or to more serious issues than to suspicion.
I am too sore enpiercé with his shaft to soar with his light feathers, and I can't get a pitch above dull sorrow.
I have been transformed, master, am I?
I am not in the mood for state and majesty.
I am receptive, even to the least sinister use.
I am very glad about it.
I am very glad to see you, sir.
I am very glad to see you.
I am very poor at ease, and I am not suitable for my own purposes.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them
I am very sorry you are not well.
I am tired of you.
I am young, but I am a good man, and I am wise to give up a poor, innocent lamb to help an angry god.
I am your host.
I am your neighbor, and I was suitor first.
I am your own for forever.
I am your spaniel.
I am your wife if you want to marry me.
I am.
I and my wife must debate for a while, and then I would not have any other company.
I and my sword will earn our chronicle.
I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the better man.
Is that what I am saying?
I am arresting you for high treason, by the name of Henry Scroop of Masham.
I am arresting you for high treason, by the name of Richard, Earl of Cambridge.
I am arresting you for high treason, by the name of Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland.
I assure my good liege that I am as good as I am, both to my God and to my gracious king.
I assure you, Carthage.
I am going to attend them with all respect and duty.
I told the man to knock on your gate and I couldn’t get him to do it.
I do not have hatred, blessed man, because my intercession is like a foe.
I beg for justice, which you, Prince, must give.
I believe drink gave you the lie last night.
I believe we should leave out the killing until everything is done.
I beg you, young man, do not put another sin on my head by telling me to fury.
I beg you to pardon me if I am mistaken, because my duty is not to be silent when I think your highness is wrong.
Please do me a courteous job, so I can know what my offense against him is.
Please, follow straight.
Please, sir, go.
Please, pardon me.
Please, what kind of man is he?
Please.
Please forgive me.
I did not tailor it to my needs.
I am beyond all the limits of what else I am doing to love you, honor you.
I am bleeding, sir, but I am not killed.
I do not bring any war or homage to you.
I will bring you a story about the Prince’s death.
I am not sure, because I am very happy and determined to face all dangers very quickly.
I should wear it myself.
I call you the most modest, because I am one of those gentle people who will use the devil himself with courtesy.
I do not call you.
I call them out to credit her.
I called you a poor shadow, “painted queen.” The presentation of what I was, the flattering index of a direful pageant
I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord.
I came here to tell you, and, since she has been talking about for too long, the lady is disloyal.
I can be hanged as well as tell the story.
I can be patient.
I cannot see it anymore.
I cannot resist throwing things at him.
I can keep a good counsel, ride, run, tell a curious story, and deliver a clear message.
I cannot live by thinking anymore.
I cannot do anything else.
I cannot do anything else.
I can read.
I can say nothing more than I have studied, and that is out of my mind.
I can see a church in daylight.
I cannot see without spectacles, and I cannot see anything like that.
I can stand well enough, and I can speak well enough.
I can stay with Regan, I and my hundred knights.
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I will be sworn.
I can tell you where that saying was born, "I do not fear colors." Where, good Mistress Mary?
I can tell you what you want.
I can tell you that it will help you to wear your shoes.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you found him.
I can tell your Majesty, the Duke is a handsome man.
I can write very similar to your niece, my lady. On a forgotten matter, we cannot make distinction between our hands.
I can tell her to look out of her lady’s room window any time of the night.
I can help you find a wife with enough wealth, young and wise, and he is the best woman to become.
I cannot be a man with wishing, so I will die a woman with grieving.
I can't be so answerable.
Goneril, I cannot be so partial to the great love I bear you. Please, calm down.
I cannot believe that in her.
I cannot tell you to live my daughter, that is impossible. Please, both of you, tell the people of Messina how innocent she was
I cannot blame her.
I do not blame you for crying now, because such a traumatic injury would vex a very saint, much more a shrew of your unpatient humor
I cannot remember what I was doing.
I cannot draw a cart or eat dried oats.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus’s love.
I cannot find it.
I cannot fly, but I have to fight the course.
I cannot go any further.
I cannot go to, man, and it is not very well.
I cannot hear any of those who saw her.
I cannot hide what I am.
I cannot hope Caesar and Antony will greet together.
I cannot live out of her company.
I cannot live to hear the news from England.
I cannot love him.
I cannot make you what I want.
I can't say “whore,” but it is a shame I am speaking the word now.
I can't speak any beginning to this sluggish odds, and I wish I had lost those legs that brought me to a part of it.
I cannot speak enough about this.
I cannot speak of this.
I cannot speak to her, but she urged her to speak.
I cannot speak your English.
I can't tell if it is dat.
I cannot tell what you and other men think about this life, but I would be as miserable as myself to be in awe of something like myself
I can’t tell, except they are busied about a fake assurance.
I do not think so.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not think so.
I do not think my sister would fail her obligation.
I do not think you are my son.
I do not wish the fault was wiped out, because it is so good.
I do not care about good life.
I do not care about my spirits, if my legs weren’t tired.
I do not care if I have.
I do not care.
I am directing you to do so, as you are my child.
I ask you, do not be more grieved than I am.
I will take you there, and I will never be able to haunt you like that.
I ask you to speak.
I am telling you, do not tempt me.
I will tell you that you are a worthy pillar of justice.
I ask you, as you hope to have redemption, that you leave and do not lay any hands on me.
I will get you home.
I will go with you.
I choose her for myself.
I chose her when I couldn't ask my father for advice, and I did not think I had one.
I am just coming in as others do, trying to convince him to be my strength.
I do not come to steal your hearts, friends.
I am going to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I am coming to fetch you to the senate house.
I am coming to you for charitable licenses, so we can wander through this bloody field to find our dead and then to bury them.
I commanded that the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again, and that I will prove that I will be able to help you.
I am recommending my duty to your lord.
I will give you the best advice.
I admit it is my shame to be so fond, but it is not my virtue to change it.
I confess the cape.
I confess two sleeves.
I swear to you by all the saints in heaven.
I will conjure you by the words you profess—however you come to know it—that you are asking me.
I could be sad.
I could be moved if I were as you.
I could do more to do Antonius good, but it would offend him, and if I perished, I would be punished.
I could find in my heart to beat him, but the poor monster is drinking.
I could interpret the relationship between you and your love if I saw the puppets dallying.
I could make as true a joke as that if I had a sow to my mistress.
I could marry this man for this device.
I could munch your good oats.
I couldn’t stand for you better than now.
I couldn’t find him at the Elephant.
I cannot say anything about him.
I couldn’t forget you, because I never saw you before in my life.
I couldn't stay behind you.
I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in and make everything split.
I could say she was worse.
I could tell you more about it.
I could bet it was.
I wish I could have a good friend to create some other entertainment style.
I am asking for the law, the penalty, and the forfeit of my bond.
I am asking your highness’ pardon.
I am a sinner.
I am crying for mercy, then, because I thought you had called me all these bitter names.
I will cry you mercy, then, I took you for that insane whore of Venice, who married with Othello.
I am crying for mercy, uncle. Thank you for your Grace’s pardon.
I am crying for mercy.
I beg your worship's name.
I am not going to do anything else.
I am sure no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
I am sure it is almost two, and it will be dinner time before you come here.
I am going to say that sir.
I would be sworn he would not leave it, and he would not pluck it off his finger for the wealth that the world has.
I dare damnation.
I will draw as soon as another man if I see the opportunity in a good fight and the law is on my side.
I would rather not put any money in the way of it.
I dare not tell him.
I do not dare admit that, if I could compare him to him in excellence, I would rather know him well than know him.
I do not drink yet, madam.
I do not dare, dear, dear, dear lord, pardon me, I do not dare, so I will not be taken.
I do not dare, sir.
I dare pawn down my life for him because he wrote this letter to feel my affection for you and to no other reason.
I would rather say you love him than wish him alone, so you are telling other men to think about him.
I swear he is not a hypocrite, but I am praying from his heart.
I swear this is the right Vincentio.
I dare, and I am defying you for a villain.
I am afraid of lechery.
Sometimes I am a bit snoring.
I did not deny you anything.
I do not deny it.
I do not want to be more happy than to be under sail and go tonight.
I want you to be more familiar.
I enacted Julius Caesar.
I heard him groaning, yes, and the tongue of his that told the Romans to mark him and write his speeches in their books.
I heard the galloping of a horse.
I did her wrong. Can't tell how an oyster makes his shell?
I loved you once.
I never knew so much about a voice issue from such a empty heart.
I did not give the lie.
I did not kill your husband.
I did not see him since.
I did not see you since you sent me home to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I did not think he knew her.
I did not think I would draw my sword against Pompey, because he has snorely defended me and defended me.
I did not think you could have been so angry.
I did not think I had met you here, sir.
I did not lock you out, husband.
I did not.
I did not do anything.
I said that when I first raised the tempest.
I sent you for gold to pay my legions, which you denied me.
I sent you a ring after the last enchantment you had here.
I did that, and I am sure you will see it as a darling like your precious eye.
I did so, and I went further, which is now our point of second meeting.
I think it was formed by the excellent shape of your leg, under the star of a galliard.
I did very well note him.
I did, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
I am arresting you, sir.
I assure you, father, that it is.
I assure you, it is against my will.
I am not a fan of the general and I do not think it is any more than my wish to have him see me womaned.
I am starting to have bloody thoughts.
I think he was.
I believe it, and I ask you to pardon me.
I believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are given to Caesar.
I beg you, if you bear me hard, then you will enjoy it.
I beg you, who are suppler, to follow them swiftly and stop them from doing what this ecstasy may provoke them to do.
I beg you to understand my purpose.
I beg you, that I could put it in my prayers. What is your name?
Please, sir, have patience.
I beg you, sir, to not bother yourself any more.
Please do not take it off the ground.
I beg you.
I beg your Grace to pardon me for delaying my visitation.
I beg your Grace to pardon me, and I will beg you to stop your conference with the noble duke.
Please, your Grace, let me know my fault.
Please, Lord, call her back.
I bite my thumb.
I beg a little boy to be my king.
I am only keeping the peace.
I will wait until you are married, and then I will go to Aragon.
I confess my fault and submit myself to your Highness’s mercy.
I agree. Prick him down, Antony.
I am a fool and apprehend you for a felon here.
I want it with all my heart, and I hope it does not make me want to be a woman of the world.
I do not want to do anything else.
I am hoping we can be better strangers.
I accept your offer and leave for now.
I am telling you, not a man, except I am alone until Antony has spoken.
I am asking you to pardon me.
I am afraid the people choose Caesar for their king.
I hear the lark in the morning.
I do not know what I am thinking, and I am afraid to find my eye too flattering for me.
I know him by his gait.
I know when the blood burns, how prodigal the soul is to be.
I do not have any part of the spirit that is in Antony.
I love it better than laughing.
I do not love anything in the world as much as you.
I do not use it.
I do not want the thunder-bearer to shoot, and I do not tell you anything about you.
I do not want you to call me.
I do not want him to answer for me, and yet I am determined to fight lustfully for him.
I do not think you are dealing with me justly.
I do not know.
I do not know one of my sex, and no woman’s face remembers.
I do not know what “poetical” means.
I do not know you are as good a man as myself.
I do not know what I should think, my lord.
I do not know.
I do not like her name.
I do not like the job.
I do not like the Tower, any place. Did Julius Caesar build that place?
I do not like your look, I promise you.
I do not like your faults.
I do not fool myself, because I am afraid I am letting my imagination fool me, for every reason, that my lady loves me.
I do not see them bleeding.
I do not set my life in a pin’s fee, and for my soul, what can it do to that?
I do not think so.
I do not think it is good.
I do not think so.
I do not think there is any woman like that.
I do not think you can, because you were not three years old.
I do not understand.
I do not know, my lord.
I do not understand that.
I do not, sir.
I do not, until you have done them on me.
I am not saying anything anymore.
I will obey you until I am free.
I remember in this shepherd boy some lively touches of my daughter’s favor.
I remember that Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond should be king when Richmond was a little peevey boy.
I remember now.
I remember where I should be, and I am here.
I remember.
I am sorry I put it to you.
I am sorry I spent the tedious minutes with her.
I will ask you to use them, as we will find that their merits and our safety may be equally determined.
I am helping you out.
I confess.
I suffer love because I love you against my will.
I suspect I have done some offense that seems disgraceful in the city’s eyes, and that you are coming to understand my ignorance.
I am wrong, and I will start to fight.
There is a stalemate in death, which is a loving act on her, and she is so stale in dying.
I wander everywhere, more swift than the moon’s sphere.
I do, this is a good thing for me.
I do, and it is certainly a sleepy language, and you are speaking out of your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I swear to you that you are honest.
I do.
I do.
I doubt it is the main reason for his father’s death and our obnoxious marriage.
I do not doubt it, sir, but you will curse your wooing.
I do not doubt his friends will come to us.
I do not doubt his temper.
I do not doubt your wisdom.
I do not doubt that, since we are well-persuaded, we do not carry a heart with us from here.
I doubt some danger is approaching you.
I doubt some foul play.
I dreamed of a dream tonight.
I dreamed last night of the three weird sisters. They have shown some truth to you.
I dreamed there was an emperor Antony.
I dreamed tonight that I feasted with Caesar, and things unlucky are causing my fantasy.
I drew my sword to part them.
I drink to you.
I am drunk.
I would have denied that before you were so choleric.
I do not want to.
I would like to wager that she is honest, and put my soul on the stake.
I eat the air, I am promised.
I embrace it.
I am afraid it is choleric.
I am afraid he will be the weeping philosopher when he grows old, despite his unmannered sadness in his youth.
I am afraid he will.
I am afraid I am wronging the honorable men who have stabbed Caesar.
I am afraid it is too choleric.
I am afraid, I promise you.
I am afraid both of you are false.
I am afraid you will not be in until then.
I am afraid my Thisbe’s promise is forgotten.
I do not fear uncles being killed.
I do not fear you.
I am afraid you will return again for a ransom.
I am afraid you have sold your own land to see other men’s.
I am afraid you are going to do that.
I feared he had scolded you and wanted to wreck you.
I feel this pinprick.
I am fighting against you.
I find that Don Pedro has given a young Florentine named Claudio much honor.
I find it still, when I am awake.
I am not sleepy.
I find you gentle.
I am flying, Biondello.
I follow him to serve my turn on him.
I forget, but these sweet thoughts refresh my work. I am most busy when I do it.
I will forgive you for the praise.
I found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress.
I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren.
I found him under a tree like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my room, and he confessed that there he dropped it for a special purpose that he wanted.
I found it in my closet.
I did not find Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
I found you as a morsel cold on Dead Caesar’s trencher.
I frown all the time, and I will watch or play with my rich jewel.
I frown on him, but he loves me still.
I did not give him any order.
I gave him the stuff.
I gave my love a ring and made him swear never to wear it.
I gave you mine before you asked for it, and yet I wish I could give it back again.
I gave you everything, and you gave it right away.
I give myself away for you and dote on the exchange.
I curse him, but he gives me love.
I give it to you.
I give them this ring, which when you break from, lose, or give away, will be a sign of your love.
I will stand to see him pass on to the Capitol.
I am going, I am going.
I am going, my lord.
I am going, my lord.
I am going, sir, but I would not want you to think that my desire to have is the sin of covet.
I will go, and at three or four o'clock look for the news that the Guildhall offers.
I am going.
I am going.
I am going.
I am going.
I give him blood, adversity, false, deceitful, and smacking of every sin that has a name.
I am sure I am a woman, but I am a woman Lord Brutus took to wife.
I am sure I am a woman, but I am a woman well-known, Cato’s daughter.
I am sure it has not appeared, and your suspicion isn't without wit and judgment.
I swear, friends, if you frighten the ladies out of their wits, they would have no choice but to hang us.
I grant you.
I will greet you immediately with my thanks, and I will put you to it.
I guess at it.
I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the slapstick with such a mortal motion
I had a Richard too, and you killed him. I had a Rutland too, and you holp to kill him.
I had a son, now outlawed from my blood.
I had a wound here that was like a “T,” but now it has become a “H.”
I would be a Brownist as a politician.
I had to be wooed by a snail.
I had a reed that will not do me anything like a partisan.
I had as much as a mistress.
I had as much pain breaking his neck as breaking his finger.
I wish the general camp had tasted her sweet body, and I did not know anything about it.
I had been full as the marble, founded as the rock, as broad and general as the air.
I had forgotten the reward.
I had forgotten for three months.
I had it from him.
I had it from Leah when I was a bachelor.
I had the most need for blessing, and “Amen” suck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet in my purse, which was the model of that Danish seal.
I had my brother’s purpose in this article and have sworn in to dissuade him from it by hand.
I would rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace.
I would rather be a country servant-maid than a great queen with this condition.
I would rather be a dog and a moon than a Roman.
I would rather be a peddler.
I would rather be a toad and live on the vapor of a dungeon than keep a corner in the thing I love for others.
I would rather be a fool than a fool.
I would rather be married to a death’s head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these.
I would rather break my own rules.
I would rather have a fool to make me sad than experience to travel for it.
I would prefer to have a handful or two of dried peas.
I would rather have my horse to my mistress.
I would rather cut this tongue from my mouth than give off Michael Cassio.
I would rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swearing he loves me.
I would rather be forty pounds at home.
I would rather adopt a child than get it. Come here, Moor.
I thought it was poor, but since my lord is Antony again, I will be Cleopatra.
I hate a drunken rogue.
I hate ingratitude more than lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, or any other taint of evil.
I hate it as much as a void.
I hate the Moor, and it is thought abroad that he has done my job.
I hate the word, as I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I have it in my nose too.
I have.
I have a beard coming.
I have a daughter who is my responsibility while she is mine. She has given me this.
I have a daughter called Katherina.
I have a daughter.
I have a way to make everything work.
I have a file of all the gentry.
I am very happy, uncle.
I have a head that will find logs, and I will never bother Peter for the matter.
I have a health for you.
I will have a long journey to go, sir.
I have a letter written down in a way that is neutral, and not a opposed one.
I am going to strike you when you speak.
I am having a pain on my forehead.
I have a good ear for music.
I have a salty and sorry rheum that offends me.
I have a ship Laden with gold.
I have a soul of lead that cannot move.
I will give you a suit.
I have something for you.
I have a fairy who will hunt for the squirrel’s hoard and fetch you new nuts.
I have a widow aunt, a king of great income, and she has no child.
I have a wife I am angry I love.
I have almost forgotten the taste of fear.
I have almost slipped the hour.
I have already.
I have come to sleep with a glimpse of sleep.
I have an ability to knock you indifferently.
I am interested in your actions.
I have as much of my father in me as you, though I admit you are closer to his reverence.
I have as much of this in art as you do, but I cannot bear it.
I have been dear to him for a while, lad, about two thousand strong.
I have been talking with a suitor here, a man who is slammed by your dissatisfaction.
I have been looking for you.
I have heard so many of these things.
I have been awake all night for a while.
I have been with your father and told him that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan’s duchess will be here tonight.
I have been worth the whistle.
I have been your tenant and your father’s tenant for four years.
I have broken up with her father and obtained his goodwill.
I have brought him a present.
I have brought you from Venice.
I have only seen the articles with a cursory eye.
I told you not to go to my doors.
I have fooled you even a little.
I have done a bad thing, and I am so angry that I will not rejoice anymore.
I have done my duty.
I have done my work poorly, friends.
I have done nothing wrong.
I have done nothing more to Caesar than you will do to Brutus.
I have done the deed.
I have done it.
I have done it.
I have drunk only one cup tonight, and that was a good one.
I have drunk poison while he said it.
I have always been able to keep my cap off to your fortunes.
I have a good meaning, sir.
I have fled myself and instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders.
I have forgotten why I called you back.
I have forgotten your name, but I am sure that part was properly fitted and naturally performed.
I have sworn he is sleeping and sleeping.
I have full reason to cry, but this heart will break into a hundred thousand flaws, or if I cry, I will go crazy.
I am very happy with this fellow.
I have had four fights, and I would like to have fought one.
I have heard her swear.
I have heard him speak against it, and I thank God I am not a woman, to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he
I have heard it over and over again, and it is nothing, nothing in the world. Unless you can find sport in their intentions, and
I have heard it said so.
I have heard more since.
I have heard my father name him.
I have heard of some kind of men who put quarrels on others to taste their valor.
I have heard of your paintings, well enough.
I have heard that Julius Caesar ate there fat.
I have heard too much, and your words and performances are not akin to each other.
I have heard where many of the best respects are in Rome, except for the immortal Caesar, talking about Brutus and groaning under this age
I have heard that you have made great efforts to qualify for his rigorous course.
I have immortal longings in me.
I have it about me here.
I do not have it about me.
I have it ready for you.
I have it, and it is sound.
I have it, Tranio!
I have known when he would have walked ten miles to see a good armor. Now he will lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new
I have known when he had no music with him except the drum and the fife, and now he would prefer to hear the pipe and the
I have laid those sheets you swore on the bed.
I have led you often, and I will be with you now, my friends, and I will thank you for all of you.
I have slapped her, but it is Jove who is doing it, and I am thankful.
I have lived long enough.
I have locked the letter in my closet.
I have been in the world for four times seven years and since I could distinguish between a benefit and a injury, I never found a man who
I have made it for you.
I have not made any fault.
I have made a strong proof of my perseverance by giving myself a voluntary wound in the thigh.
I have many enemies in Orsino’s court, and I would be very soon there.
I have seen a thousand blushing apparitions to start into her face, a thousand innocent shames in angel whiteness beat away those blushes
I am more concerned about staying than I want to go.
I have more reason to do that.
I have to do much to go hang my head all over one side and sing it like poor Barbary.
I have decided on a course that does not need you.
I have neither the scholar’s melancholy, which is emulation, nor the musician’s, which is fantastical. I have neither
I do not want to see a better man.
I have no good reason for it, but I have good reason.
I do not have food for you.
I have no great devotion to the deed, but he has given me good reasons to do that.
I do not think he is ruined.
I have no long spoon.
I have no more royal sons for you to slaughter.
I have no power over you.
I have no way, and therefore I do not want to see.
I do not want to wander out of the door, but something leads me out.
I do not have any words.
I do not have any.
I have never drowned in the water, so I am not afraid to be afeaded of your four legs.
I do not have the art to think about my groans, but I love you best, oh, best, and I am not.
I have not breathed since I saw it.
I haven’t had dinner today.
I have not heard the clock.
I haven’t seen him for two days.
I have not seen such a firago.
I have read it well.
I have nothing to do with you.
I do not have any answer with this, Hamlet.
I have taken it upon myself to tell you about it.
I have offended reputation, a very unnoble behavior.
I have seen a very faint neglect of my life recently, which I would rather blame on jealousy than as a very foolish and unkindness.
I have done your pleasure and my promise.
I have possessed your grace of what I intended, and by our holy Sabbath I have sworn to have the due and forfeit my bond.
I have told you to be my friend, and I confess I am a man who is a man who is a man of a saneness.
I have promised to make everything even more clear.
I have received a hurt.
I have said what I have said.
I have said what I have said.
I have said what I have said.
I have seen her die twenty times in a far worse moment.
I have not seen anything.
I have seen you fight when I have envied your behavior.
I have seen you both.
I have seen you gleeking and galloping at this gentleman twice or twice.
I have sent him back.
I have sent for these strawberries.
I sent to ask Cassio to come speak with you.
I have sent twenty people out to search for you.
I have already slept, my lord.
I have been so often blushed to acknowledge him that now I am excited about it.
I have some business.
I have said so much to mitigate your plea, which, if you follow it, this strict court will give a sentence to the merchant there.
God knows, I have been waiting for you in pain and agony.
I have them ready.
I have been informed of them from my sister this evening, and I am sure they will stay at my house if they come.
I told him that Lepidus was grown too cruel, that he abused his high authority and did deserve his change.
I have told you often, and I will tell you again and again, I hate the Moor.
I have too grieved a heart to take a tedious leave.
I have been watching you for two nights, but I cannot see any truth in your report.
I have wiped three tailors out.
I have used it, uncle, since you made your daughters your mothers.
I have used you as you are, with human care, and I have put you in my own cell until you have tried to violate the honor
I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking.
I have been watching a lot all night for a lesser reason, and I have never been sick.
I have a good opinion on it, sir.
I have a thousand of these bragging jacks that I will use.
I have forty-eight years on my back.
I have room for six scotches more.
I have, my lord.
I have been talking to a magician since I was three years old, who is very powerful in his art, and yet is not damnable.
I have, when you heard what I can say.
I have.
I hear a knocking at the south entrance.
I hear a tongue, a shriller than all the music, cry “Caesar!”
I hear him mock Caesar’s luck, which the gods give men to excuse their wrath.
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I hear it by the way, but I will send it.
I hear it above me.
I hear my father coming.
I do not hear anything, madam.
I hear some noise inside.
I hear some noise.
I hear the minstrels play.
I hear the news, my lord.
I hear the strutting chanticleer cry “Cock-a-diddle-dow.” Where should this music be
I hear their drum.
I hear that you must marry this county on Thursday, and nothing can ruin it.
I heard him say that Brutus and Cassius are riddled with disease through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear he is affectionate.
I did not hear it.
I heard myself proclaiming, and by the happy hollow of a tree, I escaped the hunt.
I did not hear anything.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
I heard you say you did not like Cassio’s wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
I give you that with all my heart, which, but you have already, I want to keep from you with all my heart.
I swear to this honorable assembly that she kicked the poor king.
I hid myself under the dead mooncalf’s sand for fear of the storm.
I am not a brother, but a subject of this war.
I am a big fan of your dainties, sir, and you are dear to me.
I hope it is better.
I hope he is in love.
I hope he has grown much since I saw him last time.
I hope he is, but mothers should be afraid.
I hope my noble lord is esteeming me as honest.
I hope you are not drowned.
I hope she will be brief.
I hope so, Lepidus.
I hope so.
I hope the king made peace with us all.
I hope they will not come to us now.
I hope my passion for humor will change.
I hope this is the reason I am going to excuse.
I hope you are not insane.
I hope we have reformed that indifferently.
I hope you do not want to cheat me like that.
I hope you will consider what I have said about my love.
I hope your Majesty is bringing me testimony and testimony, and I will tell you that this is Alençon’s glove.
I hope for my brother’s reason he wrote this as a taste of my virtue.
I hope you cannot find him in any place as unsanctified as you can find him.
I hoped he did not have to bother with any such thoughts yet.
I am learning an hourly how to obey and would like to see him in his face.
Please proceed to the state affairs.
I beg you to forgive me for loving you too much.
I am humbly leaving.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and I love the lovely bully.
I knew a woman who married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
I knew it would be your answer.
I knew what you wanted.
I knew you were moving at the first time.
I knew your father.
I know it, my sister’s.
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip.
I know a woman of excellent discourse, pretty and witty, and yet, too gentle.
I know that there is some good news.
I know he loves me well.
I know he would not be a wolf, but I see that the Romans are sheep.
I know her answer.
I know her by her gait.
I know her father, even though I do not know her, and he knew my deceiving father well.
I do not know him.
I know him as brave.
I know him well.
I know him, he is wearing a lock.
I know his eyes are homages elsewhere, or else what does it mean he would be here?
I know his gait, it is him. You die.
I know his heart.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I know his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I cannot please you.
I know what she will do, and it is not impossible for me to see her tomorrow, as human as she is, without any danger.
I know it by their pale and deadly looks.
I know it is the moon.
I know that the sun is shining so bright.
I know it does not please any of us.
I know it well.
I know my hour is here.
I know my lady will strike him.
I know my physic will work with him.
I know my remedy.
I do not know what to say.
I do not know anything, my lord.
I do not know anything about it, my lord.
I don’t know how to make it into love, but I am telling you directly, “I love you.” Then
I do not know who arrested him well, but he is in a suit of sanity that reprimanded him.
I do not know what power I have been given, and how it may affect my modesty in such a presence.
I do not know how to pray for your patience, but I have to speak.
I do not know if it is true, but I will do as if I am a fool.
I do not know that, when he knows what I know.
I do not know what was just distraction.
I do not know what to say.
I do not know what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell down.
I do not know where he is staying, and if I wanted to find a place to stay and say he is here or there, I would
I do not know which one is.
I do not know why he is coming.
I do not know what you want, gentlemen, who else must be let blood, who else is rank?
I do not know, lady.
I do not know, madam.
I do not know how lesser enmities can give way to greater.
I do not know, sir.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I know the country well.
I know she is a scolding.
I know that you deserve that virtue, Brutus, as well as I know your outward favor.
I know that voice.
I know that we will have him to be a friend.
I know that, but I want you to go back and forth.
I know the boy will give a gentlewoman the grace, voice, gait, and action.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the king and queen sent for you.
I know the handwriting.
I know the man.
I do not know you.
I know you.
I know you as a sane villain, as he is a villain, as he is a villain, as he is a villain.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you, Roderigo.
I know they are in Rome looking for Antony.
I know this is a joyful thing to do for you, but it is not a problem.
I know this, and I am challenging it.
I know you can't choose.
I know you will say “Yes,” and I will take your word.
I know your constellation is right for this matter.
I know your quality.
I know what reason I think so.
I know when one is dead and when one is alive.
I know where I will wear this dagger.
I know you are my eldest brother, and you would be able to know me in the gentle condition of blood.
I know you are not a fool.
I know you are not ignorant. I wish you did, sir.
I know you are a man who is a king.
I know you by the wiggle of your head.
I know you couldn’t be so confident about this, I am sure, that I, your partner in the cause he fought, couldn
I do not know you.
I know you are old.
I know what you are, and like a sister I am afraid to call your faults as they are named.
I know you.
I know young men are looking for a time to rest.
I know your favor well, even if you have no seacap on your head. Take him away.
I know, sir, I am not flattering.
I know,” he said, “no house, no wife, no mistress.
I lay with Cassio lately, and I couldn’t sleep because of a raging tooth.
I learned it in England, where they are very capable of potting.
I leave an arrant knave with your Worship, which I ask your Worship to correct yourself.
I will give him your gracious acceptance, whose trial will better publish his praise.
I am not thinking about my duties, but I am not talking about my injuries.
I led them on in this distracted fear and left sweet Pyramus translated there.
I did not leave any ring with her.
I do not like him, and I am not safe with him to let his madness go.
I like him very much.
I do not like it.
I do not like that.
I like the new tire inside, if the hair were a browner, and your gown is a rare fashion, I am sure.
I like the work.
I like you guys.
I did not think you would have followed me.
I have been waiting for you to be safe and sound aboard.
I am waiting to hear him call the drunkard "husband" and how my men will keep themselves from laughing when they honor this simple peasant.
I am waiting to hear the story of your life, which must take the ear strangely.
I am eager to know the truth about this.
I have been waiting for the prince to see him.
I look down towards his feet, but that is a fable.
I looked at her in the face and saw her lead between her brother and Mark Antony.
I did not look for you yet, and I am not sure you are welcome.
I love her ten times more than I did before.
I do not love you, so do not pursue me.
I do not love you.
I love you so much that you do not like it.
I love to help him with these sane fits, because then he is full of matter.
I love you the better; the listeners can cry “Amen. God match me with a good dancer!
I love you so much that none of you is left to protest.
I love your majesty, according to my contract, neither more nor less.
I loved him, friend. No father his son is dearer.
I loved Ophelia.
I always loved you.
I did not love you.
I did not make any report.
I am all about using it, because I only use it.
I do not make it, but I am going to see it.
I am marrying her.
I am amazed Cambio does not come all this time.
I am amazed our mild husband did not meet us on the way.
I marvel at how close you and your daughters are.
I am amazed why I did not answer again.
I am amazed your ladyship is enjoying such a barren woman.
I can command where I love, but silence, like a knife, is going to gore my bloodless heart.
I can command where I love. Why, she can command me.
I may do something I will be sorry for.
I cannot say what he is.
I cannot leave it.
I cannot, madam.
I can say that piercing steel and darts envenomed will be as welcome to Brutus’s ears as the sightings.
I can sit in a corner and cry, "Heigh-ho for a husband!” Lady Beatrice, I will get you one
I mean singing.
I do not mean he is sane, but I am sure he is sane.
I mean that my heart is knit so that we can only make one heart from it.
I mean, if we are in a choler, we will draw.
I mean, in a way.
I mean, my head is on your lap?
I mean, she is the list of my journey.
I mean, sir, for his weapon.
I mean, the Lord Protector.
I mean, what you read, my lord.
I mean to go, sir, to enter.
I meant a holy thistle.
I am not a tradesman or a woman, but I am a surgeon to old shoes.
I met her deity, cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her.
I met the duke yesterday and had a lot of questions with him.
I met the young lord at Lawrence’s cell and gave him what I could be like, not stepping beyond the limits of modesty.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
I might ask you for your commission, but I take you, Orlando, for my husband.
I could call him a divine man, because there is nothing natural about him.
I could do it as well in the dark.
I could have saved her.
I am unsure why she is in liberty.
I must and will have Katherine marry my wife.
I have to find another way to get a ladder, by which your love must climb a bird’s nest soon.
I must attend my office or would have done it myself.
I will be there on Caesar.
I have to attend the duke at dinner.
I will go away this night to Padua, and I will meet it.
I have to be surrounded by circumstances.
I must be cruel only to be kind.
I have to go.
I have to go.
I must be idle.
I would rather be laughed at if I were offended or for nothing or a little bit, and I would rather be laughed at more than that.
I must be one of these dumb wise men, because Gratiano never lets me speak.
I must believe my master, but I promise you, I will be arguing on that.
I must catechise you for it.
I must admit your offer is the best, and let your father make her the assurance that she is your own.
I have to stop your company.
I have to eat my dinner.
I must embrace you.
I have to work with you in some way to fight our marriage and talk about something that matters to you.
I have to get him sane ashore.
I have to go in.
I have to go find some dewdrops here and hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear.
I have to go with you to Belmont.
I have the freedom to blow on anyone I want, as fools have.
I have to go wait.
I have to leave them and seek better service.
I have to leave you.
I must love you and sue you to know you better.
I have to follow him with my letter.
I have to tell you the truth.
I have to tell you everything.
I cannot say no.
I have to obey.
Once in a month I have to tell you what you have been, which you forget.
I must have shown you such a declining day or look at you.
I have to be adamant.
I have to remove some thousand of these logs and pile them up if I have a sore injunction.
I have to stay with the kings and carry the luggage of our camp.
I have to take out the work.
I have to talk a word with you.
I will tell you then.
I will go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I am beautiful about the face.
I have to hurry up.
I must, she will walk in the street and get out of here.
I could make a chough of that as deep chat.
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed.
I am myself.
I hadn’t seen this before.
I do not need to be ashamed of your Majesty, because I am praised as God, as long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I do not know it, and I cannot learn about him.
I can't see him until I am heartburned an hour later.
I never denied it.
I never did anything to her.
I never liked the idea of molestation in the flood.
I never felt it until now. Two thousand ducats in that, and other precious jewels.
I never gave him any.
I never gave him reason to do that.
I never gave him tokens.
I never got him. Speak, the duke’s trumpets.
I never hated you.
I have never heard a passion so confused, so strange, outrageous, and so variable as the dog Jew uttered in the streets.
I have never heard such a discord, such sweet thunder.
I never hurt you.
I never knew that woman love man so much.
I never looked for better hands after he fell in love with Mistress Shore.
I cannot believe any of these antique fables or fairy toys.
I have never seen a better-fashioned gown, more beautiful, and more commended.
I never saw a woman, but I only saw Sycorax my dam and she.
I never saw such a shameful act.
I never saw her until this time.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the necklace, so help me, and this is false you are burdening me with.
I never saw you in my life until now.
I will not endure her.
I never spoke with her in my life.
I never sued a friend or an enemy, but I could never learn a sweet, sweet word.
I never thought he was worse.
I never was, and I will not be false.
I do not doubt he came alive to land.
I did not notice her, but I looked at her.
I now believe it was not your brother’s bad behavior that made him seek his death, but a provoking merit that was wrought by a
I am sorry I told the king, as if I were too triumphant, how my enemies were killed at Pomfret today, and I myself
I nursed her daughter, whom you talked to.
I have often given him the money I have lost for many of them.
I often came to the place I heard of her, but I can’t find her.
I gave my body once for his wealth, which was quite miscarried for him who had your husband’s ring.
I will leave again.
I once wrote a sonnet in praise of nature and began like this: “Wonder of nature.
I am one, my lord.
I am only talking right on.
I have overheard him and his practices.
I owe you much, and, like a willful young man, I am losing everything I owe.
I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace.
I am waiting for life.
I pardon that man’s life.
I feel a bit more like you.
I guess I have loved it now.
I know the man.
I passed the melancholy flood, with the sour ferryman, poets write about, to the kingdom of perpetual night.
I will wait for a reply.
I see these lords at this encounter so much that they devour their reason and scarce think their eyes are a source of truth.
I ask you to eat, look, this leek.
I pitied you, made it hard to make you speak, and taught you one thing or two at a time.
I am sorry you are complaining.
I am sorry you were.
I beg God he is not, I say.
Please, keep below.
I pray the gods she can, with all my heart.
Please tell me how you love her.
Please, bring my previous answer back.
Please stop your advice, which falls into my ears as profitless as water in a sieve.
Please do not chide me.
Please do not mock me, fellow student.
Please, get us some excellent music, because tomorrow night we will have it at Lady Hero’s bedroom window.
Please, give it to me.
Please, Horatio, wait on him.
Please, Mercutio, let’s go away.
Please listen to me.
Please, keep your peace.
If it is true, you will have to buy the cottage, the pasture, and the flock, and you will have to pay for it from
Please, let’s go find him and quicken his heaviness with some or all of his delight.
Please mark me.
Please, moralize them.
Please, overname them.
Please, calm down.
Please, Rosalind, be a good man.
Please sing, and let me woo no more.
Please tell me that he is well.
Please, if you have concealed this sight before, keep it quiet.
Please, all, stand up.
Please, and please, that you will.
Please bring me on the way a little and tell me if I will see you soon.
Please call them in.
Please do.
Please leave me.
Please do not forget to read my verses.
Please do not leave any trees with writing love songs in their barks.
Please, get them now.
Please go out and tell us who is coming.
Please, please, be a good father to me.
Please tell Benedick about it and hear what he will say.
Please tell me your remedy.
Please tell me.
Please tell your brother how well I have faked.
Please watch Signior Leonato’s door, because the wedding is going tomorrow. There is a great ring tonight.
Please choose another subject.
Please, please, give my praises to Mistress Squash, your mother, and Master Peascod, your father.
Please, dissuade him from her.
Please, do not fail me.
Please, father, because you are weak, you seem to be so.
Please, give me permission to go away.
Please, give me permission.
Please, go with me.
Please let me know, Bassanio.
Please, have a continent forbearance until his rage is slower.
Please listen to her.
Please, husband, do not be so upset.
Please, is my master yet returned?
Please, sir, as you sit at dinner.
Please, keep it in.
Please know me when we meet again.
Please leave me.
Please, let it stand.
Please, let me look at the contract.
Please let me see it.
Please, do not let my jealousy be your dishonors, but my own safeties.
Please, look at her.
Please tell me, master.
Please, one of you asks another if he gives us any food.
Please pardon me.
Please, pass with your best violence.
Please, remember the porter.
Please, come on.
Please, see him discharged now, because he is bound to sea and stays only for it.
Please, sir, get out of here.
Please, sir, hold your hand.
Please, sir, my ring or the other one.
Please, sir, take patience.
Please, sir, what is he?
Please, sir, lie in my tent and sleep.
Please do not speak to me.
Please tell me.
Please tell my lord and father, madam, I will not marry yet.
Please, in love and friendship, let that one article rank with the rest, and then give me your daughter.
Please turn the key and keep our counsel.
Please, uncle, give me this dagger.
Please, what is he?
Please, what does he think of our estate?
Please, will you take him by the arm?
Please.
Please, sir, can you read?
Please tell me, sir, is it possible that love suddenly takes such a hold?
Please do not cry.
Please let me have it.
Please let me hear it.
Please tell me the time, but do not let it take three days.
I urge you to lead the way without any more talking. Without the king and all our other friends being drowned, we will inherit here.
Please, ungird your strangeness and tell me what I will send to my lady.
Please tell me what you think, as you ruminate, and give your worst thoughts the worst of words.
I would rather take the cork out of your mouth so I can drink your tidal.
I will pay you for it, and I will give you my help to get me what I am.
Please, go away.
Please, boy, run to the senate house.
Please call him back.
Please do so.
Please, foolish Greek, come out of me.
Please tell me, Grumio, how is the world going?
Please listen to me.
Please, let your wife take her to her, and bring them to her.
Please, calm down.
Please, pretty York, who told you this?
Please, pretty young man, let me be more familiar with you.
Please, put them off.
Please, tell me some of them.
Please, remember I have done you worthy service, didn’t make you mistakes, and served without grudge or grumblings.
Please, shepherd, if love or gold can buy entertainment in this desert place, bring us where we can rest and feed.
Please, Strato, stay by your lord.
Please tell me who it is quickly, and speak quickly.
Please, turn aside and weep for her.
Please, go somewhere else to avoid your slander.
Please, who is he trotting with?
Please, who?
I promise you I do not know myself.
I promise you have made my eyes water.
I promise you, my soul is very sluggish in the memory of such a fair dream.
I swear I love you.
I am angry that these wise men who crow at these kind of fools are no better than the fools’ zanies.
I am telling her that I am good, and I am sure she will tell her as much.
I am protesting in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.
I put it in my pocket.
I would rather choose to wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you than to wrong such honorable men.
I would rather be subjected to the malice of a bloody brother and a bloody brother.
I told a Frenchman yesterday that in the narrow seas between the French and English, there was a ship carrying a rich man from our country.
I remember a lot of things, but nothing distinct.
I remember him well, and I remember him worthy of your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar put it on.
I remember the story.
I remember your eyes well enough.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword on a stone and told him to take that for coming to Jane Smile night.
I remember you supplanted your brother Prospero.
I remember.
I remember.
I am sorry I harried him so much.
I am very close to you.
Richard’s body has been reborn, and on it has given more tears than it has given forcibly poured blood.
I robbed his wound.
I said that, dear Katherine, and I can't blush to say it.
I said you had a good wit.
I saw it in the orchard.
I did not see it, I did not think it was, it did not hurt me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio parting.
I saw her laid in her kindred’s vault and took the post to tell you.
I did not see him.
I saw him once.
I saw him put down the other day with a fool.
I saw him yesterday, or “it was the other day,” or then, or then, with such or such.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown (it wasn’t a crown, it wasn’t one of these coronets)
I did not see any man use you to do his job.
I saw Othello’s face in his mind, and I swore my soul and my fortunes to his honors and his valiant parts.
I saw the Duchess of Milan's gown that they praise so much.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you at Count Orsino’s late.
I did not see them.
I say “amen.”
I say “your husband”. Can you understand the word?
I am a devil.
I say a husband.
Again, I say, give out that Anne, my queen, is sick and likes to die.
I say amen to her.
I say amen, Gonzalo.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.
I say he will go to prison.
I say I love you more than he can do.
I say I will make him eat some part of my leek or I will peat his pate for four days.
I say the moon is shining so bright.
I say it is the moon.
I say my daughter is my flesh and blood.
I am telling you my prayers.
I say she never wrote this letter.
I say she will, and first start with her.
I say you have been lied to my innocent child.
I say your husband.
I say this house is dark.
I say to you, I asked your master to cut out the gown, but I did not ask him to cut it to pieces.
I say you are not.
I say, but please remember his gesture.
I say he got this island by sorcery.
I say, it is not lost.
Caesar, Antony is dead.
I say, remember.
There is no darkness except ignorance, in which you are more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog.
I say this house is as dark as ignorance, even though ignorance was as dark as ignorance.
I say we will not have any more marriages.
I do not scorn you.
I see a voice.
I see a woman can be made a fool if she does not have a spirit to resist.
I see him rouse himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you are poor.
I see the business.
I see that the jewel that is best etched will lose his beauty.
I see the ruin of my house.
I see these witches are afraid of swords.
I see this has a little slurped your spirits.
I see you do not know me.
I see your age and your dangers make you dot.
I see two husbands, or my eyes fool me.
I see you all are bent to fight against me for your merriment.
I see you do not want to join her, or else you do not like my company.
I see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books.
I see, sir, you are eaten up with passion.
I see, sir, you are liberal in offering.
I see that you have found the goldsmith.
I sent for you on a sad occasion.
I sent Dromio to you to be your bailiff, but I do not believe he brought it.
I am as good a man as you are.
I am the king, whose job I was sent to you.
I will serve you, madam.
I set him there, sir, but his own troubles made for much less advancement.
I shaked you, sir, and cried.
I will answer for her.
I will answer that question to the commonwealth better than you can get up the Negro's belly.
I will be at your tent.
I will be forced to call you a king, knight.
I will be a big fan of you.
I will be pinched to death.
I will be reconciled with him again.
My husband will save me.
I will be there before you.
I will break the law to the Queen and get her permission to join.
I will deliver it.
I want you to be more familiar with me, Master Cobweb.
I will do something.
I will do it.
I will not do my friends any wrong, because I do not have any to lament. The world will not hurt me.
I will do well.
I will do it, my lord.
I will ask him to answer like himself.
I will fall.
I will find time, Cassius. I will find time.
I will get jealous of you soon, Launcelot, if you get my wife into corners.
I will have glory by this loss day more than Octavius and Mark Antony will have to achieve by this vile conquest.
I will laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.
I will miss you, but you will have freedom.
I will never see my gold again.
I will not look at his likeness again.
I will not sleep in the quiet at the Tower.
I will obey you in all fair commands.
I will obey you.
I will obey, my lord.
I will offend you either to detention or give it to you.
I will remember.
I will go back to your Lordship.
I will see you, if I die, look pale with love.
I will serve you, sir, if you want.
I will take it, sir.
I will keep this lesson as a watchman to my heart.
I will win at the odds.
I will, King Harry.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will.
I shifted him away and laid good scuses on your ecstasy.
I would be angry with you if it were time.
I should be wise, because honesty is a fool and it is lost.
I would rather see another like that.
I should first tell you how the Prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John.
I would have been a sore one then.
I would have scolded you for not bringing it, but you are first starting to fight like a shrew.
I would have given you the morning, but as a madman’s epistles are no gospels, it does not really make sense
I should have known it.
I would like to hear that voice.
I would not ask Casca what happened.
I would not urge you to do your duty beyond your power.
I would sin to think a little bit about my grandmother.
I would rather go purgatory for it.
I slept well, fed well, and was free and merry.
I am only speaking as I find out.
I am talking about him only brotherly, but if I anatomize him to you as he is, you will blush and weep, and
I am only talking about the figures and comparisons.
I am talking about it.
I am not saying anything wrong.
I am not saying anything in fear about you.
I am not talking like a dotard or a fool, as young as I am to brag about what I have done when I was young
I do not say that you should be a good opinion of my knowledge, as long as I say I know you are.
I do not say anything to disprove what Brutus said, but here I am to say what I know.
I am not talking about proof yet.
I am talking to you as a plain soldier.
I am talking too loud. Where is Malvolio?
I spoke to his man.
I spoke to some of the sailors who escaped the wrack.
I am dishonored by those who have gone about to link my dear friend to a common stale.
I am standing for judgment.
I am standing here for law.
I am ready to go.
I am staying here for a while.
I am staying away from her for too long.
I am staying too long.
I will use the word “broad,” which, added to the goose, proves you are a wide goose.
I am stricken, being moved.
I stumbled when I saw it.
I swear it is better to be abused than to just know a little.
I swear by the fact that I will lose your money to prove him false, which says I do not love you.
I swear I will cuff you if you strike again.
I swear to you, young man, that I am that unfortunate that he is.
I swear by nothing, because this is no oath.
I think it is later, sir.
I am not sure that you, Iago, who has had my purse as if the strings were yours, should know about this.
I think your own business demands you to leave, and you accept the occasion to leave.
I will leave you immediately.
I will leave you alone.
I do not like the way an eunuch is.
I enjoy singing, sir.
I am glad you are here, because I would like to talk about her.
I will give you this offer: pay the debt three times and let the Christian go.
I did not talk to any man at that time, my lord.
I do not punish you, you elements, with unkindness.
I tell him we will stay here for at least a month, and he asks that some occasion may prolong our stay.
I am telling you that.
I tell you, churlish priest, a ministering angel will my sister be when you are a howling.
I tell you, Constable, my mistress wears his own hair.
I tell you, I am as good in my mind as any man in Illyria.
I tell you that you have ruined her gown.
I tell you, Kate, it was burnt and dried away.
Litio, I tell you that this is wonderful!
I tell you, man, that it is better with me now than it was when you met me last time.
I tell you that it is not very well.
I am telling you that.
I tell you what you will do.
I tell you, it is incredible to believe how much she loves me.
I tell you, it will sound harshly in her ears.
I assure you, Captain, if you look at the maps of the Orld, you will find in the comparisons between Macedon and Monmouth
I tell you, the man who can hold her will have the chinks.
Thank God, thank God.
Thank his Grace.
I thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care.
Thank you.
Thank you, my noble lord.
I thank my stars and I am happy.
Thank you for that gird.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for your patience and your honest pains.
Thank you, Ariel.
Thank you, Sir John, with all my heart.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your service, but I wish I had been alone.
Thank you for your pains and courtesy.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you very much for him.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you, uncle.
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, valiant Cassio.
Thank you, and be blessed for your good comfort.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Honor.
Thank you, you have got me one.
Thank you, sir.
I will say again that he wrought on her with some powerful mixtures of blood or some dram, conjured to this effect.
I think it was Soto, which your Honor means.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he is angry.
I think he has transformed into a beast, because I cannot find him like a man.
I think he bought his doublet in Italy, his round hose in France, his bonnet in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he is getting the money.
I think he loves the world only for him.
I think he is thinking about the savage bull.
I think he told me Paris would have married Juliet.
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son for an apple.
I think he will stand strong with us.
I think he would not wish himself anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, madonna.
I think I can find him, if you want to get a good guard and go with me.
I think I did.
I think I had.
I think I hear them. Stand, ho!
I think I told your lordship a year ago how much I am in favor of Margaret, the waitress of Hero.
It is, sir.
I think it is.
I think it is true.
I believe it is freely, and I will beg the virtuous Desdemona to do it for me.
I think it is in Macedon where Alexander is porno.
I think Mark Antony, so beloved by Caesar, shouldn't be able to survive Caesar.
I think it is my weakness in my eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition.
I think it is.
I think it is not twelve.
I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.
I think it is good, my lord.
I think he is not a good soul, and I do not approve of his opinion.
I do not think about them.
I do not think so, my lord.
I think of as many things as he does, but I thank heaven and do not boast about them.
I think our country is sinking under the yoke.
I think our father will leave tonight.
I think oxen and wainropes cannot be together.
I think she will be a better soldier.
I think so.
I think so, Charmian.
I think one of them is here, and I cannot make it away.
I think you are just and do not think you are right.
I think the best wit will soon turn into silence, and discourse will be commended only by parrots.
I do not think the duke will be spoken with.
I think the purpose of that marriage is more important than the love of the parties.
I think the sun where he was born is all about humor.
I think the world is asleep.
I think they are being punished by the late innovation.
I think there is never a man in Christendom who can hide his love or hate more than he can hide his face.
I think this story would win my daughter.
I think you are an ass.
I think you are thinking, and so am I.
I think you do.
I think we are too bold to rest.
I think we know the sweet Roman hand.
I think I would be uplifted to my right, and I would offer thousands of dollars here from gracious England.
I think you are all mated or insane.
I think you are not a savage.
I am going to tell you that many things, if you have full consent, can work against each other. As many arrows have been loosened
I thought everything was the best.
I thought that I would kill myself for grief.
I thought everything was savage here, and so I put myself on the countenance of stern commandment.
I thought the king had more impact on the Duke of Albany than on Cornwall.
I thought you had been resolute.
I thought your heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion.
I am like a drop of water that is looking for another drop in the ocean, who, falling there to find his fellow, is curious,
I told him that your father was at Venice, and that you are looking for him in Padua today.
I told him what I thought, and I did not tell him anything more than what he found true.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking, so full of valor that they smote the air for breathing in their
I took him to sleep with the Athenian woman by his side, that when he wakes up, she must be seen.
I did not take any more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.
I am bothering you too much, but you are willing.
I understand your words are furious, but not the words.
I know, he is a third at Mexico, a fourth for England, and other ventures he has squandered abroad.
I do not understand what you mean by this.
I do not understand, madam.
I do not understand you.
I urge this child to prove innocence.
I urged you to go further, but you scratched your head and stamped your foot too unpatiently.
I want more uncles to welcome me.
I am sure she is a rag.
I am sure it is to knight you, Captain.
I am sure it will.
I am sure I will get something from Venice.
I am sure you are correct.
I assure you that you are a good fellow and do not care about anything.
I will tell you, madam.
I am sure you are, my lord.
I assure you, sir, that the cold, virgin snow on my heart is a slander on my liver.
I assure you, you will find that the ceremonies of war and the cares of it and the forms of it and the modesty of it are otherwise
I am sure you are.
I am sure you are correct.
I was a fool to take it.
I was a gentleman, and then I told you that.
I was about to protest that I loved you.
I was adored once too.
I was always in touch with you, and now I am talking about my anger.
I was born as free as Caesar.
I was born to speak a lot, no matter what.
I was contacted by both of them.
I was forced to send it to him.
I was forbid.
I was hurt under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until this moment.
I was not born to die on Brutus’s sword.
I was as petty to him as the morn-dew on the myrtle leaf to his grand sea.
I was slandish and she gave me guilt on my guiltless shoulders.
I was sure your lord did not give it to me.
I was the man in the moon when time was right.
I was the more deceived.
I was talking the other day on the sea-bank with certain Venetians, and she comes out of the mud, and by this hand
I was told that by someone who knows him better than you.
I was too young to value her, but now I know her.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, when they sat in a wood in Crete with hounds of Sparta.
I was, but I find more pain in banishment than death can give me here by my abode.
I wear it for a memorable honor, because I am Welsh, you know, good countryman.
I would weigh it lightly, if it were heavier.
I will acquit you.
I will answer you with a gait and a ring.
I will ask him for my place again, and he will tell me I am a drunk.
I will disguise your role and tell her that I am Claudio, and I will take her prisoner.
I will bandy with you in a faction.
I will be angry.
I will be bitter with him and pass short.
I will be brief, because my short time of breath is not as long as a tedious tale.
I will be a correspondent to command and do my spiriting gently.
I will be deaf to pleading and excuses.
I will be faithful.
I will be flesh and blood, because there was never a philosopher who could endure the toothache patiently, even if they writ the style of gods
I will be free from you.
I will go, sir, and I will not bother you.
I will be hanged another time.
I will be hanged if some evil villain, some rogue, some slave, a cozening slave, haven’t devised this slander.
I will be heard.
I will be here again, even with a thought.
I will be gentle and mild.
I will be jealous of you more than a Barbary cock-pigeon, more clamorous than a parrot against rain, more new
I will be near to second your attempt, and he will fall between us.
I will be proud, I will read politic authors, I will baffle Sir Toby, I will wash off my groaning acquaintance, and I
I will be satisfied.
I will be strange, stout, in yellow stockings, and cross-gartered, even with the rapidness of putting on.
I will be treble-sinewed, hearted, and fight maliciously.
I will give you a breakfast to make you friends, and we will be all three sworn brothers to France.
I will give you the time to speak freely.
I will bite my thumb at them, which is a shame to them if they bear it.
I will bite you by the ear for that sneezing.
I will bring you there.
I will only spend a word here in the house and go with you.
I will not carry any crotches.
I will challenge him.
I will chop her into messes.
I will come back.
I will fight this.
I will condole in some way to the rest of the world. I am a tyrant.
I will confess it to all the lord.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will tell them when you come.
I will poison you in a savage, or in steel.
I will discuss this more at leisure and teach you to listen to me.
I will either deliver you or lie for you.
I will not deny you anything.
I will leave in quiet, and I will be a merry man, despite my sanity.
I will deserve your help.
I would like you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals.
I will die bravely, like a smug bridegroom.
I will die and leave him all.
I will leave it in either your straw-colored beard, your orange-tawny beard, or your purple-in-grain beard.
I will leave you before I leave you.
I will send it straight.
I will do it, my lord.
I will do it.
I will do any modest job to help my cousin get a good husband.
I will do anything, Nerissa, if I will be married to a sponge.
I will do everything you want me to do.
I will do so.
I will do so.
I will do this if you can.
I will hire you back again, and I find you the most suitable for business.
I will expect you.
I will fall prostrate at his feet and never rise until my tears and prayers have won his grace to come here and take my husband away from
I will get him.
I will fetch your goats, Audrey.
I will get you light, paper, and ink.
I will follow you.
I will follow.
I will stop them from getting back on the ground and say you are not fit.
I will forget my nature.
I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they list it.
I will give him some relief if it is just for that.
I will give out a lot of beauty plans.
I will give you mine.
I will give him treason for his actions in plows, I assure you.
I will give you the minstrel.
I will go with you.
I will go before you, sir.
I will go call the watch.
I will go lose myself and wander up and down to see the city.
I will go on the slightest errand to the Antipodes, which you can devise to send me on.
I will go find him.
I will go find the king.
I will go with you.
I will have it all mine.
I will get my bond.
I will get revenge if I leave his house.
I will not have any of them.
I will only have this.
I will revenge you both so that all the world will. I will do such things. What they are still I do not know.
I will hear Brutus speak.
I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons when we hear them.
I will hear more about this.
I will hear that play.
I will help you.
I will leave here tonight.
I will be here with you now, and if I bring you something to eat, I will give you permission to die.
I will stay here until the storm passes.
I will hide in the arbor.
I will be friends with you, lady.
I will drown myself incontinently.
I will not endure it anymore, and I am not convinced to put up with what I have already suffered foolishly.
I will kill you a hundred and fifty times.
I will kiss your lips.
I will kiss your hand, and so I will leave you.
I will laugh like a hyena when you are awake.
I will trust you, and you will find a father in my love.
I will leave him.
I will leave you to your gossip-like humor.
I will live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes.
I will look into it further.
I will look at him and relieve him.
I will make the doors fast and gild myself with some more ducats, and I will be with you straight away.
I will tell Desdemona what I am doing.
I will make peace with him if I can.
I will meditate on some horrid message for a challenge.
I will not be faced or braved.
I will not spend any of your money.
I will not.
I will not be long away from you.
I will swear that love can transform me into an oyster.
I will not budge for anyone’s pleasure.
I will not change my horse with any horse that treads only on four pasterns.
I will not choose what many men want because I will not jump with common spirits and rank myself with the barbarous multitudes.
I will not come.
I will not want that.
I will not disclose them.
I will not do you so much wrong to wake you up.
I will not do them wrong.
I will never fail you.
I will not fail.
I will not give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands to be paid from the Sophy.
I will not go today, and if I do, it will be what time I say.
I will not have to deal with you.
I will not hear you speak.
I will not wait long.
I will not hurt him.
I will not leave him until Cassio gets called to him. How are you, my lord?
I will not be troubled long enough to be with you.
I will not rise until your Highness hears me.
I will not say that, because I am afraid I will be faced out of my way.
I won’t say you will see a mask, but if you do, it wasn’t for nothing that my nose fell a
I will not shame myself to give you this.
I will not sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I will not sleep until I have received your letter.
I will not speak to her.
I will not stay behind.
I will not stay here to offend you.
I will not stay tonight for all the town.
I will not sup tonight.
I will not swear that these are my hands.
I will not take her on any man’s gift.
I will not think so.
I will not until I am ready.
I will not bother you, my child.
I will not bother you to ask about your fortunes. Come on, listen to some music, and, good cousin, sing.
I will not.
I will look at your paper.
I will take you, Cleopatra, and weep for your pardon.
I will not give you any opportunity to express your love, my love.
I will go on with my speech in your praise, and then I will tell you the heart of my message.
I will only be bold with Benedick for his company. He is a savage from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot.
I will give you a reply for that.
I will physicize your rank and give no thousand crowns.
I will give you the comfort I need with all the additions I can.
I will plague them all, even roaring.
I will put you two together, and let the fool make a third, where he will find the letter.
I will play the swan.
I will take you from that ship and treasure.
I will praise any man who will praise me, even though it cannot be denied what I have done on land.
I will preach to you.
I will go learn their day of marriage.
I will proclaim my name on the field.
I will prove it to you, sir, on your oaths of judgment and reason.
I will read it. How much unlike Portia!
I will requite your love.
I will resolve you here in the meantime.
I will go back into the house and ask the lady to do some work.
I will reward you once for your sprightly comfort and tenfold for your good valor.
I will run, fiend.
I will run.
I will say for you.
I will not say anything.
I will say that.
I will see them.
I will seek him, sir, and tell you what I will do.
I will find a way to leave him.
I will send for him, and ask him yourself.
I will tell you what she is saying, to make sure I remember her more deeply.
I will be a tyrant.
I will show you such a necessity in his death that you will think you are going to put it on him.
I will.
I will speak daggers to her, but I will use none.
I will speak lower.
I will speak to this fellow. Would this grave be this grave?
I will stand, and so will Trinculo.
I will stop your mouth.
I will look at the inscriptions again.
I will talk to you more.
I will tell you everything as it fell out.
I will tell you why.
I will tell you.
I will take the banner from a trumpet and use it to grab it.
I will give it to you then.
I will throw this night, in several hands, at his windows, as if they were from several citizens, writing all the great opinions Rome holds
I will go to Egypt.
I will go to Venice.
I will go to the weird sisters tomorrow, and it is time to do that.
I will go to Venice to buy clothes for the wedding day.
I will verify as much in his beard.
I will walk by.
I will walk up and down here and sing so they can hear I am not afraid.
I will watch tonight.
I will weary you, not with idle talking.
I will cry for nothing, like Diana in the fountain, and I will do that when you are ready to be a good man.
I will cry for you, because this revolt of yours is like another fall of man.
I will cry.
I will go back to get some swift death for the wicked devil.
I will, and I will know her mind early tomorrow.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will, my lord, with all the convenient rush.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
Yes, sir.
I will.
I will.
I swear, your grandma had a worse match.
I wish him joy to her.
I wish it could, because now I am your fool.
I wish my eyes could shut up my thoughts.
I wish you all joy in the worm.
I wish you well, and so I will leave.
I wish you well.
I wish, please.
I have always made sports with the morning’s love, and like a forester, the groves can tread even till the eastern gate
I am wondering.
I wonder at this moment if I have to marry him, who should be husband, and come to woo me.
I wonder if the lion will speak.
I wonder that none of you have thought of him.
I wonder how they are together.
I am wondering if you will be talking.
I wonder what it will do.
I am glad he is here.
I wish I could be friends with you and have your love, but don’t forget the shames you’ve stained me with
I would rather have thrown away my speech, because besides that it is excellently written, I have taken great pains to make it happen.
I would be foolish to have you overflowed with a honey bag, signor.
I would be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as often as I am with my mistress.
I would like to breed from here, and I will, so I can speak.
I would cure you if you only called me Rosalind and come to my cote every day and woo me.
I would do much to help them, because I love Cassio.
I want to eat his heart in the marketplace.
I would rather put on your boldest suit of sex, because we have friends who want to be a merriment.
I would like to go, man.
I would rather learn to lie.
I would like to prove that.
I would forget it, but it presses to my memory like damned guilty deeds to sinners.
I wish I could give all my fame for a pot of beer and safety.
I wish I could bet you.
I wish I had blown up the town, so Chrish saved me in an hour.
I wish I had done all other things and made her half myself.
I wish you had a place there and here again, so I can tell you what you should do.
I want her to learn how much I love her, my fair cousin, and that is good English.
I wish he had nine years of killing.
I would have made it short, since I was able to tell the whole story and to stop the argument.
I want my bond.
I would rather have a fool follow it, since he gives it to me.
I wish I could have a fellow like that whipped for o'erdoing Termagant.
I wish I had sworn it had, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I wish she had been invincible against all assaults of affection.
I want you.
I wish he had sailed me.
I wish he knew I saved his brother.
I wish I could see this sneezing.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I had your inches.
I wish I had your contract, because I think a weak contract holds you.
I wish I knew your heart.
I wish I were as sure of a good dinner.
I wish I were at home.
I wish I were invisible, to catch the strong fellow by the leg.
I wish I were so foolish, sir, that I would not feel your blows.
I wish I were your bird.
I wish I were, to be revenged on you.
I wish it were hangers until then.
I wish it could prove the end of his losses.
I would kiss before I spoke.
I would like to know that.
I would lose everything and sacrifice them all here to this devil to deliver you.
I wish my daughter were dead at my feet and the jewels in her ear.
I wish my father could see only with my eyes.
I wish my horse had the speed of your tongue and a good savage.
I would not be cured, young man.
I would not be mad.
I would not be the villain you think you are. I would be the villain for the entire space that is in the tyrant’s grasp
I would not change it.
I would not change this color except to steal your thoughts, my gentle queen.
I would not deny you anything, but I will give you a great warning, and partly to save your life.
I would not follow him.
I would not punish him for the wealth of the whole town here in my house.
I would not want to see them in the world.
I would not have given it to a monkey sanctuary.
I would not want him to be a miscarry for half of my dowry.
I would not have a heart like this in my heart for the dignity of the whole body.
I would not hear your enemy say that, and you will not hear that violence, to make it trust you are a victim of your own report
I would not kill your unprepared spirit.
I would not marry her even if she were given all the money Adam had left him before he transgressed.
I would not see it.
I would not want to make water as much as I want to.
I would not spare my brother in this case if he would scorn me a little.
I would rather get one of your father’s gifts.
I would be tempted to trust myself even if I had sworn that Hero would be my wife.
I wish she had not given me this slander.
I wish she were in heaven so she could take some power to change this currish Jew.
I wish I could sing my song without a burden.
I would like to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
I wish the fool were married to her grave.
I wish the lightning had burned up those logs you have been invited to pile up.
I wish my sister had no name.
I wish these tears were from the ground.
I wish they were, so I could die instantly, because now they kill me with a living death.
I wish they would fight in the fire or in the air, we would fight there too.
I wish you could stammer, so you could pour this concealed man out of your mouth as wine comes out of a narrow mouth.
I wish you could.
I wish you had been a son to some man else.
I wish you had my bones and I had your news.
I wish you had told me about another father.
I wish you were so happy by your stay to hear true shrift.
I wish all the fights were resolved.
I would try to get him to cry “hem” and have him.
I wish we were all rid of this snafus.
I wish you were as I wish you were.
I wish your duties were as foolish as you were.
I wish you had to tell me.
I wrote to you when I rioted in Alexandria.
I will send you your order immediately, and he will go to England with you.
I am your servant.
I will do whatever I can, which I cannot do.
I swear by your mother, who always prays for Richmond’s good.
I knew the tailor who made the wings she flew with.
I am gentle mistress.
I am madam.
I will cry again, not remembering how I cried out.
I am Dromio.
I, sir?
I have been deprived of all the worldly ends, and I have been dedicated to the pursuit of closeness and the betterment of my mind.
I do.
I am sure he is right, coz.
I am sure he will have a lusty widow who will be wooed and wedded in a day.
I am sorry you are not well.
I am sure he has done well.
I am faith, I am faith, and both are in tune like two gypsies on a horse.
I am sure, or I either.
I am sure you will never have to worry about it.
Is it in the air or the earth?
I am the one who has the clout, the other.
I am in the mire.
I wish you could live, because it is happiness to die.
I will see them.
I will go out and drive away the vulgar from the streets.
I will follow him and see what happened.
I will answer that question.
I will arrest him.
I will ask them.
I will tell you, he uttered as prave words at the pridge as you will see on a summer’s day.
I will attend her here and woo her with some spirit when she comes.
I will go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him that.
I will be at the expense of a glass and perform a few tailors to study fashions to adorn my body.
I will be at your elbow.
I will be there.
I will go.
If you are Launcelot, you are my own flesh and blood.
I will be your second.
I will be with you soon.
I will be with you straight away.
I will be your foil, Laertes.
I will be your purse-bearer and leave you for an hour.
I will blame you and take your job from you, on my own risk.
I will beat the knave into a twiggen bottle.
I will take him here now.
I will bring my wood home faster.
I will tell you exactly how it is going to be.
I will bring you there, my lord, if you are vouching for me.
I will bring you to him right away.
I will bring you to him.
I will buckle you against a million dollars.
I will bury you in a triumphant grave.
I will call Sir Toby the next time.
I will call you "Hamlet,” "King,” "Father,” and “royal Dane.”
I will call you before you go to bed and tell you what I know.
I will call you straight away.
I will carry it to the pile.
I will catch it before it comes to ground.
I will say that promise to you, your Grace.
I will come to him.
I will come to you right away.
I will be no finer than I am.
I will court his favors.
I will cross it even if it hits me. Stay, I am going to be fooled.
I will not take it any further.
I will die for it only if some woman had the ring.
I will do it, but it does not like me.
I will do it, my lord.
I will do it.
I will do my best to get your lady. If I am going to get her, I would be his wife.
I will do the job of a younger man in all your business and necessities.
I will drain him as much as hay.
I will drink for you.
I will drink to her as long as there is a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria.
I will end my exhortation after dinner.
I will beg you.
I will get my sister to get her goodwill.
I will get some flax and whites of eggs to apply to his bleeding face.
I will get the general’s surgeon and save your labor. He who has been killed here, Cassio, was my dear friend.
I will get them, sir.
I will fight at sea.
I will fight until my flesh is hacked from my bones.
I will find your man, and he will tell you from time to time that you are lucky.
I will find Romeo to comfort you.
I will fish for you and get you enough wood.
I will not follow him again with scolding prayers.
I will follow it.
I will follow you and make a heaven of hell, to die on the hand I love so much.
I will follow this good man and go with you.
I will follow you.
I will fume with them!” And with that word she struck me on the head, and my slurped way through the instrument.
I will get to a place that speaks to great Caesar as he comes along.
I will give it to him.
I will give you a verse to this note I made yesterday, despite my invention.
I will go alone.
I will go along, no one can see that, but I will rejoice in my own splendor.
I will go and chat with Paris.
I will go another way to work with him.
I will go arm myself.
I will go farther away.
I will go find a shadow and sigh until he comes.
I will go with you.
I will become a talker for this gear.
I will stop after that.
I will have an action against him if there is any law in Illyria.
I will have more reason to do that than this.
I will have her, but I will not keep her long.
I will have my contract, and I will leave.
I will get my contract.
I will not have any bigger.
I will not have any halves.
I will not speak.
I will have no better name than Jove's own page, and you will look at me as Ganymede.
I will have proof.
I will get the work done and give it to Iago.
I will have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I will have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders before I see the crown so badly misplaced.
I will have this knot knit up tomorrow morning.
I will help you get a horse.
I will help you, Sir Toby, because we will be dressed together.
I would like to think of her as an Ethiope.
I will tell you what we have done in his name, that magical word of war, and how we have jaded out of the field.
I will come in to counsel them.
I will join with black despair against my soul and become an enemy.
I will keep my oath for a long time to bear my wrath.
I will know his humor when he knows his time.
I will know your thoughts.
I will lay fourteen of my teeth, and yet, to my teen, I have only four. She is not fourteen.
I will leave you like a man of steel.
I will leave you, lady.
I will leave you.
I will look at it if I am looking for something to like.
I will make a sop on the moonshine of you.
I will share my present with you.
I will make her come, I assure you.
I will find him.
I will make one too.
I will make it bold to call, because it is my limited service.
I will make the motion.
I will give you an example.
I will make you amends next, to give you nothing for something.
I will make you quiet.
I will watch the play.
I will meet you at that place sometime in the morning.
I will try to get it back and then play. Where is the Queen?
I will never care what wickedness I do, if this man comes to good.
I will never see it.
I will not see any more of you.
I will not.
I will not do anything about it.
I will not do anything about it.
I will not answer that question, but I will say it is my humour.
I will be away from you.
I will not be sworn in.
I will not be a dull-eyed fool to shake the head, sigh and give away to Christian intercessors.
I will not be struck, my lord.
I do not believe it.
I will not budge an inch.
I will not deny him anything I have, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I will not endure it.
I will not endure it.
I will not expostulate with her, so my body and beauty will never be able to express my thoughts again.
I will never fail, if I live.
I will not fight with you.
I will not have it.
I will not talk to him.
I will not betray it.
I will not go to bed tonight.
I will not trust your words.
I will pay you for it.
I will pheeze you, in faith.
I will kill him.
I will play the housewife for this once.
I will pluck you berries.
I will prove my honor and my honesty against you if you dare to stand.
I will pull you by the lesser legs.
I will put it in proof.
I will put a girdle around the Earth in forty minutes.
I will put it on.
I will wear poor and mean attire and smirch my face with a smirch.
I would rather dwell on my need.
I would rather kill myself.
I will read the story.
I will rest.
I will rhyme you well for eight years, except dinners and suppers and sleeping hours.
I will ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
I will ride your horse as well as I ride you.
I will run away from you and hide in the brakes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
I will give you a bond, and I will say that the Jew is kind.
I will see it done.
I will not see anything else.
I will see you hanged on Sunday first.
I will sell all my land.
I will send my prayers to him.
I will send a man to Mantua, where the banished runagate is alive, and he will have a dram that he’ll keep
I will serve this duke.
I will serve you five hundred.
I will tell you how far to be beloved.
I will put her on.
I will show you the best springs.
I will signify that to him right away.
I will slit the villain’s nose that would have sent me to jail.
I will speak a prophecy before I go.
I will stay for a month.
I will not be able to answer any more questions.
I will strike and cry, “Take everything.” Well said.
I will leave.
I will talk to this man.
I will go away with you.
I will teach you how to flow.
I will tear her up to pieces.
I will tell my husband what you are saying, Launcelot.
I will tell you the news.
I will tell you before you ask me again.
I will tell you how Beatrice praised you the other day.
I will tell you more about this another time.
I will tell you what, Prince: a college of witcrackers can't fool me out of my humor.
I will tell you, Aliena, I cannot be out of sight of Orlando.
It is the stubbornest young fellow of France, full of ambition, an envious emulator of every man’s good parts, and a
I will tell you, friend, I am almost mad myself.
I will tell you in your ear.
I will tell you who time ambles withal, who time trots withal, and who time gallops withal.
I will tell you, there are good men in Monmouth.
I will not give or risk anything for lead.
I will go to dinner.
I will go to England.
I will go to him.
I will go to my book, because I will do a lot of business at the end of the evening.
I will go to my job.
I will go to sleep.
I will go to the friar to find out his remedy.
I will go to the martin, and then go there for Dromio to stay.
I will go to the throng.
I will torture him.
I will unhair your head.
I will venture so much of my hawk or hound, but twenty times as much on my wife.
I will wait on your Lordship.
I will bet he drowned even if the ship were as slick and leaky as a wench.
I will tell her she will pay him home.
I will wear nothing but this.
I will write to my sister immediately to keep my course.
I will write you a challenge.
I will write him a very taunting letter, and you will bear it.
I will give him to sleep, where you can knock a nail into his head.
I am out of patience.
Iago is coming.
Iago is honest.
Iago keeps his word.
Iago, who started it?
Iago?
Iago.
Idle old man who still wants to manage the powers he has given away.
If it weren’t the other, it is just that, I am sure.
If she was not, I can't tell who told me.
If a bloody coxcomb is a hurt, you have hurt me.
If a Christian does not play the knave and get you, I am very wrong.
If a Jew is wrong with a Christian, what is his humility?
If a man does not erect his own tomb in this age before he dies, he will not live in a monument.
If a man’s brains were in the shin, weren’t they in danger of kibes?
If everything else fails, I will have the power to die.
If all the devils of hell are drawn in little, and Legion himself has possessed him, I will speak to him.
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him, I will help his ague.
If there is any bark left, come to the mart, where I will walk until you return to me.
If any of them are Trinculo’s legs, these are.
If any man doubts that, let him put me to my purgation.
If any ship is out, then you will get out of here immediately.
If there is anything like that, please pardon him.
If there are any, speak, for he has offended me.
If there are any, speak, for he has offended me.
If I borrow other accents as well, that can make my speech diffuse. However, my good intentions can carry through to the full issue for which
If you have put the wild waters in this roar, my dearest father, you will allay them.
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have done nothing less.
If Caesar wants, our master will leap to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, you would be well deserved for your rashness.
If I am not happy with my dream, my boat will sail freely, both with wind and stream.
If we die, be brief so that our swift-winged souls can catch the king’s life and follow him to his new kingdom
If you were yourself and your pains were yours, you and your pain were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fleet as Echo, I would be a good value for a dozen such.
If either of you knows any obstacle in the way you should not be accompanied, then you will have to ask your souls to tell me.
If he ever goes alone again, I will never fight for more prize.
If he ever has a wife, let her be made miserable by the death of him more than I am made by my poor lord and you.
If I ever live to see it, I will challenge it.
If I ever return to you again, I will bring you comfort.
If you come to me and say, after tomorrow, "This is my glove,” I will take you a box on the ear.
If you ever want to grow, bury my body.
If every of your wishes had a womb, and fertile every wish, a million.
If everyone knows us, and we do not know, it is time to trudge, pack, and go.
If we do not have fortune today, it is because we brave her.
If I return from the field again to kiss these lips, I will appear in blood.
If God is avenged for this deed, then you know that he does it publicly.
If it is good, you are shameful of the sweet news by playing it to me with such a sour face.
If Hamlet hits the first or second hit or quit in response to the third exchange, let all the battles fire their weapons.
If you, my father, suspect that this is the way you call back, do not blame me.
If he asks for me, I will be sick and go to bed.
If he is awake, he will fill our skins with a pinch.
If he is absent, bring his brother to me.
If he is leaden, icy, cold, unwilling, be so too, and break off the talk, and tell us about his inclination.
If he does not love a woman, there is no way to believe old signs.
If he has been perjured, see now, his reputation is as arrant as a villain and a Jack Sauce as ever.
If he is sad, he wants money.
If he is not happy, I can help him.
If he is taken, he will never be afraid of doing harm again.
If he is, he knows how to turn his girdle.
If he breaks the peace, he will have to fight with fear and trembling.
If he does not want to, let the witch mend him.
If he does not come, then the play is ruined.
If he is coming tomorrow, I will pay him.
If he could fight himself, some of us would lie low.
If he distastes it, let him go to our sister who I know is one, and not to be overruled.
If he bleeds, I will gild the faces of the grooms with a smile, because it must seem their guilt.
If he is bleak, I know what to do.
If he fears God, he must always keep peace.
If he resists, please forgive him for his sins.
If he does, he will be sure he can't weep back again.
If he fails to do that, he will have other means to cut you off.
If he filled his job with his lust, full surfeits and the dryness of his bones, it will make him want it.
If he caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pounds before he can be cured.
If he has never drunk wine before, it will go away to remove his fit.
If he has the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, I would rather he shrive me than wive me.
If he loves Caesar, all he can do is think and die for Caesar.
If he could be delivered quickly, I would be, because I am so indebted to my niece that I cannot pursue this sport with any safety.
If he wants to give me conquered Egypt for my son, he gives me so much of my own.
If he says that, he will be a bit ill-tempered.
If he were dead, what would be the odds on me?
If he were dead, you would cry for him.
If he does not stand when he is offered, he will not be one of the Prince’s subjects.
If he takes it, then.
If he is a musical genius, we will have a few sexy things to do.
If her breath were as terrible as her snoring, there would be no living near her; she would infect the north star.
If he is wrong, we are ignoring the king’s crime.
If he is a good man, I will be ready, either now or when I am ready.
If I am a savage, beware of my sting.
If I can cross him in any way, I will bless myself every way.
If I only hold one cup on him, with the one he is drunk tonight, he will be as offensive as my young mistress’s
If I can recover him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him, he is a present for any emperor who ever threw his leather on
If I can recover him and keep him tame, I will not take too much for him.
If I could add a lie to a fault, I would deny it.
If I could give the fifth welcome with so good a heart as I can give the other four farewell, I would be glad of his approach.
If I could make that look like something in me.
If I could pray to move, then prayers would move me.
If I could win a woman at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back, under the slack of bragging,
If I cut my finger, I will make bold with you. Your name, honest gentleman?
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I will give it to your daughter.
If I die before you, please, shroude me in one of these sheets.
If I find him right, I will move your suit and try to make it to my fullest.
If I live, I will be good to you.
If I do not love her, I am a Jew.
If I do not have a sober habit, talk with respect and swear, but now and then, wear prayer books in my pocket.
If I do not usurp myself, I am.
If I prove her haggardness, even though her jesses were my dear heartstrings, I would whistle her off and let her go
If I do so, it will be more expensive to be slammed behind your back than to your face.
If I do not dream, you are Emilia.
If I find a hole in his coat, I will tell him my thoughts.
If I gave them all my life, I would keep my coxcombs myself.
If I had a thunderbolt in my eye, I can tell you who should down.
If I had you in Lipsbury’s pinfold, I would make you care about me.
If I had, my weapon would have been out quickly, I assure you.
If I have killed the issue of your womb, I will beg your daughter to get my issue of your blood.
If I know this, I know the whole world, and I can shake off the part of tyranny I am carrying.
If I am in this service, you will have to wear me in leather.
If I let him go, I will have to pay him the debt.
If I live to see it, I will never trust his word again.
If I lose a fight over this sport, let me be boiled to death with melancholy.
If I can trust the truth of sleep, my dreams are a good sign of joy.
If I myself, there is no hour as good as Caesar’s death hour, or half as good as your swords, made rich with
If I owe you anything, I will pay you in a cudgel.
If I stop you, you flaming minister, I can restore your old light again if I repent.
If I say sooth, I must tell you they were like cannons overcharged with double cracks, so they doubled strokes on the enemy.
If I see anything tonight why I should not marry her, tomorrow I will shame her in the congregation where I should marry her.
If I were, what would I be?
If I said that, I saw such islanders—for, certes, these are people of the island—who, even though they are
If I said something, she would mock me in the air.
If I would take a displeasure against you, look, you are only a lost monster.
If I am speaking like myself, let him be whipped, who first finds it.
If I am true, then
If I stand here, I saw him.
If I think so, I think the same of you.
If I were to be a divine servant of this unity, I would not say that.
If I were Brutus now and Brutus were Cassius, he would not be a good man.
If I am going to Naples now, would they believe me?
If you cannot give any help, then you can't help but call me wise, and I will help you with this knife.
If it is my noble father’s person, I will speak to it, even though Hell itself should gape and ask me to keep
If it is a suit from the count, I am sick or not at home.
If it is found, some will be happy with it.
If it is true love, tell me how much.
If it is a man’s work, I will do it.
If it is mine, do not keep it from me.
If it does not have some purpose to be imported, give it to me again.
If it does not come, it will come now.
If it is as bad as it is put on me, I must tell you, you do not understand yourself so clearly.
If it were true, as it is, poor lady, she would be better to love a dream.
If it is true, it is a chance to redeem all the sorrows I have ever felt.
If it is that, or any one that was hers, it is not against her.
If it is like dreaming, let me sleep.
If it is true that good wine does not need a bush, it is true that a good play does not need a epilogue.
If you are the ones who stir these daughters' hearts against their father, do not fool me.
If it is true, please do not eat it.
If it had been painful, I would not have come.
If it would be nice to avoid the grief between you and forget them, then remember that the present needs to be resolved.
If it passes against us, we lose half of our possession, because all the lands that men have given to the Church would be stripped of us
If it pleases His Majesty, it is the time of day for me to breathe.
If it is the eye of one, it is with me as true as the sonnet is, “Please one, and please all.
If you like.
If it is a good prize, he is always made for you.
If you want me to be a good answer, I will do your mother’s commandment.
If it were done when it was done, then it would be done quickly.
If it were to die now, then I would be most happy, because I am afraid my soul has a content that does not make me feel
If it were true, it was a grievous fault, and Caesar has answered it.
If it does not, I will leave you.
If it does not, what remedy?
If it will please Caesar to be so good to me as to hear me, I will ask him to befriend himself.
If justice does not help you, she will not be able to weigh more reasons in her balance.
If knife, drugs, serpents, have Edge, sting, or operation, I am safe.
If love is blind, love can't hit the mark.
If love is rough with you, be rough with love.
If love has touched you, nothing remains as good as that.
If you see more, let me know.
If you are more serious, the more you have wronged me.
If you notice him, you will offend him and extend his passion.
If my heart is dear to you, do not swear.
If my lady has not called up her steward Malvolio and told him to turn you out of the door, do not trust me.
If you do not answer, you might think that a thorny ambition, not a reply, yielded to bear the golden yoke of sovereignty.
If not, it is true that this parting was well done.
If not, please.
If not, if you would like to leave her, she is very willing to offer you farewell.
If not, I will try to get you back.
If not, they will meet with the lord.
If not, he is foaming at his mouth and he is breaking out of a savage madness.
If not, he is plain.
If not, I will die your mother.
If not, stop me, and I will spare you.
If not, the Fates are threatening to fight with traitors.
If not, to say to you that I will die is true, but for your love, by the Lord, no.
If not, when you have stomachs.
If not, then this parting was well done.
If not, my return will be the end of my business.
If one knight gives a gift, would you like to sing a love song or a song of good life?
If one is a prey, how much better to fall before the lion than the wolf?
If only to go warm were beautiful, then nature does not need what you are wearing, which isn't enough to keep you warm.
If our eyes had authority, they could take two thieves kissing here.
If our father has authority with the same dispositions he bears, this last surrender of his will only offend us.
If our father would sleep until I wake him up, you would enjoy half his income forever, and live the beloved life of your brother Edgar.
If we had a sport going forward, we would have all been men.
If sanctimony and a frail vow aren’t too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell, you will enjoy her.
If she and I are happy, what is that to you?
If she is a traitor, then so is I.
If she is black, she will find a white that will fit her blackness.
If she is false, heaven mocked itself.
If she is in your house or in her room, let me get the justice of the state for deluding you.
If she confessed she was half the wooer, I will be ruined by the evil light on the man.
If she sends letters to Richmond, you will answer it.
If she refuses to marry, I will ask for the day when I will ask the banns and when I will be married.
If she wants me to pack, I will thank her as if she wanted me to stay by her for a week.
If she does, he will smile and take it for a great favor.
If she does not find him, send him to England or confine him to where you will think best.
If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the Moor.
If she is alive long, and then she will be dead, then women will turn into monsters.
If she is alive until midnight, she will burn a week longer than the whole world.
If she is tender about her love, it is very possible he will punish it.
If she supports him and his hundred knights when I show you are not fit.
If she returns my jewels, I will give up my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation.
If she is going to stir up here, I will tell her.
If sight and shape are true, then my love will die.
If Signor Leonato is her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina.
If Sir Toby would leave drinking, you would be as witty as any piece of Eve’s flesh in Illyria.
If that is true, please, sister.
If that is true, my eyes are often more washed than hers.
If that is true, then do not be a bit tongue-tied.
If such person is right to govern, speak.
If a quick thought does not break it, a faster mean will not break it.
If the other two are brained like us, the state will get worse.
If that is all, my masters, I will not hear anything wrong.
If that is enough to care for nothing, I would make you invisible.
If her breath will mist or stain the stone, then she will live.
If that is true, then everything is fine.
If the demon who deceived you so badly would walk the whole world, he could return to the vast Tartar and tell the legions, “
If the Turkish fleet is not protected and embayed, they are drowned.
If this simple syllogism will serve you, then.
If you are a devil, I can't kill you.
If that does not suffice, I will be forced to pay ten times more for my hands, my head, and my heart.
If you were Sir Rowland’s son, as you have whispered faithfully, and as my eyes see his effigies live in your
If we had no reason to be able to make a different sense of our lives, we would have to make our own conclusions.
If the cat is kind, then Rosalind will.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating coxcomb, is it possible, you think, that we should also,
If the English had any misunderstanding, they would run away.
If the heavens were happy, we would have ended so soon.
If the poor spirit has such a good house, good things will be able to live with it.
If the matter of this paper is true, you have a lot of business to do.
If the matter were good, my lord, I would swear it were his.
If the Prince is too important, tell him everything is measured, and then dance out the answer.
If they were merely a word, they would be as innocent as the grace itself.
If that friend asks why Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my answer: not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more
If they were able to slack you, we could control them.
If true lovers have ever crossed the line, then it is a decree of destiny.
If there is anything that can help you, speak to me.
If there is any obstacle, please find out.
If there is any in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar’s, I say to him that Brutus’s love for
If there is more sorrowful, keep it in.
If there is truth in sight, you are my daughter.
If there is truth in sight, you are my Rosalind.
If they come out of truth, as on you, Macbeth, their speeches shine. Why not, by the truth, they have made
If there were no more women than Fulvia, then you would have a cut, and the case would be ruined.
If they refuse to come, then go to my husbands.
If they see you, they will murder you.
If they do this as if God pleases, then my ransom will be refunded soon.
If they have done this deed, my noble lord— If?
If they do not make you the better answer, you can say they are not the men you took them for.
If they say nothing about her, they will tear her up.
If they suffer our departure, then death is the word.
If they are fighting with us, ask them to leave the field.
If they do not do anything, we will come to them and make them skirr away as swift as the stones that were thrown from the
If this is known, Cassius or Caesar will never turn back, because I will kill myself.
If this is not what you are looking for, I will tell you nothing more, but please, Bianca, goodbye forever and a day.
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If this fall into your hand, turn your hand.
If this letter does not move him, his legs cannot.
If this is a vision of the Island, I will lose one dear son twice.
If this unnatural forest gives you anything savage, I will either be food for it or bring it to you.
If this were played on a stage now, I would condemn it as an improbable fiction.
If this were true, then I would know this secret.
If this young gentleman has offended me, I will blame you.
If you are blaming it for shame, then you will be blaming it on me, and then you will be frolicing!
If you and nature can make such a difference, death is like a lover’s pinch, which hurts and is desired.
If you are she, tell me where is that son who floated with you on the fatal raft?
If you ask me why, my reasons are both good and heavy.
If you are as poor as a king, you are poor enough.
If you are not immortal, look at you.
If you are Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If you are Trinculo, come out.
If you can love a fellow of this temper, Kate, whose face is not worth sunburning, who never looks in his glass for love,
If you can love me for this, take me.
If you think about the matter correctly, Caesar has had great wrong.
If you dare to tempt me further, draw your sword.
If you like to see your evil deeds, look at this pattern of your butcheries.
If you ever held me in your heart without you from a moment of praise, you are in pain to tell my story.
If you ever loved your dear father, Oh God!
If you did it, you would be the nonpareil.
If you find him irritable to us, encourage him and show him all our reasons.
If you do not, I will never love you again.
If you love a fair Hero, cherish it, and I will break with her and her father, and you will have her.
If you love me, show me your thoughts.
If you play with him at any game, you will lose, and he will beat you by beating you.
If you doubt it, you can go from my shoulder to my heel without running more than my head and my neck.
If you entertain my love, let it appear in your smiling face.
If you follow him, you will have to wear my coxcomb. How are you, uncle?
If you had feared to break an oath by Him, your imperial metal circling your head had graced my child’s tender temples, and
If you have any sound or voice, speak to me.
If she does not have her in the end, call me “Cut.” If I don’t, never trust me.
If you have nature in you, do not bear it.
If you have killed Lysander in his sleep, you are a man who is soaked in blood, and you are going to plunge in the deep
If you kill me, boy, you will kill a man.
If you are more murmuring, I will turn an oak and peg you in his knotty entrails.
If you do not like me, I will give you my life.
If you read this, Caesar, you can live.
If you are not the one who ever scolded you, you have not loved.
If you remember what happened before you came here, you may remember how you came here.
If you say that, villain, you will kill your mistress.
If you say that, then you can go back and prove it.
If you are false, you will hang alive on the next tree until the famine clings to you.
If you take more than a pound, be it light or heavy in the substance or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple
If you are not going to Desdemona the next night, take me out of this world with treachery and devise my life plans.
If you were my fool, my uncle, I would have you beaten for being old before you.
If you want to lend this money, do not lend it to your friends. When did friendship take a breed for a barren metal from his friend
If you are going to need to do it yourself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.
If you are weeping my fortunes, take my eyes.
If you want to have such a man, take me.
If you vanishes like that, you tell the world that it is not worth leaving.
If your greatness will revenge it on him, for I know you dare, but this thing does not dare.
If you can’t forgive your revenge, then I give you this sharp-pointed sword, which if you want to hide in this
If your speech is soothful, I do not care if you do it for me as much.
If you leave until the end of your month, you will return and stay with my sister, leaving half your train. Then I will come to
If you have done the things you gave you in charge, you will be happy.
If I am trembling, protest me to the baby of a girl.
If we are like you in the rest of the world, we will look like you in that.
If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country’s loss.
If we are not relieved within an hour, we will have to return to the guard’s court.
If we lose this battle, then this is the last time we will speak together.
If we meet again, we will smile.
If we meet again, then we will smile.
If we all grow to be pork-eaters, we will have a rasher on the coals in the coming days for money.
If we know him as a thief, shouldn’t we give him hands?
If we are wrong, it is with our good will.
If we do not walk in the mud, our petticoats will catch them.
If we cannot defend our own doors against the dog, then our nation loses the name of hardness and policy.
If he is not what he might be, I wish he were in heaven.
If I do not have intelligence or know my own desires, if I do not dream or be frantic, I do not trust I am.
If it is possible, Sweet Blunt, make some good means to speak with him and give him this very important note.
If wolves had walked at your gate that night, you should have said, “Good porter, turn the key,” and all
If you are so fond of her iniquity, give her permission to offend you.
If you are gentlemen, do me this right: listen to me with patience.
If you are not insane, go away.
If you are happy, go back to my cell and go back there.
If you are happy with this and hold your fortune for your bliss, turn you to where your lady is and claim her with a loving kiss.
If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter I love passing well.
If you can separate yourself from your misdemeanors, you are welcome to the house.
If you can, what do you think?
If you can’t, give thanks to me for your long life and make yourself ready in your cabin for the hour.
If you choose the place where I am, then we will be solemnized.
If you choose that, then I will be yours withal.
If you are not able to do anything like that, you will do well.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse, let the danger light your charter and your city’s freedom.
If you deny me, please obey your law. Venice has no force in its decrees.
If you deny them, all the land will ruin it.
If you want to laugh and get a laugh, follow me.
If you wore a beard on your chin, I would shake it on this fight.
If you married my sister for her wealth, then for her sake, use her with more kindness.
If you fight against your country's enemies, your country’s fat will pay you the hire.
If you fight to protect your wives, your wives will welcome home the conquerors.
If you free your children from the sword, your children’s children will leave it in your age.
If you love me, you will find me.
If you love Rosalind as much as you cry out, when your brother marries Aliena, you will marry her.
If you meet Horatio and Marcellus, the rivals of my watch, ask them to hurry.
If you do not, if I am left alone, I will have that doctor for my bedfellow.
If you are sad about my grief in love, you are both exterminated by giving love.
If you are going abroad, go armed.
If you sweat to put down a tyrant, you will sleep peacefully without the tyrant being killed.
If you are going on this journey, you will kill yourself.
If you are getting angry with me, Pistol, I will scour you with my rapier.
If you had known the virtue of the ring, or half the worth of the ring that gave it to you, or your own honor to contain
If you have any music that cannot be heard, then go back.
If you have any pity, grace, or manners, you would not want to argue that.
If you have lost him, why? I have lost him too.
If you have poison for me, I will drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew my business, you would ask me to go and stay.
If you like to report the soil, the profit, and this kind of life, I will be your faithful servant and buy it with your gold
If you love her, tomorrow you will wed her.
If you mark Alexander’s life well, Harry of Monmouth’s life is coming after it as well.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can stay with him.
If you are insulting him, I will defend you for him.
If you are out of my honor and in my greatness, you will die.
If you pardon us, we will change.
If you poison us, don’t we die?
If you prick us, don’t we bleed?
If you are a mutineer, the next tree will be the tree.
If you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment, the fear of your adventure would help you to pursue a more equal enterprise.
If you say something, I hope you will not kill me.
If you cleave to my consent, when it is time, it will honor you.
If you send them a message that you will not come, their minds may change.
If you are going to die before him, where is her snoring?
If you swear, my lord, you will not be swore.
If you are well behaved, bring them to Baynard’s Castle, where you will find me accompanied with reverend fathers and well-
If you tickle us, don’t we laugh?
If you went in pain, master, this knave would go sore.
If you come to me, for now I am spying on a danger. I ask you to bring only five and twenty.
If you tell your lady I am here to speak with her, and bring her with you, it will awaken my bounty.
If you want to live, be sorry.
If you do not want to murder me for my love, let me be your servant.
If you do not want to, come here when you are ready.
If you are dancing in our round and watching our moonlight, go with us.
If you want to see it, follow me.
If you want to take a homely man’s advice, do not be found here.
If you watch him go from here (which I will make up for to fall out between twelve and one), you can take him to your satisfaction
If you want to conjure her, you have to make a circle.
If you want to know what happened, look at me.
If you did not, it would be a good sign that I could have a new father quickly.
If you are only trying to examine the wars of Pompey the Great, I assure you, there is no tiddle toddle or pibble
If you are going to supper tonight, you may.
If you are going to fight, you have to fight together, but it will not be with this.
If you sit down, I will keep your logs.
If you are enjoying your leisure, I would like to speak with you.
If your love does not convince you to come, don’t let me write your letter.
If your Majesties remember, the Welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks grew, wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps
If your master wants a queen to beg him, you have to tell him that a queen must beg no less than a kingdom.
If you would, Duke of Burgundy, have the peace you want, which will give you the strength to overcome your imperfections, then you
If she has resisted the riots of your followers, she will be on such a solid ground as to protect her from all blame.
Ill luck, ill luck?
I will rest in the room where you are sitting.
I would like to talk more about you.
I will never say anything well.
Illo, ho, ho, my lord!
Take it.
I am anxious about my absence, and I am sad that young Octavius and Mark Antony have made themselves so strong.
Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay, could stop a hole to keep the wind away.
I am a snub.
In a false fight, there is no true valor.
In all these circumstances I will instruct you.
They are asleep in bed while they dream about it.
He sees himself in both my eyes and in each eye, one.
In short, since the season is approaching, prepare your battle early in the morning and put your fortune into the battle of bloody strokes and mortal-
I am telling you, Sorrow would be the most beloved if all could become it.
Caesar’s fleet are those who have often fought against Pompey.
In cases of defense, it is best to weigh the enemy more than he seems.
In cash, most just paid.
I will have to draw my sword on you.
We will not discuss what was best for us.
Give him the way to each other.
In every good thing.
Isn’t there a man in the world who will wear his cap with suspicion?
He is incompetent, and yet his trespass, in our common reason, is not a fault for a private.
You are a good man, lady.
I swear, my hand did not mean anything to my sword.
I swear, my lord, not me.
She is too scolded.
They are as heartfelt as we are.
In food, in sports, and in life-preserving rest, to be disturbed would be a mad or a man or a beast.
In God's name, speak.
What are you doing in God’s name?
In good time, sir. What is that?
In great measure.
Here comes the duke himself in a happy time.
I am here, Iago.
Good time.
She is my happiness and yours.
He has a hope of government, which, in his absence, will be governed by him, and he will never be afraid to govern.
You are in your comfort.
He is.
In his throne?
He walked in his livery with crowns and crownets.
He is exalting himself more than you are adding.
In his tail.
In his tongue.
You have heard me say my daughter is not for you.
In honor of love.
In Kent, my liege, the Guilfords are in arms, and every hour more rebels are fighting, and their power grows.
In love?
It is bad in me, in you it has been good service.
I am sure she is the sweetest lady I have ever looked at.
I will bet you are very serious about Beatrice.
In my room there is a book.
I am in my mind, Horatio.
In my school days, when I lost one shaft, I shot his fellow out of the same way.
I am above you in my stars, but do not be afraid of greatness.
I have changed everything except my clothes.
Claribel found her husband at Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife, where he was lost himself in a poor island.
In Orsino's bosom.
I would rather dissuade him, but he will not be beaten.
Let’s put it in practice now.
In praising Antony, I have dispraised Caesar.
In private?
I like it very much, but I dislike it very much because it is private, and it is a very vile life.
I am sad, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say that, you will only say the truth.
In Sicyon.
In some bush?
I do not know why I am so sad.
I think you are still in your heart.
In such a night as this, when the wind kissed the trees and did not make noise, Troilus thinks the Trojan walls were mounted and sighed
In such a night as this.
In such a night, pretty Jessica, like a little shrew, slander her love, and he forgave it for her.
In such a night, young Lorenzo swore he loved her well, scolding her with many vows of faith, and not a true one.
In such a night, shut me out.
In such a time as this, it is not possible to make a comment on every nice offense.
I was born in Syracusa, and wed a woman happy for me, and by me, we would have not had a bad day.
In the corrupted world, the gilded hand of the offense may be shoved by justice.
I stand in the great hand of God, and then I fight against the unintended pretense of treasonous malice.
In the meantime, I will draw a list of properties that we want to play.
In the meantime, let me be who I am, and not try to change me.
In the meantime, let me not be too busy about my fears, and hold her free, I beg your honor.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, a little before the mightiest Julius fell, the graves stood empty and the dead squeak
In the name of the world there is a moiety.
In the same figure as the king who is dead.
I met him in the street, and he was that gentleman.
In the wars.
I am going to say that, and that is the point, I will say that you are talking about the military discipline.
There is not a half hour of life in you.
In this last moment.
What have you heard her say in this slumbery, out of walking and other real performances, at any time?
In this time of the night?
I am a slanderous, honest man, but I cannot be denied that I am a slanderous villain.
In those savors, they live in the savors.
In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
You are in your foul throat.
We hate things that we often fear.
It is morning.
I think I should, and then I will die when I am done.
I do not think you would.
I know it is a sin to be a mocker, but he is a better horse than the Neapolitan.
In Venice, they let God see the pranks they dare not show their husbands.
You did. My bones show that since then he has felt the vigour of his rage.
In the way of voice, well spoken, free, learned, and valiant, and in the way of nature, a gracious person.
You will say a beggar.
In what chapter of his life?
In what part of her body is Ireland?
What, my dear lord?
In which array, brave soldier lies, larding the plain, and by his bloody side, he spits his honorable wounds.
In that regard,
I would like to ask you your name.
In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words.
Are you in your dumps?
In your own kingdom, sir.
We are in, or we are spoiled.
Innocent people, you can't guess who caused your father’s death.
He is not fit.
She is a very fresh and delicate creature.
Indeed, he has an excellent reputation.
Yes, he is.
He plied them both with excellent praise.
I am not a mourner for that news because they have been my adversaries.
I will never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him dead. It is my poor heart for a king.
I wish I had asked you before.
Yes, sirs, but this is a problem for me.
It is a strange time.
Yes, my lord, it followed hard.
Indeed, my lord, it is a very excellent horse.
Yes, my lord, you made me believe that.
Yes, sweet love, I was coming to your house.
That is true, it is out of the air.
The French can give twenty French crowns to one of them, because they bear them on their shoulders.
They are really disproportioned.
The senators will decide tomorrow to establish Caesar as a king, and he will wear his crown on sea and land.
Yes, on my sword.
Yes!
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Infect her beauty with the powerful sun.
Infer that this alliance will give England fair peace.
I am not sure what to do.
Infirmity, which decays the wise, makes the better fool.
Tell her all about my particular fears, and add those that might make her feel as if you are a bit more worried.
Did they know?
He is a gratifying fox.
You are more hideous when you show you in a child than the sea monster.
Ink and paper, Charmian.
Ask me some poor gentleman who I will marry straight to Clarence’s daughter.
Ask the Jew’s house.
Let’s talk briefly.
You are hiding somewhere.
Give the Prince and Claudio a certain zeal, as in love with your brother’s honor, who made this match, and his friend
I will turn my mercy out of the door and make a stockfish of you.
Divide one man into a thousand pieces and make a sanity.
I have forgotten a thousand.
I will go to my grave.
What dangers would you lead me to, Cassius, that you would have me seek out for something that does not belong to me?
Get me out of my bed.
Invoke his warlike spirit and your great-uncle’s Edward the Black Prince who played a tragedy on the French ground, making France
Iras, goodbye.
Is it coming to this?
Is it coming to this?
Is it far away from where you are riding?
Is it a stale story that tries to get worse?
Is it gone?
Is it good or bad?
Is that the lead contained in her?
Is it long or round?
Is it lost?
Isn’t it being denied against us?
Isn’t it enough, isn’t it enough, young man?
Isn’t Hortensio?
Isn’t it perfect to let him leave with this arm?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t the king?
Isn’t it well done?
Isn’t that your trick?
Is it possible that you would like her if you were so young?
Is it possible that you will leave tonight?
Is it possible, Litio, that mistress Bianca is not a good friend, but he is not Lucentio?
Is it possible, my lord?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it so sane?
Is that true?
Is that true?
Is that true, my lords of England?
Is it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is all our company here?
Is all the advice we have shared, the sisters’ vows, the hours we have spent waiting for us to join us, forgotten?
Is everything ready for the royal wedding?
Is Antony or I responsible for this?
Has Banquo gone to court?
Is Brutus sick?
Is Caesar yet to go to the Capitol?
Is Cassius near?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he a man?
Is he coming home?
Is he coming?
Is he dead?
Is he gone and has nothing to do with?
Is he gone?
Is he married?
Isn’t he a profane and liberal counselor?
Isn’t he able to pay the money?
Isn’t he a villain who has slandered, scorned, dishonored my mother?
Isn’t he here?
Isn’t he honest?
Is he jealous?
Isn’t he a light of mind?
Is he God’s making?
Is he going to be arrested?
Is he well shipped?
Is he well?
Is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard?
He is in his retirement and is a wonderful man.
Is ink and paper ready?
Is it a custom?
Is it a man?
Is it true?
Is it a world to hide virtues in?
Is that the answer?
Is it coming to this?
Is it possible that he will be Protector?
Is it true?
Is that true?
Is it appropriate, the three-dimensional world divided, that he should stand one of the three to share it?
Is it for him that you envy me so much?
Is it four o'clock?
Is it good?
Is it his use?
Is it honest in word and deed?
Is it my mother?
Is it old and new?
Isn’t it all that important to say about a long time in nature that leaves the history unspoken what it intends to do?
Isn’t it as if this mouth should tear this hand for lifting food to it?
Isn’t it hard, Nerissa, that I cannot choose one or refuse none?
Isn’t it Hero?
Isn’t it like the king?
Isn’t it past two o’clock?
Isn’t it strange, Canidius, that he could cut the Ionian sea so quickly and take Toryne?
Is it possible that a cur can lend three thousand ducats?
Is it possible that I would love the enemy of France?
Is it possible that any villain is so dear?
Is it possible?
Is it so brave?
Is it so long? Call out the holy father.
Is it so nominated in the contract?
Is that true, countrymen?
Is it the way fathers should have so little mercy on their children?
Is it them?
Is it two days ago that I tripped your heels up and beat you before the king?
Is it a record, or has he rewritten it from time to time?
Is it reasonable and compassable?
Is it your dear friend who is in trouble?
Is it your own inclination?
Is love a tender thing?
Is my father well?
Is my lord angry?
Is my lord well, that he is speaking so wide?
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Isn’t marriage honorable in a beggar?
Isn’t that the man who lies on the ground?
Isn’t that him?
Isn’t that neighborly?
Isn’t that strange?
Isn’t the leaf turned down where I left reading?
Isn’t the sun pale, killing their fruit with frowns?
Isn’t this buckled well?
Isn’t this man jealous?
Isn’t this something more than fantasy?
Isn’t Stephano my drunken butler?
Isn’t this the day Hermia should answer her question?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that all?
Isn’t tomorrow the ides of March?
Isn’t your husband crazy?
Isn’t your lord honorable without marriage?
Isn’t my doublet as fresh as the first day I wore it?
It has become a god, and Cassius is a wretched creature and must bend his body if Caesar scolded him.
Is Romeo killed, and Tybalt dead?
Is Rosaline, whom you loved so much, so soon forsaken?
Is she as tall as me?
Isn’t she a modest young lady?
Isn’t she right?
Isn’t she proud?
Is she shrill or low?
Is she a shrew as she has been reported?
Is she going to be buried in a Christian burial when she will seek her own salvation?
Is Signior Lucentio inside, sir?
Is the dinner ready, the house trimmed, the house swept, the servants swept in their new fustian, their white stockings, and
Is that something?
Is that his answer?
Is that my prize?
Is that the necklace you promised me today?
Is that the law?
Is that the meaning of “accost”?
Is that the naked man?
Is that the most important thing?
Is that true?
Is the chair empty?
Is the day so young?
Is the Duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?
Is the king a good man?
Is the single man blessed?
Is the storm overblown?
Is the sword unwayed?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any reason to make these hard hearts so hard?
Is there any man who has rebused your Worship?
Is there any ships on board tonight?
Is there any way to show such friendship?
Is there a division between my lord and Cassio?
Is there more work to do?
Isn’t there any offense in it?
Isn’t there any respect for you, people, or time?
Is there any woman here to give me?
Isn’t there any charm that can be used to steal the property of youth and motherhood?
Is this a dagger I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
Is this a holiday?
Is this a prologue or a ring?
Is that true?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we sent to pay for his ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the monument of Leonato?
Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate calls sufficient?
Is this the sneezing for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is this true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your speeding?
Is your master coming?
Is your master stirring?
Is your name Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is your news good or bad?
Is your union here?
Is he over here?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?
Is your man secret?
Are you changing your humor?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
I am a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal.
It is only about your ear.
It is a good idea to go away with it as if it were a gift to you alone.
It is better to be the throned monarch than his crown.
It starts with “Hold your peace.” I will never begin if I hold my peace.
It came from the heart of a woman who is dead.
It can't be that you have murdered him.
It can't be that she has done you wrong.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It is coming to me. Do you have anything?
It is a little chilly.
It always seemed so to us.
It did sound like a trespass.
He did come to his hands, and commands will be executed.
It did, it did.
It is true, my boy.
It is true, my lord.
It seems you are a worthy judge.
It does not fit me.
It drops as gentle as the rain from heaven on the ground.
It eats and sleeps and has the same senses as we have.
It faded on the crowing of the cock.
It fell on a little western flower, before milk-white, now purple with love’s wound.
Then the cat must stay home.
It is great to see you here before me.
It is not going forward.
It hangs like a flax on a sand.
It is harrowing me with fear and wonder.
It has been taught from the primal state that the man who never loved until he was worth love, and the man who never loved until he was
It has been the emptying of the happy throne and the fall of many kings.
It has made me mad.
It does not have any tongue to vex you.
It has not appeared.
It is the eldest curse on it, a brother’s murder.
It is “music with her silver sound,” because musicians do not have gold to sound.
It is "never tire." Oh.
It is a beast for Perseus.
It is a charitable duty of mine.
It is a business that is a bit sane.
It is a common thing.
It is a creature that drew on Cassio, as it is the plague of the strumpets to beguile many and beguiled
It is a fault that comes from your eyes.
It is a good divine who follows his own instructions.
It is a great price for a small snub.
It is a flood.
It is a hint that wrings my eyes to it.
It is a kind of history.
It is a letter from my brother that I haven’t read all the time.
It is a man’s job, but not yours.
It is a wheel fixed on the summit of the highest mountain, to which ten thousand lesser things are buried and buried.
It is a monster that is born on itself.
It is a very sharp sauce.
It is a nipping and an eager air.
It is a smear, a custard-coffin, a bauble, a silk pie.
It is a poison that has been tempered by him.
It is a pretty young man, not very pretty, but he is sure he is proud, and yet his pride becomes him.
It is a witty world, my lord, and I believe it will not stand upright until Richard wears the garland of the realm.
It is a tale written by an idiot, full of sound and fury, and not a signifying sign.
It is a theme as fluent as the sea.
It is a wise father who knows his own child.
It is almost morning, and yet I am sure you are not satisfied with all of these events.
It is a habit for her to seem like washing her hands.
It is an honor that I do not dream of.
It is as easy as lying.
It is backed by a weasel.
It is both him and her: your son and daughter.
It is Brabantio.
It is only change, Titinius, because Octavius is overthrown by noble Brutus, as Cassius’s legions are
It is just trash.
It is called Wye at Monmouth, but it is out of my pranks, the name of the other river.
It is Captain Macmorris, isn’t it?
It has been concluded.
It is determined, not yet concluded, but it must be if the king is miscarrying.
If it is proved that an alien is seeking the life of any citizen by direct or indirect attempts, the party will take half of his goods.
It is true.
It is gone.
It is good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb.
It is good to grow.
It is here, Hamlet.
It is heresy.
It is his handwriting, my lord, but I hope his heart does not matter.
It is his job.
It is hypocrisy against the devil.
It is impossible they are going to bear it out.
It is impossible to see this, if they were as old as goats, as hot as monkeys, as ignorant as wolves in pride.
It is impossible.
It is a cold, my lord.
It is just as high as it is, and it is moving with its own organs.
It is meat and drink to me to see a clown.
It is just a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.
It is more worthy to leap in ourselves than to tarry until they push us.
It is much that the Moor should be more than just reason.
It is my arm.
It is my birthday.
It is my day, my life.
It is my duty, sir.
It is my style when I see a crab.
It is my lady.
It is my promise, and they expect it from me.
It is my wretched fortune.
It is important that you plan the season for your own harvest.
It is not a joke to say we are.
He has no hidden virtue.
It is not as witty as it is, so it is eloquent and full of invention.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
It is no good to be seated in the middle of the room.
It is not shameful.
It is not daybreak.
It is not daybreak.
It is not for you.
It is not your health to commit your weak condition to the cold morning.
It is not friendly, it is not a girl.
I do not have the honesty to speak about what I have seen and heard.
It is not lost, but what if it were?
It is not true that you know how much Caesar loved you.
It is not moonlight now.
It is not, and it can't come to good, but break my heart, because I have to hold my tongue.
It is not possible.
It is not seen enough, but you should wear it in your cap.
It is not so clear, but what about that?
It is not strange.
It is not good to take the stories out of my mouth before it is finished.
It is not yet day.
It is now high suppertime, and the night has turned into a waste.
It is two o'clock now.
It is offended.
It is a danger that you were saved yourself.
It has been proved that my Lady Hero has been falsely accused, the Prince and Claudio have been abused, and Don John is the author.
It is as broad as it has been.
It is true.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is some meteor that the sun is telling you to be a torchbearer this night and light you on your way to Mantua.
It is something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose.
It is the best horse in Europe.
It is the sun that is blessed.
It is the day that brings the adder back to the house and that craves a quiet walk.
It is the cry of women, my good lord.
It is the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It is the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and utterly utter prerogatives and laws of the wars are not kept.
It is the green-eyed monster who mocks the meat it feeds.
It is the lady Pyramus must love.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, preventing harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
It is more like being feigned.
It is the most impenetrable curfew ever kept by men.
It is the part of men to fear and tremble when the mighty gods send such terrible heralds to amaze us.
It is the prince of palfreys.
It is the quality of the climate.
It is the right woman’s rank to sell.
It is the rival of my love.
It is the wittiest partition I have ever heard.
It is to be made of faith and service, and so am I for Phoebe.
It is to be all made of fantasy, all made of passion, all made of wishes, all adoration, duty, and respect, all
It is all about sighs and tears, and so am I for Phoebe.
It is too hard for me to knot a knot.
It is too heavy for your Grace to wear.
It is too late.
It is too rough, too rude, too boisterous, and it is pricking like a thorn.
It is too true.
It blesses the man who gives and the man who takes.
It is very hot.
It is very sultry as it was. I can’t tell how.
It is very true.
It is well done and fitting for a princess who has been ruled by so many royal kings.
It is good.
It is good.
It is worth the pains.
It is written that shoemaker should go with his yard and tailor with his last, the fisherman with his pencil and the painter with his nets.
It is young Orlando who tripped up the wrestler and your heart in an instant.
It is your music, madam, of the house.
It is, and it wants to be renamed.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
It is.
It is going to give over.
It is in you.
It looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
It makes us, or it makes us.
It may be his enemy is a gentleman of great kind, even if he is not a man.
I may be able to bring you to my brother Cassius by business.
It may be, my lord.
It may be worth your pains, because I can sing and speak to him in many different ways that will make me very worthy of his service.
It may be that the unaccustomed terror of this night, and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him out of the Capitol today.
It may be very similar.
It may well be called Jove’s tree when it drops such fruit.
It might have been a good idea that we would repay what we took from them, which most of our city did.
It might, my lord.
It would be nice to him to make a staff to go on with.
It must appear in other ways than words, so I have snuck up this courtesy.
It must be Nay, but listen to me, Goodman Delver. Give me permission.
It must be by his death, and I do not know any reason to insult him, but for the general.
He must know soon from England what is going on.
It must be, because miracles have been stopped, and therefore we have to admit the way things are perfected.
It must be thought about.
It must be your imagination, not theirs.
It must be delicate and delicate.
I invite you all to join me in my galley.
It is coming to night now.
It is only our lives to use our strongest hands.
It is your Worship to say that, but we are the poor duke’s officers.
It is not true.
It is a good idea, but it is a bad idea to perform.
It is ripening towards it.
It seemed she was a queen over her passion, who strove to be king for her.
It seems he has taken great care of his wife.
It seems not to be a good idea to be sane to me, or to be a good idea to be sane against the Moor.
It seems you are insulting me.
I am sure we are still sleeping, dreaming.
It is rarely a victim of sorrow.
It will benefit more than do us wrong.
It will benefit you more than ever as the letter was written.
It is not a bottom.
It will be done, my lord.
It will be done.
It will be done.
It has been said that his judgment ruled our hands.
It will be seven years before I go to horse.
It will be.
It will be to your benefit, because my father’s house and all the money that was inherited from you will be inherited from you.
It will do well.
It will be hard if “Cambio” goes without her.
It will not lose you anything.
It will not need it.
It will go to the barber’s with your beard.
It is everywhere.
It should be, but he is drowned, and these are devils.
It should seem then that Dobbin’s tail is getting backward.
It is good, doesn’t it?
It is good for you to fight.
It is not a more sane thing, and it is sure it is waiting on some god on the island.
It is too much joy to see you here.
It struck my ear most terribly.
It is coming near the season, when the spirit waited for him to walk.
It is touching you as much as me, my lord.
It was a good and fortunate vision.
It was about to speak when the cock crew arrived.
It was divided between her heart and her lips.
It was a great ignorance to let Gloucester live, with his eyes out.
It was the man who made us treasonous, who is too good to pity you.
It was his bid.
I did not want to fight with him, but I will wear it in my cap until I see him again, and then I will tell him
When I arrived and heard you, I saw you making a gap between the pines and let you out.
It was my duty, sir.
It was my turquoise.
It wasn't brought to me, my lord.
It was ours, you did abuse.
It was some savage.
It was the nightingale, not the lark, that pierced your fearful ear.
It was two years before I left him, and now the clock strikes one.
It was well done, and you will sleep again.
It will not be enough to hold me until twenty people tell me.
It was, as I have seen it in his life, a sable silvered sword.
It was, please your highness.
It was.
It is coming back.
It is still a wave.
It is weary me, you say it is weary you.
It weeps, it bleeds, and every day she is slain.
It is good.
It would be better to die with mocks, which is as bad as dying with tickling.
It was a delicate way to shoe a horse with felt.
It would be a tedious task to bring them to that prospect, I think.
It would be a good thing to say that to the Moor.
It would be good if Benedick knew about it by some other person, if she does not know about it.
It is pity to cast them away for nothing, even if they are not worthy of anything.
It was too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.
It was a good idea for the general.
It would be a difficult job for a maid to get to.
It will rain tonight.
It will be short.
It will make you mad, Monsieur Jaques.
It would be a question.
I would like to do it with more ease, since my good will is to it and yours is against it.
It would make a man insane to be bought and sold so quickly.
It would seem strange to him when he wakes up.
It is nine o'clock.
It is dinnertime, my lord.
It is the wind.
It is true, lieutenant.
Jailer, look at him.
Jailer, look at him.
James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey, will have the lead of this foot and horse.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter, Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
I will praise Jove and my stars.
Goodbye, master Parson.
Good luck with this!
Thank you, sir.
Jove, Jove, this shepherd's passion is a big part of my fashion.
The lightning, the precursors of dreadful thunderclaps, were more momentary and sight-outrunning.
Judge me the world if it is not gross in sense that you have abused her with foul charms, and abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals
Judge me, you gods!
Oh gods, how much Caesar loved him!
Judgment?
Juliet is fast, I assure her, she is fast.
Juno and Ceres whisper quietly.
My heart is as high as my heart.
The men sympathize with the mastiffs in their brutal and brutal coming on, leaving their wits with their wives.
Find the girl.
Justice, most sacred duke, against the Abbess.
Kate likes the hazel-twig, straight and slender, and brown as hazelnuts, and sweeter than the kernels.
Katherine’s daughter and with her, to dowry, some petty and unprofitable dukedoms.
Katherine the curse! That is the worst title for a maid of all titles.
Keep your eyes closed, I command you.
Keep me calm.
Keep your life peaceful.
Keep your promise, love.
Keep your spirits warm.
Keep your head on the left.
Keep your word.
Keep your cabins.
Keep your purse.
Tell me, Phoebe, that you will marry me or else, refusing to marry this shepherd.
Keep your word, Silvius, that you will marry her if she refuses me.
Kent was banished.
Kent, father, sisters.
Kent, on your life, do not worry.
Kent, sir, the banished Kent, who disguisedly followed his enemy king and did him service as a slave.
Kill Brutus and be honored in his death.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow and let me live tonight.
Kill men in the dark.
Kill the poys and the luggage.
Kill!
Have you killed a cat?
Killing swine.
Kind and dear princess!
Kind gentlemen, let’s go see poor Cassio dressed.
Kind gentlemen, I am going to read them every day.
Dear sister, thanks.
Kind souls, are you crying when you see Caesar’s vesture wounded?
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy with your news?
I will leave my mind to be as kind as I swore before.
King Lear has lost his daughter and he has lost his daughter.
It is kings, and kings are kings of more mean creatures.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Do not scold me, Portia.
Kneel to the duke before he passes the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Knock you here, sir?
Knock, I say.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
I will know him, I am sure of it.
Do you know him?
Do I know the men who come with you?
Know me for Brutus.
Know about your youth.
Know the glove!
I know that I came before you and that a man was prepared to take this offer, but Mark Antony put me to some impatience.
Now my dear lady, I have brought my enemies to this shore.
Do we know this face or not?
Do you know any?
Do you know any, Hero?
Do you know whom, sir?
Do you know him?
Don’t you know he has?
Don’t you know the cause?
Do you know some men who are worthy of their graces only serve them as enemies?
Do you know what Caesar wants to do with me?
Do you know where you are, sir?
Claudio, you have wronged my innocent child and me so badly that I have been forced to give my reverence to you.
I hope I will live well tomorrow, and I will lead you to a life where I will expect victorious life rather than death and honor.
My long lord, the marquess Dorset, has fled to Richmond, in the areas where he is.
I know, sir, that I am called Hortensio.
I will never wait until you are sworn in by your master’s court, and I will never be chastised once.
Do you know Fluellen?
Do you know Gower?
Do you know his mind?
Do you know anyone who will kill you by stealing gold?
Don’t you know that I have fined my bones for ransom?
Don’t you know the duke has banished me, his daughter?
Do you know the way to Dover?
Do you know the young man who spoke to me before?
Do you know this country?
I have been known to these people, and I have been disguised.
Labio and Flavio, set our battles on.
Have you wept all this while, Lady Beatrice?
Amen, lady.
Lady, come from that nest of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
Lady, should I lie in your lap?
Lady, were you asleep last night?
Lady, will you walk a bout with your friend?
Lady, you have come here to be married to this count?
Lady, you do not know the rules of charity, which make good for bad, and blessings for curses.
Lady!
Laertes, I have to commune with your grief, or you deny me right.
Last night, when the same star who is westward from the pole had made his way to the heavens where it is burning, Marcellus
Last night she slept, and tonight she will not.
The last thing he did, dear Queen, was kissing—the last of many double kisses—this pearl.
Do not laugh to dissuade the power of man, because none of the women born will harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I are out.
Give your bitter enemy so bitterly.
Lay out the gown.
Give me advice and advise me.
Hold her on her, hold her on.
Lay her on the earth, and she will be able to escape her dark and unpolluted flesh.
Lay on, Macduff, and damn him who first cried, “Enough!” I wish the friends we miss were safe.
Lay them in a gore, since you have shore with shears his thread of silk.
Lay your finger on your finger and let your soul be instructed.
Le chien is retourné à son propre vomissement, and la truie lavée au bourbier.
Le Roy?
Lead away.
Lead him to my bower.
Take me away from here.
Lead me on.
Lead me on.
Lead me to my room.
Lead me.
Lead the way.
Lead, monster, we will follow.
Lear’s shadow.
Learn it, learn it.
Learn about the wise and wise. A cat is a baser birth than a cat, a cat that is very unclean.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to heaven and to those thorns that sting her in her bosom lodge.
Leave him to my displeasure.
Leave him alone.
Leave it to his discretion, and let’s listen to the moon.
Leave me alone to woo him.
Leave me and do what I asked you to do.
Leave me in the rush.
Leave me, please, a little.
Leave me alone, I say.
Leave me alone, Iago.
Leave me your power to draw, and I will not have any power to follow you.
Leave you alone.
Leave gentle wax, and, please, do not blame us.
It is a slander, sir.
Lechery!
Legged like a man and his fins like arms.
Give me a look-glass.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Lend me your hand.
Let’s hear your ear.
Lend your hand and pluck my magic garment from me.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I standing here?
Lepidus flatters both of them, but he does not love him, and he does not care about him.
Lepidus is high-colored.
You are less than a wonder of our earth, more than a divine earth.
Less than Macbeth and greater.
If you are choleric, you will need to buy me another dry basting.
Let’s go.
Let's go, Corporal Nym.
Let all of us give place.
Let’s go.
The commons should hear this testament, which, pardon me, I do not want to read.
Let the copulation thrive, because Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to his father than my daughters were.
Let each of you give me his bloody hand.
Let every eye nogulate for itself and do not trust any agent. Beauty is a witch whose charms melt into blood.
Every man should be master of his time until seven at night.
Every soldier should hew him down a bough and bear it before him.
Let your blade fall on vulnerable crests.
Let the fiends for food howl on!
Let four captains take Hamlet to the stage like a soldier, because he was likely to have been a royal king if he were put on.
Let go of his arm.
Let go of my hand.
Let go of your sleeve when a great wheel runs down a hill, so it won't break your neck with following it.
Let go of it, slave, or you die.
Let go of it.
Let good Antonio look at him for his day, or he will pay for this.
Let grief turn into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils cry shame against me, but I will speak.
Leave her alone.
Let her be kept in secret for a while and publish that she is actually dead.
Let her be round with him, and I will be placed in the ear of all their meetings.
Let her be yours, because we do not have any daughter like that, and we will not see that face again.
Let her hang me.
Let her have your voice.
Tell her, and he will fill your wishes with a lot of sanity.
Let her live to join our kingdoms and our hearts, and never flee from our love.
Do not let her say I am keeping you here.
Do not let her walk in the sun.
Let her send it.
Let her witness it.
Let him rest for a while.
Let him be alone, because I remember how he is employed.
Leave him alone.
Let him answer me.
Let him appear to be from Antony.
Let him come.
Let him come.
Let him be Caesar.
Let him be the devil, if he will, I do not care.
Let him bless you.
Let him come in.
Let him come when he wants, I will not deny you anything.
Let him come, and please.
Let him command, and obeying will be my remorse for what he has ever had.
He will cry, “Praise and glory on his head!” He will go back and visit all his host, he will smile
Let him do his job.
Let him fly far.
Let him go and now he prefers Caesar’s suit.
Let him go up to the public seat.
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Let him kill one of them first.
Let him let the matter slip, and I will give him my gray horse Capilet.
Let him look at his contract.
Do not let him come near me.
Do not let him leave out the color of her hair.
Do not let him pass, but kill him.
Do not send him any more unless you come back to tell me how he takes it.
Let him speak, my lord, if he is ill, that I have not reserved to myself anything.
Let him take you and hoist you to the shouting plebeians.
Let him thank me for sending him to the holp, because he was fitter for that place than the earth.
Let the man who loves me strike me dead.
Let him write down the Prince’s officer’s name.
Let his shame drive him quickly to Rome.
Let housewife appear.
Let’s see how their wives feel.
Do not let it alone, you fool.
Let it be a secret.
Let it appear.
Let it be a fight between us, if you live.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be who it is.
Let it be written in eight and eight.
Let it come down.
Let it fall, even though the fork invades my heart.
Let it go all.
Let it go.
Do not let it go, Brutus.
I am not sure you are going to be.
It is the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard.
Let life be short, and shame will be too long.
Let Lucius and Titinius guard our door.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me ask you one word in private.
Let me be clear of you.
Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all.
Let me be put to death.
Let me be satisfied.
Let me be taint.
Let me be your servant.
Please do not do so.
I will be able to fix it quickly, but it will be good within an hour.
I will meet you ladies one hour later, and I will salute you as a mother and reverend looker-on, of two fair queens
Let me send one question to your daughter, and ask her to answer it by the fatherly and kindly power you have in her.
Let me come to her.
Let me follow you in this slur. I will give you my slur to the players, which, I tell you, must show respect for,
Let me deal with this.
Let me dispute your fate.
Let me embrace old Vincentio and go see your honest son, who will be happy with your arrival.
Let me endure your wrath if it is not true.
Let me enjoy my private life.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, sir, or I will knock you out of the maze.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me have a listener for a word or two.
Let me have the right means to come to them, and I will rid you of the fear of them.
Let me have surgeons.
Let me have your hand.
Let me hear Agrippa speak more.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hire him too. Here is my sneezing.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here forever.
Let me love him for that, and you love him because I do.
Do not burst in ignorance, but tell me why your canonized bones, heard in death, have burst in their cerebrations.
Do not let me hinder your desires, Cassius.
Don’t give it to you, you chaste stars, it is the cause.
Do not let me stay a jot for dinner.
I do not want to dwell on this bare island by your spell, since my dukedom has been pardoned by the deceiver, but
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask more questions in particular.
Let me tell him your sweet dependency, and you will find a conqueror who will pray for kindness, where he has kneeled for grace.
Let me say “Amen” in time, so that the devil can cross my prayer.
Let me see them.
Let me see her.
Let me see his eyes so that when I see another man like him, I can avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let me see,
Let me see the caper.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see, what do you think of falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me stop that.
Let me sit down.
Let me speak a little.
Let me speak like yourself and write a sentence that can help these lovers.
Let me say proudly: tell the constable we are only warriors for the working day.
Let me stand here until you remember it.
Let me keep the growth of his beard if you do not delay me to know his chin.
Let me take away the harms I am afraid of, not take fear.
Cassius, you are too much condemned to have a slur of palms, to sell and martin your offices for gold to unservers.
Let me wipe it out first.
Let me work.
Let me know what you are doing.
If I do not have lands by birth, I will have lands by wit.
Listen to music while he chooses.
It is not fair to think about Rosalind.
Do not trust any man like that.
Do not presume to wear undeserved dignity.
Do not let my worse spirit tempt me to die before you please.
Do not let that doctor come near my house.
Do not let the heavens hear these sexy women scold the Lord.
Do not let the Nurse lie with you in your room.
Do not let the royal bed of Denmark be a couch for luxury and incest.
Let our best heads know that tomorrow we will fight the last of many battles.
Let’s catch “You knave.” “Hold your peace, you knave.”
Let our officers know what we are doing.
Let’s remember our reciprocal vows.
She shook the holy water from her heavenly eyes and moistened her clamor.
Let pride, which she calls plainness, marry her.
Let Rome be informed of that.
Some of my people should care about him.
Let my sorrow split my heart if I hated you or your father ever.
We need to draw specialties between us so that we can keep both sides of the agreement.
Let the woman take an older woman than herself.
Let the Egyptians and the Phoenicians go a-ducking.
Let that appear later, and I will see better at me.
Let’s leave that that leaves itself.
Let that suffice.
Let the doors be shut on him so he can play the fool no matter where he is.
Let the garden door be closed, and leave me to my hearing.
Let the great gods who keep this terrible pudder on our heads find out their enemies now.
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, Laugh at his challenge.
Let the trumpet sound.
Let the world see how he is, and that your death will never come out.
Let their beds be as soft as yours and let their palates be seasoned with sour cream.
Let their heads be slickly combed, their blue coats brushed, and their shins of a different knit.
Let them scold you.
Let them be hunted well.
Let them start.
Let them come before Master Constable.
Let them come in.
Let them curl with their left legs, and do not touch a hair from my master’s horse-tail until they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Do not let them live to taste this land’s growth, which would wound this fair land’s peace with treason.
Let them play it.
Let them start a fight because I see Octavius’s wing is a cold one, and a sudden push gives them the overthrow.
Let this be.
Let this fellow be nothing from our fight.
Let this hour stand up in the calendar.
Let your blood and spirit embrace them.
Let’s all embrace it.
Let’s be conjunctive in our revenge against him.
Let’s be jocund.
Let’s be sacrificers, but not butchers.
Let’s be satisfied!
Let’s take him to the court of guard.
Let’s come in so we can bind him fast and bring him home for his recovery.
Let’s deal with it justly.
Let’s die.
Let’s go in, and take us with us, and we will answer all the questions faithfully.
Let’s sit here on the church bench until two, then go to bed.
Let’s go, because it is after midnight, and if day comes, we will wake him up and be sure of him.
Let’s go.
Let’s hear him.
Let’s hear what Antony can say.
Let’s hear, Bottom.
Let's leave him.
Do not break with him, because he will never follow anything that other men do.
Do not burden our memories with a heaviness that is gone.
Do not leave him out.
Let’s stay and see it now.
Let’s offer up our lives on heaps.
Let us live, live our souls, pay our debts, our wives, our children, and pay our sins to the king!
Let’s leave everything and give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Let’s hold the mortal sword and, like good men, beg our downfall's birthdom.
Let’s score their backs and snatch them up, as we take hares behind!
Let’s see.
Let’s look for some shade of shade, and weep our sad bosoms empty.
Let’s sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel so that her gifts can be given equally.
Let’s swear that you are worthy of your breeding.
Let’s take the law of our sides.
Let’s eat and drink.
Let’s go to the field.
Let’s go to the great supper.
Let’s go to the king.
Let’s go.
Let's not be without your company, Lepidus.
Let the sane rushes get a little sane.
Witchcraft will join beauty and lust with both.
Leave your epilogue alone.
Let your highness command me to the level of duty I am able to do with a sleeve that never ends.
Let your wedding be tomorrow.
Let’s all sink into the king’s seat.
Let’s go alone and do the murder first.
Let’s go and get our jewels and our wealth together, and then make the best choice and safest way to hide us from the pursuit
Let’s get ready for a quick meeting in the hall.
Let’s call for more help to get them back together.
Let’s make him a dish that is right for the gods, not hew him as a carcass.
Let’s do that.
Let’s draw our weapons.
Let’s follow it, and after we do our work.
Let’s follow the old earl and get the Bedlam to lead him where he would.
Let’s follow him.
Let’s follow them.
Let’s go, good soldier.
Let’s do it.
Let’s not have any more of this, let’s go to our affairs.
Let’s have the tongs and the bones.
Let’s hear him, because the things he says may concern Caesar.
Let’s hear it.
Do not be disciplined, do not delay, because tomorrow is a busy day, my lords.
Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge, to cure this deadly grief.
Let’s meet as little as possible.
Let’s meet him and get him.
Let’s mock midnight bell.
Do not go get them.
Let’s see what is going on.
Let’s see this saying, graved in gold, “Who chooses me will get what many men want.” That is
Let’s see these pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s stab ourselves.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let us leave him alone.
Let’s talk.
Let’s decide on our actions with the ancient of war.
Let’s think it is unsafe to come in to the cry without more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let’s go to billiards.
Let’s be happy tonight at our meal.
Let’s go.
Letters from Hamlet, my lord.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Do not sleep a night away from home.
Do you lie on her?
Let them be buried on your hand and wiped out by them.
You are here (throwing down a letter), because here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling.
Go there.
Let her sleep. That is a bit of a pain.
Do you have a seat with her?
Are you in love with her?
Get out of here and deliver me the key.
Life and these lips have been separated for a long time.
Life, living, everything is Death’s.
Light is a result of fire, and fire will burn.
I will tie it up with my shirt.
Light, I say, light.
Light!
Lights, lights, lights!
Like a drowned man, a fool and a madman.
Like a baby with a midwife.
Do you like her?
I am standing as if I am a good lady, as I am doubtful whether anything I see is true until you have confirmed, signed, ratified
He was neither sad nor merry at all.
Lips, do not move; no man must know.
Listen to a brief story, and when it is told, my heart will burst!
Listen for a minute.
Listen to his rhetoric about war, and you will hear a fearful battle played by music.
Listen, listen, listen!
I couldn’t say “Amen,” when they said “God bless us!” Do not think about it
Listen, but do not speak to it.
Did you say, “No, no,” again?
Live a little, comfort a little, and cheer yourself a little.
I will live a thousand years, but I will not find myself so apt to die.
You, I live.
Live, and then say that a madman's mercy told you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Is he alive?
Is he alive?
Is my sweet son alive?
Lives, sir.
Oh, you!
Oh, here she is.
I lie here, never to rise again.
On your cheek, the stain is a tear that has not been washed off yet.
Here is the necklace.
Oh, now, lo!
She is a member of this confederacy!
Where he comes.
Here it comes again.
Lo, you are dead, and Titinius mourning it.
Locked in her tomb.
Long live the king!
Love does that.
I have been waiting for your husband to serve me in my wars, and I told you to speak with a prince when you made him master of
He has been there for a long time.
Longer, longer.
Look behind you, my lord.
Look down, you gods, and on this couple, you will receive a blessed crown.
Look how he laughs already!
Look at how he is going to be going to Caesar.
Look at how our partner is rapt.
Look how the heavens floor is thick and bright.
Look how you dream!
Look how your servants are preparing you, each in his office ready to beckon.
Look, Lord Dorset, as pale as the rest?
Look in my face.
Look in the almanac.
Look in the calendar and bring me word.
Look in on me and speak with me, or I will assault you naked as I am.
Look like a innocent flower, but be the serpent under it.
Look for a good example when the fool delivers the madman.
Look, you are sweet, and I am proof against their enmity.
Look at it, I am telling you.
Look at it.
Look at her, if you have eyes to see.
Look at my hats and my furniture.
Look at the lady.
Look at the queen.
Look at your house, your daughter, and your bags.
Look up a horn.
Look at Caesar.
Look what I have.
Look what I am saying, or do, or think to do, you are still crossing it.
Look, what has been done can't be changed now.
Look, he has not turned his color and has tears in his eyes.
Look, he is coming.
Look, it is coming again!
Look, she comes.
Look, where the youngest wren of nine comes.
Look, they come.
Look who is coming here.
Look with your ears.
Do you have any other issues?
Look, here is the man who is surrounded, as you see, by traitors.
Look, you are a young man and a young man who is a solemn man.
Look, Cassio and my husband.
If you take the matter out of the way it is meant, Captain Macmorris, I will think you don’t use me with
Look, friends, the gods rebuke me, but it is a good idea to wash the eyes of kings.
Look, she loved her father very much, and so did I.
Look, sir, I was such a person I was present.
The worm isn’t a good thing to trust, but it is not good.
Look, and you will see.
Don Pedro is back to seek you.
Look, he is recovering.
Look, he has been scolded.
Look, he is wearing cruel garters.
Look, here comes a lover of mine and a lover of hers.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
Look, here I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she is.
Look, how she rubs her hands.
Look, in this place ran Cassius’ dagger through.
Look, look, a mouse!
Look, look.
Look, love, what envious streaks make the clouds severing in the east.
Look, Lucius, here is the book I wanted to read.
Look, my lord, it is coming!
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
Look, sir, I am bleeding.
Look, they cry, and I am an ass.
Look, when I promise, I weep.
Look, where he is.
Look, where she is.
Look, where your love comes from.
Look, I am damning him with a spot.
Look, with what kind of action it takes to get to a more reclaimed ground.
Look!
Is he red or pale, or sad or merrily?
Is he as young as he did the day he wrestled?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything, almost absolute Alexas, where is the soothsayer you praised so much to the Queen
Lord Edmund did not say anything with your lord at home?
Lord Hamlet, Heaven secure him!
Lord Mayor, we have sent you the reason. Look back!
Lord of his fortunes, he salutes you, and he is required to live in Egypt, which he has not granted.
Lord of lords!
Lord, how have you changed?
Lord, what a beautiful story it looks.
Lord, let me never have a reason to sigh until I have been brought to such a silly pass.
She will be a joyful woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals are!
Lord, what?
Lord,” he said.
Lorenzo and Salerio, welcome here, if the young man who is interested in me here has the power to welcome you.
Lorenzo, and my love indeed. Who love me so much?
Thank you, Lorenzo, and your love.
Lorenzo, I will be able to handle my house until my lord returns.
Love cools, friendships break up, brothers break up in cities.
Love will give me strength, and strength will help me.
Love is a madness, and I tell you, it deserves as much a dark house and a whip as madmen do.
Love does not look like a person with eyes, but with mind.
I will have it, or I will have none.
Love news, in faith?
Love made these miracles.
Love, and be friends as two such men should be.
Love and tongue-tied simplicity are all in my capacity.
Love?
Love’s heroes should be thoughts, which glide ten times faster than sun’s beams, driving back shadows over louring hills.
Love is not love when it is mingled with regards that stands aloof from the whole point.
Lovers can see that they are doing their rites by their own beauties. If love is blind, it is best to agree with night.
Lovers, make a moan.
Lovers, go to bed.
Lucentio is your name.
Lucentio, gentle sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, ask the commanders to prepare for their meetings tonight.
Lucius, awake.
Lucius, who is that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius, are you asleep?
Lurk, lurk.
Lysander and I will fly this place.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, speak again.
Lysander, where do you do all this?
Lysander’s love, who would not let him bide, is more a savage night than all the fiery oes and light.
M.O.A.I. This is not the first one, and yet to crush this little, it would bow to me.
M”—Malvolio.
Why, that is what begins my name.
Macbeth is coming.
Macbeth is ready for shaking, and the powers above are on their instruments.
Macbeth will never be beaten until Birnam Wood returns to Dunsinane Hill.
Macbeth!
Macbeth! If I had three ears, I would hear you.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and your noble son is missing.
We are going to die in our graves with a squeak machination, hollowness, treachery, and all the ruined things.
I am calling it mad because I am trying to define true madness. What is it that I am only going to be insane?
Are you mad for your love?
My interpreter, what does she say?
Madam wife, they say I have dreamed and slept more than fifteen years.
Madam, think about the young prince your son is.
Do you understand?
Good hope.
Madam, good night.
Madam, good night.
Madam, he is married to Octavia.
Madam, he is well.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, here comes my lord.
His majesty wants you, and your Grace, and yours, my gracious lords.
How are you doing this play?
Madam, I am here.
Madam, I am very happy to accept your offer.
Madam, I am not well.
I am coming to ask you to think about his behalf.
Madam, I am going fast.
Madam, I would rather seal my lips than speak to my own danger.
My lady does not love her husband.
Madam, I have a touch of your condition, which cannot be reproofed.
Madam, I heard her speak.
I am sure, madam, not so.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
I wish it could.
Madam, I will leave.
If you could find a man who bears a poison, I would temper it so that Romeo should sleep quietly.
What day is that?
Madam, in Rome.
Madam, it fell out so quickly that certain players were on the way.
Madam, madam, Antonio is dead!
No, not now.
No, not yet.
Madam, oh good Empress!
Madam, still sleeps.
Madam, I am so successful in my work and in my wars that I am going to do more good to you and yours than you or
The young gentleman of the Count Orsino’s is back.
Madam, there is a young gentleman at the gate wanting to speak with you.
Please undress you and come to bed now.
What should I do?
I love you with all my heart.
I love you with all my heart.
Hello, Madam, with much ado.
Madam, go away. The Prince, the Count, Signor Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town are
Madam, he is swearing he will speak with you.
Madam, you have done me wrong.
You have to come to your uncle.
Your mother wants to speak with you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Did I make him king for this?
Did it work for you, sir?
Did she ask any questions?
I made you my guardians, my guardians, but I kept a reservation to follow with such a number.
Did you have any more offense than what you are talking about?
Madman and beggar.
Madman, you are dead.
Maid’s mild behavior and sobriety.
Keep a mourning ostentation, and on your family’s old monument hang mournful epitaphs.
Make a short break.
Make all the money you can.
Be sure to.
Go ahead.
Make a good room.
Hurry up, I say.
Hurry up, so I will not hear your ears before it is out.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Hurry up.
She weeps.
Make him believe you are Sir Topas the curate.
Make it a word and a blow.
Do not make it look like it has been ruined.
Tell me.
Make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul inside the house.
Don’t offended me by your distrust.
Make me see it, or at least prove it so that the probation does not have any sleeve or loop to hang a doubt on your life.
Do not compare the love a woman can bear me with my love for Olivia.
Do not delay.
Do not make noise, do not make noise.
Be quiet with God, because you have to die, my lord.
Make that good.
Make the doors open on a woman’s wit, and it will be out of the casement.
Make sure you are in a constant battle.
Make yourself a fortune from me.
Make those who are wrong to you suffer too.
Make your two eyes start from their spheres, your knotted and twisted locks to part and each particular hair to stand on end.
Make us your ministers of chastisement so we can praise you for your victory.
Make us march towards Birnam.
Make you a good answer.
Make sure you use this word best.
Make your vows true, and it will please me.
Are you making this shameful day your day?
Malcolm and Donalbain are stol'n away and fled, which puts them in a slander of the deed.
Malcolm!
Malvolio is coming down this walk.
Many of the men who have sold their lives have only left my house to see.
Many men would take you at your word and go, even if you were so good.
He has been seen many times a morning, with tears sighing over the dew, adding to clouds.
Good morning to my noble lord.
They are making many hot moves in Italy. The sea borders lack blood to think about it.
Many times, madam.
Many people will swoon when they look at blood.
March on to meet him gently.
March on, march on, since we are up in arms, if not to fight with foreign enemies, but to beat down these rebels at home
March to the bridge.
Is Marcus Luccicos in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius are for sea; but we are all on land.
Maria told me she was affecting me, and I have heard herself come near me, that if she wants to, it should be one of my
Marian, I say.
I served Mark Antony, who was the best person to be served.
Mark Antony is sitting in Egypt at dinner and will not make wars without doors.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I am not well, and I will stay at home for your humor.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, take Caesar's body here.
Mark Antony, should we give signs of battle?
Mark him.
Mark his condition and the event.
Listen to how he trembles in his ecstasy.
Listen to how the tyrant writes.
Mark it, uncle.
Mark me.
Mark me.
Listen to the music.
Mark well, Metellus Cimber.
Mark it instantly, and carry it as I have set it down.
Mark, King of Scotland, mark: No sooner had justice forced these skipping kerns to trust their heels, but the Norweyan lord
Didn’t you see how the guilty of the queen looked pale when they heard of Clarence’s death?
Give them to your heirs.
It is enough.
Well, I did.
I will do it tomorrow morning if I am alive.
As for Clarence, he has been well repaid; he has been franked up to fatting for his pains.
Turn down directly to the Jew’s house.
Before he fell down, when he saw the common herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me off his doublet and offered them
I swear, before your ladyship, she puts her tongue in her heart and chides her with thinking.
I will bet my hand if it is a reason to be afraid of you.
Come on, I will trow.
I do, sir, and I came to tell you something.
I think the duke has never lost a man, but a man who is like to be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph.
God should not say no to us.
God forbid!
He told me so himself, and he said he did not care who knew it.
God forbid!
God forbid!
Here is a good man and a fool. That is a wise man and a fool.
I am farewell, because here is cheering enough.
I remember it well.
I saw your niece do more favors to the Count’s servant than she ever gave to me.
I will, and this is wisely done.
I would not do such a thing for a ring, for lawn measures, for gowns, petticoats, or any other small exhibition
I will teach you.
If the one who wrote this book had played Pyramus and hanged himself in this robe, it would have been a fine tragedy.
It is your brother’s right hand.
My child, early Thursday morning, the gallant, young, and noble gentleman, The County Paris, will happily make you a joyful bride.
My uncle Clarence’s angry ghost.
Now I can tell.
Now I let go of your hand, I am barren.
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
He won it from me once before, with false dice.
Please, patience, or I will say you are all in spleen, and nothing of a man.
It is a peace, and love, and a quiet life, and awful rule, and right supremacy. What is not sweet and happy?
You are better employed and naughty for a while.
Sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
Sir, you are a rule as plain as the bald pate of Father Time himself.
You gave me this gift for nothing.
She is in her buttocks, sir.
I will go back to you, sir.
She is the kitchen wench, and all the grease, and I do not know what to do to make her a lamp of her.
They have been slandering a lady, and a third of them have verified unjust things, and, to conclude, they are lying knaves.
They praise me and make an ass of me, and now my enemies tell me I am an ass.
I would like to ask my old master the Jew to suppose tonight with my new master the Christian.
Dear sir, get a husband for her sister.
We say we are not.
I am a big fan of needle and thread.
The duke of Exeter is the master of the pridge.
I am my partner and I am my partner.
That is Hero!
He had received a thousand dollars from Don John for accusing the Lady Hero of wrong doing.
I would rather be honest than wit.
I think that is young Petruchio.
They say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust at two hours old.
This is a snobby.
That is it, sir.
You are wrong, you dissembler, you.
We were sent for the justices.
Good luck.
Well said, well said.
Yes, sir.
You may hope your father does not get you, and you are not the Jew’s daughter.
Oh, you manhood, mew!
Mars’s hot minion is back.
What a wonderful music!
I thought I would follow a scab, and my elbow slid.
Well, and well said.
Master Constable, you are not going to go the way to examine.
Master Fer.
Master Malvolio?
Dear young gentleman, what is the way to the Jew's house?
You, master young man, please tell me which way to go to the Master Jew.
Master, for my hand, both of our inventions are able to meet and jump in one.
Master, go on and I will follow you to the last gasp with truth and loyalty.
Master, here is the gold you sent me for.
Master, I am here to pay you a bond.
Master, if you do, expect a spoon of meat; or a long spoon.
Master, is this Mistress Satan?
Master, knock the door hard.
Master, look at you.
Master, master!
Master, do you mean that?
Master, should I be a porter at the gate?
Master, some show to welcome us to town.
Master, you looked so long on the maid, but you did not know what is going on.
Go ahead, my lord.
Master, masters, I am sure you are correct.
Please, my lord, do not speak, we charge you, let us obey you.
Masters, play here, I will be happy to help you.
Master, the duke is coming from the temple, and there are two or three more lords and ladies married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, and Ginn.
May your highness sit down.
Would you please your Majesty give us permission to give us the right to do what we are responsible for?
Can a man do it?
She may be just fake.
Can I be bold to think of these spirits?
Can I know?
I will never dream of a sanity, which is so fair, but I will never dream of a sanity.
Can I make this claim with good conscience?
Can it be done?
Can’t one speak?
Can one be pardoned and keep the offense alive?
Can she give that?
Can we go?
Can we do that?
Can you help me?
Maybe he is not well.
Maybe the letter moved him, because I think they command him home, deputing Cassio in his government.
Do you believe it?
I will feel like a pretty piece of flesh while I stand.
Me, a groat?
My library was large enough to be dukedom.
Me, uncle?
Do you mean his majesty?
Do you mean to enjoy him?
In the meantime, stop, and let yourself be slave to patience.
God grants us the support we need from you.
I would ask Romeo, if he came here as a terrible night, to help take her from her borrowed grave.
We have been grateful for your hard work.
I have been able to do you good, and be the inheritor of your desire.
Until now, have patience.
Mechanic slaves with greasy aprons, rules, and hammers will lift us to the view.
Meet me at Gratiano’s house in an hour.
Meet me at the citadel.
Meet up at the palace.
Melt Egypt into the Nile, and kindly creatures turn everything into serpents.
Some men are masters of their fates.
Men can sleep, and they can have their throats about them at that time.
Men should not walk too late.
Men will behave unadvisedly sometimes, which after hours gives them the opportunity to repent.
Men should be what they seem, or those who do not seem to be, they would not seem to be any.
Men who risk all do it in hope of good luck.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run as if it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to look and let them see.
Menas, I will not be on shore.
Mend the example, shepherd.
Mend when you can.
Mend your speech a little, so you do not have to worry about your fortune.
Mend” me, you sane fellow?
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers restrain me from the slurding thoughts that nature gives way to repose.
Mercutio, you are consorting with Romeo.
Mercutio’s heir is Count Paris.
Mercy is only about murders, pardoning those who kill.
Mercy, mercy!
He is a soldier.
It is good that the young prince will be going to London with some little train to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have received letters that young Octavius and Mark Antony come down upon us with a powerful power.
Messala, this is my birthday, as Cassius was born on this day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
I think he looks like he is in love.
I believe his words are so passionate that he believes himself.
I think I could not die anywhere as happy as in the king’s company, his cause being just and honorable.
I think I do.
I think I have a great desire to drink a bottle of hay.
I think I hear Antony call me.
I think I see my cousin’s ghost looking for Romeo, who spit his body on a rapier.
I think I see you now, you are so low as one dead in the bottom of a tomb.
I think I should know you and know this man.
I think it is like a weasel.
I think our clothes are as fresh as they were when we put them on first in Afric.
I think she should not use a long one for such a Pyramus.
Sometimes I think I am not a Christian or a normal man.
I think the ground is even.
I think the wind has spoken loudly at land, and a fuller blast has not shook our battlements.
I think they are such a gentle nation, only for the mountain of madness.
I think your voice is altered, and you are speaking better than you did.
I think you are my glass, not my brother.
I think you are getting too angry.
I think you are better spoken.
I think your mother should be your clock, like mine, and strike you home without a messenger.
I think you should have little reason for that, my mistress.
I thought I had a ghost, and I always tried to give it to my soul, but the envious flood shook my soul, and I
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Don't let it go!
I thought I would be worse than the mutines in the bilboes.
I thought the billows were talking and telling me about it, the winds sang it to me, and the thunder was singing to me.
I thought their bodies were murdered. I went to my tent and cried.
I saw a thousand fearful wracks, a thousand men who gnawed on fish, and a heap of gold.
I thought I had broken from the Tower and was embarked on a journey to Burgundy, in my company my brother Gloucester, who tempted me
Michael Cassio, Lieutenant of the Moor Othello, is coming on shore.
Michael, good night.
Milan and Naples have more widows than we bring men to comfort them.
I am sorry to think about it.
My father and I have never killed you, and neither of you have killed me.
I have to pluck it out of my ear.
I thank you, and I brought my ear to your sound.
I couldn’t see any further.
I am itching, is that a good sign of weeping?
I did not give my honor, but I was conquered.
I have beaten them to their beds.
I will be spent on my own when they are dry, for Romeo’s banishment.
I am talking about seventy senators who died by their proscriptions, Cicero being one.
Mine wasn't bridled.
I wish I were human, sir.
My fortune, and most of our fortunes tonight, will be wasted.
I am not a good cause.
You are a man, minion.
Minion, your dear is dead, and your unblest fate is coming.
Miranda, my father, I have broken your heart to say that.
Miscreant!
Miserable England, I am telling you the fearfulst time that ever wretched age has been.
Misery is familiar to a man with strange bedfellows.
Do not misunderstand me.
Do not misunderstand it.
Mistress and master, you have often asked the shepherd who complained of love who you saw sitting by me on the turf.
Mistress, do you still talk?
Mistress, both man and master are possessed.
Mistress, hurry up and get out of our court.
What do you mean by that?
Mistress, you know.
Mistress, I tell you true stories about my life.
Mistress, we have.
Mistress, what cheer?
Mistress, you have to come away to your father.
Mistress, your father asks you to leave your books and help dress your sister’s room.
Mistress!
Mistress!
The “moblèd queen” is good.
Do not bother, Enobarbus.
Modo he is called, and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
I am giving you money.
Money is your suit.
The Princess is calling for you, Monsieur the challenger.
Monster, come, put some lime on your fingers and get the rest of it out.
Monster, I smell all horse piss, which is indigning my nose.
Monster, I will kill this man.
Monster, lay to your fingers.
Monster, your fairy, which you say is harmless, has done little better than playing the jack with us.
Monstrous!
Montague!
Montjoy.
Moody?
Moon and stars!
If you are a good mooncalf, speak once in your life, if you are a good mooncalf.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
More company!
More knocking.
More and more light.
More and more light and dark and dark our sorrows.
More matters for a May morning.
More about this later.
I cannot report any more of this.
It is a little sad that the eagle is mewed while kites and buzzards are free to kill.
They will speak more, because I am determined to know the worst by the worst means.
I will do nothing to help me speak for myself.
More to know was never a part of my thoughts.
More validity, more honorable state, more courtship lives in carrion flies than Romeo.
You are more villain than you. Well, push him out of the doors and let my officers make a large impact on his house and land.
I will do more. Though I can’t do anything worth it, since my penitence is over, imploring pardon.
What is more wonderful, when angels are so angry?
More, Domitius: My lord wants you now.
More, please, more.
More, more, please, more.
Moreover, since we had to wait so long to see you, the need we have to use you caused our rush.
He has left you all his walks, his private arbors and his new-planted orchards on this side of Tiber.
Therefore, urge him to use his luxury and bestial appetite to change his lust, which stretched to their servants, daughters, wives, even where
Morton has fled to Richmond, and Buckingham, backed by the hardy Welshmen, is on the field.
My absolute lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
If you are her, you are a usurper yourself, because what you are going to give you is not yours to reserve.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am sure.
Yes, I am sure.
Yes, I am sure.
Every single day.
You are ruined by cruel, cruel Death.
The best accomplished lady, the heavens rain odors on you.
Most gracious Duke, give me a letter to my lord and let me find a letter in your voice, which will help me to be simple.
Most gracious majesty!
Very happy!
I beg the court to give the verdict.
The heat is so hot and gross!
It is a very sad day.
Most high, most powerful, and most powerful Caesar, Metellus Cimber throws a humble heart over your seat.
Most kind messenger, tell the great Caesar this in deputation: I kiss his hand.
A judge who has learned a sentence.
It is almost like a gentleman.
I am very happy.
Most people agree that we first come to words, and therefore we have our written purposes before us.
Most mighty Caesar, let me know some reason so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them so.
Most mighty duke, see a man who has been badly wronged.
Most mighty duke, please tell me to speak a word.
Most mighty sovereign, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
You are a libertine, as sensual as the sting itself, and all your savages and evils that you have caught would disgorge
It was the most miserable hour of his life that he had ever seen in his life.
You can see the monsters for poor, poor, and dolts. Let Patient Octavia plow your face with her pre-made nails
What a terrible thing, oh!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Most noble Empress, have you heard of me?
Most noble sir, come on.
What a beautiful, exquisite and unmatchable beauty. Please tell me if this is the lady of the house, because I never saw her.
Most reverend signior, do you know my voice?
The most rightful judge.
Most royal majesty, I do not want to do anything more than you have offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance is scaped.
Most savage and unnatural.
The most shallow man.
I am very happy.
It is true and vulgar.
Most sweet lady, it is a good doctrine, and there is much to say about it.
That is true.
That is true, so be sure to do it well.
Most vilely, like a pedant who keeps a school in the church.
Welcome home!
What a wonderful thing!
Motley’s the only wear.
“Moved,” in good time.
I am a young, sweating devil here, who rebels.
Goodbye, scald king, heartily.
There is a lot of breeding that, like the courser's hair, has only life, and not a serpent’s poison.
That is what I will see.
Muffle me, night, for a while.
Mum, then, and no more.
Murder and treason!
Murder is most foul, as it is in the best way possible.
Murder, murder!
Murder!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius, for pulling scarfs off Caesar’s images, are put to silence.
Music in the air.
Music like this makes you sleep.
Listen to music.
Music!
Music, moody food from us who are in love.
Should I bite?
Shouldn’t she be answered?
Is there any more work to be done?
Mustardseed.
In countries of discord, in palaces of treason, and the bond between son and father.
Mutton?
I am humble then.
My arm is sore.
My babes were destined for a better life if you had blessed you with a better life.
My back is on the other side.
My banquet is to close our stomachs up after our great good cheer.
What did I do to you when I was in Egypt?
I will do my best to do this.
My best way is to creep under his sleeve.
My bond to the Jew is forfeited.
My bones would rest in the hands of those who worked to get to this hour.
My books and instruments will be my company, so I can look and practice them myself.
I am telling you to not know me until time, and I think you are meeting up.
My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love is as deep.
My brave spirit!
My breath and blood.
My brother, Antonio, and my uncle, Antonio. I beg you, mark me.
My brother Gloucester’s voice. Yes, I know your errand.
My brother has a daughter, almost the copy of my child who is dead, and she is heir to both of us.
My brother is in Elysium.
My brother did not kill any man, but he thought he was wrong, and yet he was a bitter death.
My brother never told me to do that.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my rage.
The servants of my brother were my fellows.
I will go among the rest of the party, out of hope for all except my part.
I only wanted to get you from the martin’s home to your house, the Phoenix.
My charity is outrage, my life is shame, and in that shame I am still in rage.
My charms do not crack, my spirits obey, and time goes upright with his carriage.
I will break my charms, my senses will be restored, and they will be themselves.
My child is still a stranger in the world.
My child, my only life, go look up, or I will die with you.
My children too?
My clerk has some good comforts for you.
I am glad that old age, that ill-tempered layer of beauty, can not spoil my face more.
My countryman, but I do not know him.
My countrymen, let’s calm down!
My cousin is Signor Benedick of Padua.
My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin is a fool, and you are another.
My creditors are becoming cruel.
I curse her.
My dagger, little cousin?
My daughter, he is wedded.
My daughter tells us everything.
My daughter.
My daughter’s mother thinks about it.
My dear lord, you know the fiery qualities of the duke, how unremoveable and stable he is in his own way.
My dear master, my captain, and my emperor, let me say, before I strike this bloody stroke, goodbye.
My dear Othello!
My dear sister.
My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?
My dearest friend, please, you are going to school yourself.
My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.
I would soon be repainted.
I have done my deeds on my head.
My sane voyage is just a matter of extravagance.
I have to act alone in my terrible situation.
My door is locked.
I am mistaken for my dukedom to a beggarly man.
I cannot suffer from obeying all your daughters’ hard commands.
My duty is hushed.
I am going to both of you, the great kings of France and England.
My duty, madam, and my humble service.
My estate is very low.
My gentle cousin, welcome here.
My excellent good friends!
I will grime my face with filth, scold my loins, scold my hair in knots, and face the winds and the
My fair Bianca, welcome my father, while I welcome you with the same kindness as you.
My dear Rosalind, I am coming within an hour of my promise.
My fairy lord, this must be done quickly.
My falcon is now sharp and empty, and until she stoops, she will not be full-gorged.
My fan, Peter.
My father told you to give me a good education.
My father was surrounded with my mother under the dragon’s tail, and my nativity was under Ursa Major.
My father is dead, my fortune is for me.
My father had a daughter who loved a man as much as it could be. If I were a woman, then you should be your lord.
My father is hard at work.
My father is not dead, for all your words.
My father loved Sir Rowland as much as his soul loved him, and my father loved everything in the world.
My father was no traitor.
My father is watching.
My father, I think I see my father.
My father was led by a poor leadership.
My father is going toward the marketplace.
My father’s death has been dishonored.
My father’s loss, my weakness, all my friends’ wracks, and all the threats to this man, whom I have
My father’s love is enough to honor him.
My father's spirit is in arms.
My fault, but not my body, pardon me, sovereign.
My fool sourps my body.
My friend, your husband, honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me as much, and I did not think so.
My gentleman, Cesario?
My good friends, listen!
My good friends, I will leave you until nighttime.
My good king Eros, now your captain is even such a body.
My good lord.
My lords, I am all right.
My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire, as I am a good friend of Sir Edward Courtney and the haughty prelate, Bishop
My gracious sovereign.
My grandmother told me he was murdered there.
My hair is fading to hear her curses.
My heart is sorry for your daughter’s death, but I was honoured to say she was charged with nothing but what was true.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
My heart prays for him, even though my tongue curses him.
My hearty friends, you take me in too bad a sense because I told you for your comfort that you wanted to burn this night with torches.
My dear lord!
I am almost here when I will be forced to burn myself to the flames.
My house was at the Phoenix.
My husband is on earth, and I am in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, and often my sons were tossed for me to joy and weep about their losses.
My husband said she was false.
My husband, then?
My husband.
My husband.
My husband?
My devoted servant, Ariel.
I am fair and honest.
My kind Antonio, I can't answer anything but thanks, and thanks, and ever thanks.
My lady told me that even though she treats you like a king, she has nothing to do with your troubles.
My lady was responsible for this business.
My Lady Grey’s wife, Clarence, is the one who tempers him to this extreme.
My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
My lady is inside, sir.
My lady will hang you for your absence.
My lady would not lose him for more than I will say.
My language.
My learned lord, we ask you to proceed and explain why the law that they have in France should or shouldn't stop us from defending ourselves.
My leg is cut in two.
My leisure is for me, my pensive daughter. My lord, we have to wait for the time alone.
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.
My freedom.
My liege and madam, to expostulate what majesty should be, what duty is, why day is day, night is night,
My liege, here is a villain and a traitor who, look at your Grace, has struck the glove that your Majesty is taking out of
I am not a liar, I am not a good person to say anything, and I am not disturbed by the effects of wine, or by
My liege, they are not yet coming back.
My liege, this was my glove; here is the man of it.
My liege, your highness may help me now.
My liege.
My life is run by his compass.
I am still alive, even if you are young, and I am still looking for some favor that it loves.
I will leave my life on her faith.
I would rather die by their hate than by dying because I wanted to love you.
My life will be too short, and I will fail every single thing.
My life, sir.
My little spirit, see, sits in a cloud of frighten clouds and stays for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady, it is now our time to cry, "Good joy, good joy, my lord and lady
My lord and master love you.
My lord and you were at Mantua. I do not have a brain.
My lord is approaching.
Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who pleaded for it and deserved it.
Let him have the ring.
My Lord Bassanio, since you have found Antonio, we will leave you.
My Lord Constable, are those stars or suns on it?
My Lord High Constable, the English are within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My lord is dead.
My lord is not my lord, and I shouldn’t know him if he was as favorable as he was in humor.
My lord is often so, and he has been from his youth.
My lord, it is time to do it.
My lord of Burgundy.
My Lord of Cambridge, my kind Lord of Masham, and you, my gentle knight, give me your thoughts.
My lord of Gloucester has sent him to the country.
My Lord of Gloucester, I have been putting your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs too long.
My Lord of Norfolk, here is the most gracious liege.
You are talking about horse and armor, my lord of Orléans, and my Lord High Constable.
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon and you, Sir Walter Herbert, stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester follow Fluellen closely at the heels.
My Lord of Warwick, here comes a contagious treason to light. Look at you, as you would want in a summer’s day.
My lord Sebastian, you are talking about the truth without a lot of patience and time to speak.
My lord will never rest, I will watch him tame and talk him out of patience.
What time is it?
My lord, I know what to do.
My lord, from head to foot.
Good morning, my lord.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he has just gone away.
My lord, he is going to his mother’s closet.
My lord, his majesty told me to signify to you that he has put a great wager on your head.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I am for you, even though it cost me ten nights to watch.
My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.
My lord, I cannot.
My lord, I claim the gift, my due by promise, for which your honor and your faith are pawned.
My lord, I did intend to do it.
My lord, I did, but I did not answer it.
My lord, I do not know that I cried.
My lord, I swear. Oh, do not swear.
My lord, I have been thinking about the late request you made for me to be in.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I have been able to remember your name for a long time.
My lord, I have.
My lord, I hold my life as dear as you do yours, and I never protested in my days that I was so precious to you.
My lord, I do not know what the matter is, but I am sure your highness will not be treated with the ceremonious affection that
My lord, I will reply amazingly, half sleep, half wake up.
My lord, I am leaving.
My lord, I think I saw him there for the first time.
My lord, I assure you that we will play our part as he thinks by our true diligence that he is not less than what we say.
My lord, I will not.
My lord, I will use them like a desert.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
My lord, I will tell you that the king's self-reported bill was like in the eleventh year of the last king’s
My lord, in Athens.
My lord, Mark Antony, hearing that you were prepared for war, I heard my grieving ear, and I asked his pardon for returning.
My lord, I beg the leading of the vaward humbly on my knee.
My lord, my lord, I will not hear you.
My lord, my lord, I will prove it on his body if he dares.
My lord, my lord!
My lord, that would dishonor him.
My lord, the army of great Buckingham. Out on you, owls!
My lord, the enemy is past the marsh.
My lord, the first time I saw him, I thought he was your daughter’s brother.
My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
My lord, the queen wants to speak with you now.
My lord, the roinish clown, at whom you were so often tempted to laugh, is also missing.
My lord, there is no need for apology.
My lord, they are waiting for you to give your daughter to her husband.
My lord, this would not be true in Venice, even though I would swear I saw it.
My lord, we are on the platform where we are watching.
My lord, we were sent for.
My lord, we will not.
My lord, what will you do?
My lord, when I arrived at their home I gave them your highness’ letters.
My lord, whoever goes to the prince, for God’s sake, don’t let us two at home.
My lord, you know I love you.
My lord, you nod.
My lord, you once loved me.
My lord, you will be able to rule my mind for a moment.
My lord, your nobles, jealous of your absence, look for you in your camp.
My lord, your promise is for the earldom of Richmond.
My lord!
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord.
My lord.
My lord.
My love approves him so much that even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns have grace and favor.
I am going to teach you my love.
I think you are my love, my love.
My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!
My maid Nerissa and I will live as maids and widows.
My master calls me.
My master has appointed me to go to Saint Luke’s to ask the priest to come against you with your appendix.
My master is getting angry.
My master is the great rich Capulet. If you do not belong to the house of Montagues, please come and crush a cup of wine
My master is staying in the street.
My master will be here early morning.
My master, and my lord.
My master, not myself, has no money to pay.
My master is a very Jew.
My master’s mind.
My master’s house.
My masters, are you crazy?
My matter has no voice, lady, but to your own pregnant and vouchsafed ear.
My men should call me "lord." I am your goodman.
My mind has been as big as one of yours, my heart as great, and my reason is more important.
My mind has changed.
I have never thought of more mercenary.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
My mistress is murdered in her bed. Oh, heavens forbid!
My mistress showed me you and your dog and your bush.
My mistress is in love with a monster.
My dearest mistress, and I am humble ever.
My mistress,” I said.
I have been cudgeled over tonight, and I think I will have so much experience for my pains.
My particular concern is Fulvia’s death, and that you should protect me from the worst.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear lord!
My most exquisite Sir Topas!
My mother.
My naked sword is out.
My name is Edgar, and I am your father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
My name is Macbeth.
My lords are on their way.
I could have told you my news later.
I will give you the fruit of that great feast.
My niece already believes he is insane.
My niece Plantagenet was hung in the hand by her kind aunt of Gloucester.
My niece will take note of it, and assure you that there is no love-broker in the world who can be more than a woman
My noble brother!
My noble father, I think this is a divided duty.
My noble girls!
My noble lord, what do you say, Iago?
My noble lords and cousins, good morning.
My uncle, do you know the cause?
My nyas?
My old bones are acheing.
My old brain is troubled.
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
My other self, my council’s consistory, my prophet, my dear cousin, I will go to Ludlow.
My own flesh and blood will rebel.
My parts, my title, and my perfect soul will be able to manifest me right away.
My people already know my mind and will acknowledge you and Jessica in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My powers are growing, and my hope is that it will come to full power.
My prayers, minx?
Please, my precious Queen, give evidence to his love, which is an honorable trial.
My business is calling me away from you now.
My pretty cousins, you are mistaken for me.
I am a horse of that color.
My goals are a big draw for me.
My quaint Ariel, listen to your ear.
My Queen and Eros have given me courage in their brave instruction.
My Regan is very helpful.
I will throw it out.
I am free from any offense committed to any man.
My reputation, Iago, my reputation.
I will trust my resolution and my hands, none about Caesar.
I have been told to do my job, and I have nothing of a woman in me.
My royal cousin, do you teach our princess English?
My lord, you do not give the cheer.
I was a green man, cold in blood, and a cold man.
My servant, sir.
My services to your lordship.
I will out-tongue him.
My ships come home a month before the day.
My sickness is getting worse.
My eyes were always thick.
My sister might get it much worse to have her gentleman abused and assaulted for following her affairs. Put in his legs.
My son came into my mind, and yet my mind was scarce friends with him.
My soul tells me Hero is belied, and that Claudio will know; so will the Prince and all of them who dishonor her.
My soul is full of sorrow.
My soul is heavy, and I am afraid I will not sleep.
My soul will keep you safe from heaven.
My soul, not my child.
My sovereign lord, I beg your Highness to take our brother Clarence to your grace.
My spirits are nimble.
I am all bound up in my spirits, as in a dream.
My stomach is not constant.
My strange and self-abuse is the trigger for fear that wants to be used.
I am asking her to get some access to Desdemona.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet mistress weeps when she sees me work, and says such a sanity would never have been like executor.
My sword is drawn.
My sword, I say.
I am going to put it down so that one can smile and smile and be a villain.
My story is asking that question.
I will talk to you about how Benedick is sick in love with Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, now they will be earls, the first Scotland to be named in such an honor.
I am a hypocrite.
My uncle?
My hairs are muted because the whites are reaffirming the brown for rashness, and they are afraid and doting.
I would rather seal my death than repeat my shame to my shame.
My villainy?
My visor is the roof of Philemon, and inside the house is Jove.
My voice is in my sword.
My voice is now the king’s voice, and I look like my own.
My voice is ragged.
I am going to go home and tell his wife that, being a lunatic, he rushed into my house and took my ring away.
My lord,
My wife is coming soon.
My wife was killed too.
I will, not all the world.
My wit has deteriorated.
I am starting to turn my wits around.
My wits are faint.
My words are as peaceful as matter.
My words are dull.
My words would give her my love, and his words would give her my sweet love.
My worthy Cawdor!
My noble lord, your noble friends do not have you.
My young master is expecting your remark.
My young memory cannot parallel a fellow to it.
Myself is Naples, who, with my eyes, has never seen the king my father wracked.
I am now converted to what I am doing to you and yours.
I have letters of the same tenor.
I am the enemy I have been.
I am scolded, Heaven and fortune bar me from happy hours, and I won’t give me any light, nor night rest,
I am the man in the moon. This is the greatest error of all the rest.
I ate with him and my sister today.
Myself?
I am asleep, Iago, and do not mean anything.
Name Cleopatra, as she is called in Rome.
Name him.
Name the day of marriage, and God will give you joy.
Name them.
Tell me what part I am going to do and proceed.
Nathaniel’s coat was not fully made, and Gabriel’s pumps were unpinked on the heel.
Nature in you is on the verge of being confined to his confinement.
Nature distilled Helen’s cheek, but not her heart, Cleopatra’s majesty, and Lucretia’s modesty
Nature wants things to be strange and fancy, but imagine an Antony would be the piece of nature's own, conjuring shadows perfectly.
We will need to know the truth.
I am not a victim of their own crimes, but a victim of mine.
It has been a long time since we have been able to get everything we wanted.
No, a naughty lady, these hairs you ravish from my chin will quicken and accuse you.
No, come on, and take the chance to get angry.
No, then, I will not.
No, then, I will run.
Let the devil wear black, because I will have a suit of sables.
It is very certain, Iras.
No, it does not matter what he is saying in Latin.
It is twice two months, my lord.
If I tell you that, I will never look at you again.
If there were two such people, we would have none soon, because one would kill the other.
If you cannot smile as the wind sits, you will catch cold in the near future.
If you are a cursed hypocrite once, you have to be careful.
If you are so late, do not come to see me again.
If you do not want me to, sir, I will take my heels.
No, and I will.
No, and I am very much appreciated.
No, they do not.
Do not blush, Cleopatra.
No, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she has been wronged, she has been slandered, and she is gone.
No, but he prated and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor that I had to forbear him.
No, listen to me.
No, but his stinging spirit, which has now crept into a lute and now is governed by stops.
No, but he loves Mark Antony so much.
No, but tonight I am barring you.
No, but I know who loves him.
No, but I am sure he is doing it.
No, but swear it.
No, but the devil is mocking me.
No, but this slander of our general’s slanders is the measure.
Who is it?
No, but Ophelia, please mark.
No, by my Lady, I am not a fool to think what I list, nor do I list it to think what I can, and
No, by my Lady, I think he cannot.
No, by Saint Jamy, I hold you a penny, a horse and a man, but not many.
No, I have heard that the Ptolemies’ pyramises are very good.
No, come back, good Kate.
No, come again.
Come, please, sir, give me the necklace.
No, please.
No, come, Kate, come.
No, come on, let’s go together.
No, don’t stop, because I killed King Henry. But you have been your beauty who shook me.
Do not fight with us, good old man.
No, I will see the church on your back, and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
No, please, do not let me play a woman.
No, for a need, come near my person so far. Tell them when my mother went with a child of that insatiable Edward.
No, go ahead, old man.
No, gentle Romeo, we have to dance.
Do not prepare to go.
No, go away.
No, do not go back.
No, good goose, do not bite me.
No, lieutenant.
No, Lysander.
No, my good fellows, don’t please allow fate to grace it with your sorrows.
No, my lord, this kind of kindness is not the right breed.
No, good Sir Toby.
No, be patient.
No, guilt will speak, even if the tongues were out of use.
If I were my power, I would put the sweet milk of concord into hell, bring the universal peace to life, and scold all
No, he has a little beard.
No, he reserved a blanket, and we would all be shamed.
No, he is rubbing himself with civet.
No, he will answer the letter’s master, how he dares, being dared.
No, listen to him.
Listen to them, Antony.
No, heaven knows.
No, where are you now?
How will you do for a husband?
No, I am for all waters.
No, I am sure it is, Volumnius.
No, I am the very pink of courtesy.
I will beg it from door to door when he has lamed me.
No, please, sir, do not be out with me.
No, I do not care about their names.
No, I do not swear it.
No, I have done it.
No, I have offered everything, I have no more, and she cannot have more than what I have.
No, I have been chatting to you, my gentle love, and I have been begging you to marry Hortensio.
No, I hope so.
No, I do not know.
Please let me go.
Please tell me, with most petitionary vehemence, who it is.
No, please stay a little longer.
No, please, put on this gown and this beard.
No, I will not be able to be careful of my own wit until I break my shins against it.
No, I think it is scurvy, and I am starting to get thrown in it.
No, I will do so.
No, I will kiss you.
No, I will come.
No, I will conjure it.
No, I will go with you, cheek by cheek.
No, I will help.
No, I will never believe a madman until I see his brains.
No, if an oily palm isn’t a good idea, I can’t scratch my ear.
If we are chasing wildgoose, I am done.
If they cause any illness I will leave them at the next turn.
If you are an undertaker, I will be for you.
No, if you are trying, wait a half hour.
If you had your eyes, you could not see me.
It is possible to judge.
No, it is true, or else I am a Turk.
No, it is.
No, lay down and roar, because you have killed the sweetest innocent who ever shook the eye.
No, let him be alone.
No, let me be alone for swearing.
Let me praise you while I am eating.
Let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
No, let’s follow him.
No, I am not sure, because I am staying there for dinner.
No, more, if any of the born at Ephesus are seen at any of the syracusian marts and fairs.
Do not lay your hand on your sword.
No, do not sound.
No, not sure, in a thing that is falsing.
No, please be covered.
Please do not throw anything away.
Do not press on me.
Follow him now, so that the device does not take air and taint.
Do not convince him to hold his hands.
No, send me in time.
She is worse than that, and here she is in the habit of being a light wench.
No, stay.
No, take my life and everything.
No, he did not.
No, that would be as important as showing a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it.
No, you will not.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is not true.
No, that is not your way.
That is true, that is very true.
No, the dust would have risen to the roof of heaven, raised by your powerful troops.
No, the man who cannot be a good man, from the lark to the lamb, deserves praise for my pity.
No, their efforts are in the works.
No, then I have to get an ounce or two of this malapert blood from you.
No, she can’t choose but hate you if she bought love with such a bloody spoil.
No, then you do not love it, and all my pains are sorted to no proof.
No, then you lie.
Well, well, well, that is what happened.
No, then, good night for us.
No, then, you are mocking me.
No, then, so we came into the world like brother and brother, and now let’s go hand in hand.
No, then.
No, this was just his dream.
No, very pale.
No, we must think men are not gods, and not look for anything that suits the bridal.
No, we will all be there to fetch him.
No, we will slink away at dinner time, disguise us at my house, and return in an hour.
Do not cry, gentle Eros.
When I have a case where I want to touch your love, it will be difficult and difficult to get granted.
There is more to this.
No, you have to call me Rosalind.
No, you have to forget that.
No, you have to name his name, and half of his face must be seen through the lion’s neck.
No, you do not need to worry about us, Lorenzo.
No, you were a fragment of Gneius Pompey, and you have picked out the hotter hours, unregistered in vulgar fame.
No, you would have to speak first, and when you were graveled for lack of matter, you could take occasion to kiss.
I will bet that they are all extremely scolded.
I cannot see the day, nor sleep the night, but she tells you the truth.
Very close and on a fast foot.
Then the words are the ones that are near his heart.
You are starving in your eyes.
Do you need my help?
I was poisoned, rather, and I was deprived of my own knowledge.
Neighbors and friends, even though bride and groom want to bring the tablecloths, you know there are no junkets at the feast.
Neighbors, God hurry.
Both of us can enjoy neither of them if they remain alive.
Neither good nor bad.
Isn’t my husband or slave returning to seek his master in such a hurry?
No rhyme or reason can tell how much.
I am not to you or any one, but I am not sure what I am saying.
No, my lord.
No.
Nerissa is telling me what to believe.
The king never sighed alone, but with a general groan.
Never made anger a good guard for itself.
Never quiet.
Do not believe it.
Never came poison from such a sweet place.
We have never seen such a division in our souls.
I never did anything more joyful about the discovery of the most dangerous treason than I did at this hour.
I never knew a creature that had the shape of a man so greedy to ruin a man.
Don’t excuse. When the players are all dead, there is no reason to blame.
Do not worry about that.
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
I think you will never be alive unless you see a canary put me down.
Never king of England had nobles more loyal and rich than those who left their hearts here in England and were buried in the fields of France.
Do not make denial.
Do not tell me what you have seen tonight.
Never was a gem that was so rich in gold that it was worse than gold.
Do not talk to me.
I never saw him touch with so much anger until today.
Never speak about what you have seen.
Do not trust me, then.
Never was a monarch better feared and loved than your Majesty.
Never was this black day as this.
I never resisted myself to him until half an hour ago, when I was armed.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
Never, my lord.
Never, until Caesar's three and thirty wounds are well avenged, or until another Caesar has added a sword to the sword of traitors.
Never.
News from Verona! How are you?
I have heard that my Nell is dead in the hospital of a French malady, and that my rendezvous is completely cut off.
News, friends!
News, boys, our wars are over!
News, madam.
News from Rome, my good lord.
News, old news, and news you have never heard of.
Next month, we will meet.
Next, Cleopatra confesses your greatness, gives her your power, and asks the Ptolemies to give her heirs.
Niece, will you look at what I told you?
He is free of any questions, but he is free of any questions.
I am hanging out of my eyes for the night.
Night’s candles are extinguished, and day is a slut on the misty mountain tops.
Nine or ten times I thought he had snuck him under the ribs.
Ninus’s tomb,” man.
No, sir, but a poor man’s son.
No beast so fierce, but he knows some pity.
No better.
No ambition is enough to inspire our arms, but love is love, and our father’s right.
No, you are not a fool.
No reason, no reason.
Hero is his only child.
I am not a cocky man.
You will not be ashamed of refusing him at sea, even if you are ready for land.
No doubt he has a quiet catch.
No doubt the murdrous knife was dull and blunt until it was sprayed on your stone-hard heart.
No doubt, my liege, if each man does his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
I am not going to write an epilogue, please, because your play does not need to be excused.
No evil is lost when it is gone.
No eyes in your head, or money in your purse?
No farther than the Tower, and I guess you will be glad to see the gentle princes there.
Do not go any further, sir.
Do not go any further, sir.
Do not go then.
No grave on earth will have a pair of graves that is so famous.
No more heart in you.
No harm.
There is no doubt that there is something to doubt.
No jewel is like Rosalind.
No jutty, frieze, buttress, no sluggish vantage, but this bird has made his bed and cradle.
No king of England, if not king of France.
No man must know. If this is you, Malvolio?
No man must know. What follows?
No man born from a woman will have power on you.
No man wanted to be trusted with them.
Isn’t he marrying his subjects?
No surprise, even if he were badly affected.
She cannot be a miracle, but they can be a savage, if there is no other reason to do that.
No wonder, sir, it ruined you.
There is no masquerade tonight.
No matter how you are talking, you are not coming here.
No matter, since they left their sneezes behind, because we have stomachs.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can do your good.
No messenger except you, and we will wander through the streets tonight and see the people.
No money, I swear.
No more soldier.
No more amazement.
No more work to be done.
No more than a woman, and commanded by such poor passion as the maid who milks and does the smallest chares.
No more than that?
No more light answers.
Don’t you hear any more about drowning?
Do not worry about that.
Do not worry about that.
No more sex is possible for mine, his, and hers.
I am not mourning you more than I mourn from my soul.
No more than my residing here in Rome could be to you in Egypt.
No more than the one of Cawdor’s will fool our interest in the king’s death.
Do not wait with me.
Do not say any more.
No more, cousin.
Do not wait, please.
Do not wait, please.
No more, no more.
Do not worry about it anymore.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
There is no news about them.
Do not make noise, and enter.
No job.
No offense in the world.
No pain, sir.
No way.
No place will please me, no death penalty will be imposed, as Caesar and you will cut off the choice and master spirits of this age.
No port is free, no place that guards and vigilance are not watching me.
No seconds?
No shame except mine.
No slander.
No sovereignty, but he is going to be king on it.
No one like you, if you mean me.
No, I see.
No warmth, no breath will test your life.
No watch?
No way but gentleness, gentleness, gentleness.
No woman’s heart is so big, to hold so much.
It is no wonder, my lord.
No wonder, sir, but certainly a maid.
No words can sound like that.
No words.
No, it is time to know, but now I promise you.
No, it is not as deep as a well or as wide as a church door, but it will serve.
No, it was the vane on the house.
No, I found it, and I gave it to my husband.
No, and she swears she never will.
No, Antony, take the lot.
No, as I am a Christian.
No, I will be saved.
No, do not believe me.
No, boy.
No, but she let it drop by negligence and, to my advantage, I was here, took it up.
No, but the barber’s man has been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek has already stuffed tennis balls.
No, I will go to the gate, and the devil will meet me like a cuckold with horns on his head, and say,
No, by my honor.
No, by my life and soul.
No, no.
No, no.
No, by this hand.
No, by this heavenly light.
No, Caesar has not.
No, Caesar will not.
No, Caesar, we will answer to their charge.
No, Cassio is not killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No, Corin, you can't guess, even though you were as true a lover in your youth as ever sighed on a midnight pillow.
No, cousin, I will go to Fife.
No, coz, I would rather cry.
No, dear Queen, because we intend to dispose of you as you will advise us.
No, fair princess.
No, please, die by a lawyer.
No, please do not hate him for my sake.
No, I will not stay a jot longer.
No, please, lords and great men will not let me.
No, I do not wish a man from England.
No, I am not a joke.
No, because I think he is not worthy of the place he is doing those things.
Do not be afraid.
No, good mother.
No, great king.
It has, hasn’t it?
No, he is only mistaken the truth.
No, he is the best man in Athens.
He is a man who has a gentleman to his son, because he is a mad man who sees his son as a gentleman to him.
No, he is in a terrible situation, worse than hell.
No, heavens forbid, I would not kill your soul.
No, his mouth has stopped.
No, I am a Welshman.
No, I have been promised to go.
No, I do not know you, and I am not sent to you by my lady to tell you to speak with her.
No, please, speak soberly.
No, I swear, I do not know what is going on.
No, I am sure you are.
No, I assure your Grace, you will not bet he is going to be a second, who has so kindly persuaded him to be a second
No, I went round to work, and my young mistress said that so: “Lord Hamlet is a prince out of your star.
No, I will be the model of patience.
No, I will go find some ditch where I will die.
No, I will not give my physic advice to those who are sick.
No, I will not.
No, I will not cry anymore.
No, I will not cry.
If you do not have any more words, you will get out of here.
No, they are not.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, indeed, sir.
No, it is back.
No, it is Casca, one who is a part of our efforts.
It is not possible to love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it is struck.
It is yours, my self’s better part, my eyes’ clear eye, my dear heart’s dearer heart,
No, Kate?
No, lad.
No, lady.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
Let me know, and knowing what I am, I know what she will be.
No, do not let me.
Let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp and crook the pregnant knees where the fawning can be ruined.
No, madam, he is only smiling.
No, madam, I am only reading madness.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, madam.
No, make it two more.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not me.
No, my dear love, I would not want to go for the world.
No, my fair cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord, I did not see anything.
No, my lord, not me.
No, my lord, unless I could have another for work days.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my most wronged sister.
No, my noble lord.
No, my profound heart.
No, no, he will reign by God’s grace.
No, no, I do not dare for my life.
No, no, he is gone.
No, no, I am as ugly as a bear, because beasts who meet me run away from me for fear.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they would not.
No, no, we will keep it as a dream until it is a reality.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, none that you have enough wit to make.
No, I neither, but it is wonderful that she is so sane about Signor Benedick, whom she has always seemed to abhort
No, and I am not.
No, and I am not afraid.
No, not a denier.
No, not a grize.
No, not a moment.
No, not an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for Venice.
He is not, even though his face is better than any man’s, but his leg is more than any man’s,
No, not much moved.
No, not so, villain, you are the one who is cheating yourself.
No, not until a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I have kept me from the cup.
No, please, good Meg, I will wear this.
No, please, let it serve as a table talk.
No, please.
I will go to Benedick and advise him to fight against his passion.
No, since then.
No, sir, it is a grainy thing, but Noah’s flood did not do it.
No, sir, God forbid, but be ashamed to kiss.
No, sir, I am living by the church.
No, sir, I say his horse comes with him on his back.
No, it is legs and thighs.
No, sir, no.
No, sir, the worse.
No, sir.
Some of it is for my child’s father.
No, sir.
Let me judge how deep I am in love.
No, you will not be able to wait until you take her hand before this friar and swear to marry her.
No, you proud dream, that play is so subtly played with a king’s repose.
No, even though you are calling yourself a hotter name than anyone is in hell.
No, your words are too precious to be cast away on a cursor.
No, I am going to my cabin.
No, their friends were wrong to their lives.
No, to Whitefriars.
No, I am not, even though I have been her bedtime for twelve months.
No, really, but in a friendly recompense.
The truest poetry is the most feigning, and lovers are given to poetry, and what they swear in poetry can be said as lovers.
No, unless you are hard-favored, because honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey as a sauce to sugar.
No, really.
No, really.
Do not trust me, sir, and I am sure you do.
No, uncle, but our crosses on the way have made it tedious, tired, and heavy.
No, uncle, I will not.
No, do not bother me here.
No, we will have to be adamant with him.
No, wench!
No, you will paint when you are old.
No, you will pardon me.
No, you snore.
No!
No?
No?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No sickness should stop me.
Noble captain, come.
The noblest of men, don’t you die?
Nobody is coming?
Nobody is talking about you.
Nobody.
Go to him, elves, and do him courtesies.
No, no.
She is not a holy hermit and her maid.
No one except friends.
He is not the fool, who is trying to hurt his heart.
No one can be called deformed, but the unkind.
None of them is offending.
No good, my liege, to please you with the hearing, and no bad news can be reported.
I do not know him in the world, and I do not know him.
None of these rogues and cowards except Ajax is their fool.
I know nothing about it, but I am afraid it will happen.
I do not love anything more than myself.
No, Brutus, no.
No, but your beauty.
No, man.
No, my lord.
No.
No one.
This forest does not have any worlds of business, because you are all the world.
I did not hear anything, or suspect anything.
You cannot do it for you.
Do not go either.
Love’s mind does not taste any judgment. Wings and no eyes are rushing.
I have never seen anything more men than you, my dear father, my friend.
Heaven and earth have never been peaceful.
I do not know where I stayed last night.
I do not, by this heavenly light.
I do not.
I do not.
I do not know, Regan. Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father a childlike job.
I am not, my lord.
I am not, my lord.
I am not, my lord.
I am not.
I am not.
I am not.
No, I am not in yours, Lord.
He is not dead, for what I can tell.
I do not know that he is well and will be here soon.
I do not know anything about what I am saying or doing, unless I am not a good man, and to defend ourselves is a sin.
We should not be given up in this.
No one else.
There is no one here, because curses never pass the lips of those who breathe them in the air.
I hope there aren’t any people who live there.
You do not have any word for her in your letters?
I am not my daughters.
Or send you out of your way?
He will not wait until the need is met.
A stony tower, beaten walls, a dungeon, or a strong iron ring can be retracted to the strength of spirit.
Do not use tears or prayers to make money.
I am not doing anything by water.
I will not do anything tomorrow.
He will not.
You will not tell me who you are.
You will not be tempted to tender less.
We would not deign him until he was buried at Saint Colme's Inch for ten thousand dollars.
You are not loyal, as we are.
I am sure there is no force in eyes that can hurt you.
Norfolk, we have knocks, ha, shouldn’t we?
Normans, but bastard Normans, Norman bastards!
Noses, ears, and lips.
Not a drop before.
We are not a dump, we are not.
Not a false gallop.
No hair died.
Don’t jot more, my lord.
Not a joke, not a joke.
Not a mouse.
Not a soul, but a man felt a fever of the madness and played some tricks of desperation.
Not a whit, Touchstone.
Not a moment.
Not a moment.
Not a word from me.
Not a word.
Not all the dukes of a sandy Burgundy can buy this precious maid from me.
Not altogether, sir.
Not being Fortune, he is just Fortune’s king, a minister of her will.
Not being the worst is a good example.
I am not black, even though my legs are yellow.
Not Caesar’s valor has thrown Antony, but Antony’s triumph has ruined itself.
Not Cassio killed.
Are you dead?
I would not be guilty of such a serious sin for all this land.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
Not for the wide world.
Not for your fairy kingdom. Fairies, let’s go!
Not having the one that makes them short.
Not the one who isn't, Mark Antony.
I am not the one who chides you at any hand.
I am not in presence.
I love Hermia, but Helena.
I am not so honest, my lord, but I will not be dishonest.
I have only been there for you to wait.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, I have to find him.
Not me, my lord, by heaven.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, sir.
I will not, unless the groans’ breath is a mist that screams me away from the search of eyes.
Not me.
Not in the stocks, fool.
Not if the small ones come first.
Not in a grave, to lay one in a grave, another out to have.
I cannot do anything but what is honest.
Are you not in love?
Not in my house, Lucentio, because you know Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Not in the throne of horrid hell can make a devil more than Macbeth can make a fortune.
He will not be killed in this land.
Do you know me yet?
I do not know my voice.
Not life, but love in death.
Not insane, but bound more than a madman is. Shut up in prison, kept without food, whipped and tormented.
Do not listen to you anymore.
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You are not on your sole, but on your soul, harsh Jew, you are making your knife look like a king.
Not once, or twice, but twenty times you have.
Not one to throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
I will never give you the sweet sleep that you owed yesterday.
Not possible.
You are not proud of me, but you are thankful for you.
Not sad, my lord.
Have you seen him since?
Do you not shine today?
I am not sick, my lord, unless I am thinking about it, or well, unless I am thinking about it.
Not so happy, but much happier.
Not so hot.
She is not so sick, my lord, as she is troubled with a series of fancies that keep her from resting.
I am not so young, sir, to love a woman for singing, or so old to dote on her for anything.
Not true, I beg your Majesty.
Not true, my lord.
Not true, my lord.
Not true, neither.
Not true, neither.
Not true, not true.
Not so, sir, I care about something.
Not true.
Not stingy too?
I will not be able to talk about the imperious show of the full-fortuned Caesar ever.
Not that Adam who kept the Paradise, but that Adam who keeps the prison.
Not that I know.
Not that I do not love you.
Not that we love words better than you do.
Not the one you received from me.
Not this, but the marriage bed.
Not until God makes men of some other metal than earth.
Not until you have slept.
I do not know.
Not to be endured.
Not to his father’s house.
Not to kill him, but to be damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend me.
Oh, Lord, do not think about the fault my father made in compassing the crown.
Not tonight, Iago.
Not too fast!
I have met him often, and he has bought the cottage and the bounds that the old carlot once was master of.
Not us.
Not when I saw it.
Not where he eats, but where he eats.
Not with salt tears.
Not old enough for a man, or young enough for a boy.
Not yet quite dead?
Not yet, cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet. The hour is now here.
Not?
Notable pirate!
Take note of him, good Charmian, it is the man, but take note of him.
Please note if your lady is putting on a sex act.
Note that I do not have a note of mine that is worthy of mention.
Nothing at all.
You are going to suffer her to slander me like this?
Nothing but sit and sit and eat.
Nothing but death songs.
Nothing but this: you are true to me.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Nothing more than that.
Nothing could have subdued nature to such a lowness, except his unkind daughters.
Nothing will stop you from letting your lord be abused.
Nothing in his life made him feel like leaving it.
Nothing is good, I see, without respect.
Nothing can be done between me and the full potential of my hopes.
Nothing I respect, my gracious lord.
Nothing is that.
Nothing will come from nothing.
Nothing, but this is true.
Nothing, good monsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch.
Nothing, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
No, my lord. I do not know what.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, unless you render her again.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Regardless, use your pleasure.
Now I am going to put Cassio in some action that could offend the island.
A little fire in a wild field would look like an old lecher’s heart.
Now everything is fine.
Now all the work is going on.
All the blessings of a happy father, come on.
Now all the plagues that plagues your daughters have been blown away by men’s faults are now a threat!
Now all the young men of England are on fire, and there is a silky dalliance in the wardrobe.
Now I am dead.
Now I am Dromio and his man, unbound.
Now Antony must leave her completely.
Now we are ready to know the pleasure of our fair cousin Dauphin.
Now you are my lieutenant.
Now you are Romeo.
Now you are sociable.
Now, tell me that those who called fathers were getting you.
Now boast you, Death, that you have a lass that is unparalleled.
Now by my George, my Garter, and my crown, I have been dishonored, and the third usurped.
Now, by my life, old fools are babies again and must be used as flatteries when they are seen abused.
Now civil wounds are stopped, and peace is back.
Now you are getting the blood out of your cheeks.
Now I could drink hot blood and do so, as the bitter day would be to look on.
If you can’t, do not lie, for shame, don’t lie.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now I see it is true.
Now you know the reason for this rush.
Now I am going to a head.
Edmund, where is the villain?
Now imagine a time when a creeping murmur and the darkening of the universe fills the vast vessel.
Goodbye, good sir.
Now I am afraid I will start again.
If you dare, try to find out who is most in Helena.
Now go out, Lord Constable and all princes, and quickly tell us about England’s fall.
Now I am a constant smoky man.
Now go on your way.
Now go to the door and stay there until we call.
Now we are happy to be free, not banishment.
God bless you!
Now gods that we love, where is this coming from?
Now I have done a good day’s work.
Now he is starting the story.
Now he denies it faintly, and laughs it out.
Now he is importing him to tell him what he is doing.
Now he is a praying man.
Now he tells me how she plucked him to my room.
Now he will outseat the lightning.
Now heaven has all.
God help him!
Now heaven is on earth.
Now I am alone.
Now I am coming.
Now I start: Imprimis, we came down a foul hill, riding behind my mistress, both of them on one horse.
Now I am changing my mind and taking credit for things that are not a good idea.
Now I am feeding myself with the most delicious poison.
Now I have to send humble treaties to the young man who dodges and scolds the sluggish world, making and sluggish fortunes.
Now I see that all three of them have teamed up to make this false sport, in spite of me.
Now I see, I see, in Fulvia’s death how my death will be.
Now I will believe that unicorns exist, that in Arabia there is one tree, the phoenix’s throne, and one phoenix
Now I will tell you without asking.
Now, Gratiano, you give your wife a reason to be unkind.
Now, it is in the fields, and it is pleasing to me, but it is not in the court, it is tedious.
Now he is a man for the numbers.
Now it is Rome, and there is enough room to go, when there is only one man in it.
Now it is time to arm.
Now is the day we have long been looking for.
Now the sun is shining on the highest hill of this day’s journey, and from nine to twelve she is three hours long.
Now is the time for help.
Now we have been ruined by this son of York, and all the clouds that shook our house in the deep ocean are buried.
Now, in his next piece of hair, send a beard to you.
Now that I know you, Casca, I have already moved some of the best Romans to take me to a dangerous and honorable event.
Now let it work.
Let me see if I can consecrate it.
Let your friendly hand put strength enough to do it.
Let’s catch it.
Now he is there, and none of those poor who can do him reverence are so poor.
Now Lord, thank you for my good work.
Margaret’s curse has fallen on our heads when she exclaimed on Hastings, you, and I, for standing by when Richard stabbed her.
Now Mercury will end up with a lease, because you are talking well about fools.
Now I can do it.
Now I have to go to the monument alone.
Now the world must point at poor Katherine and say, “Lo, there is mad Petruchio’s wife, if it would
Now you must be my friend, and you must put me in your heart for a friend.
Now my charms are all gone, and what strength I have is my own.
Now I am going.
Now it is near enough.
Now you are dead.
Romeo is now beloved and loves again, as if he was beaten by the charm of looks, but he is supposed to complain to his foe.
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, hold the breath hard and bend every spirit to his height.
My friend Petruchio will give me grace and offer me disguised in sober robes to old Baptista as a schoolmaster who is well seen in
Now you will see the other.
Now she is not holding me.
Now she is gone for forever. You should stay a little longer.
Now show me the wound my eye has made in you.
Now, judge yourself whether I am a good man to love the Moor.
Now, who is so pregnant and unforced in the degree of this fortune?
Now sit close to this taper and ask for our necessities.
Now the wind is shining, and we will be on board.
Now the late traveler is rushing to get the inn and is approaching the subject of our watch.
“Take them up,” he said, “if any list is available.” He shook and shook, for why he
Tell me how long you want her to live after you have possessed her.
Now the moon is a fleeting moon.
Now the witch will take me if I said it like that.
Now they are my men.
Now they believe it and want me to be revenged on Rivers, Dorset, Grey.
Now I will prove my title to you with my courage.
Now go to you.
Now we are talking about our intentions, and our voice is imperial.
Now welcome, Kate, and bear me witness that I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
He will sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress were the kind of fruit that maids call medlars when they laugh alone.
Now I will go take some order to get Clarence’s brats out of sight and to give the order that no one can ever take
Now I will ask Cassio of Bianca, a huswife who sells her desires to buy bread and clothes.
Now I will go to the chink to spy on me so I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Now I would give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground.
Now you are talking about a sheet of paper, I remember a joke your daughter told me.
Now you are in a good mood.
God, I am so angry that every part of me is a slander.
Now, Antony, we are ready to do what we want.
Now, as I am a Christian, tell me what safe place you have given me, or I will break that merry sconce of yours.
Now, as you love me, let me see his letter.
Now, as you are a Roman, tell me true.
Now, Balthazar, as I have ever found you true, let me find you still.
If you can serve where you are condemned, then you can come to your master, whom you love, who will find you full of labor.
Now, I have my father’s ambition.
Now, by Apollo, King, you swear your gods are in vain.
Now, by heaven, my blood begins to guide me to rule, and my passion is as strong as I can lead the way.
Now, by my holidam, here comes Katherina.
Now, by my hood, I am a gentle man.
I told her to come.
Now, by my mother’s son, and that is me, it will be moon, or star, or whatever I list, or
Now, by my sword, and my target.
I wish I had a chance to remember my uncle’s growth, even if he touched mine.
By Saint George, I am too young for you.
By Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, he will not make me a joyful bride here.
Now I will, if I believe in my love.
Now, by the holy mother of our Lord, the citizens are mums, do not say a word.
Now, by the world, it is full of evil evils.
Now, by the world, it is a lusty woman.
I swear, I swear, I am not referring to the term, and I will never keep a lodger.
By the time I am in heaven, I swear to you in the respect of a sacred vow.
Now, Catesby, what does his grace say?
Now, Catesby, what does your lord say to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Now, Cinna, now, Metellus. What, Trebonius? I have an hour to talk about you.
Now, Parthia, you have been struck, and now the fortune of Marcus Crassus’ death makes me revenger.
Now, if the sun advances his burning eye, the day to cheer and the night’s dew to dry, I must fill this
Now, Eros.
Now, please, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what is there?
Now, fellows, you are welcome.
Now, because I know that the Breton Richmond is looking at young Elizabeth, my brother’s daughter, and by that knot she looks
Hortensio is worried about his widow for my life.
Now, for my life, she is wandering to the Tower, on pure heart’s love, to greet the tender prince.
Now, get ahead of your story. Prince, stand farther away.
Now, gods, stand up for bastards!
Good Metellus, go with him.
Now, my lord, lie here and rest for a while.
Good sir, what are you doing?
Now, good sweet Nurse, why are you looking so sad?
Now, herald, are the dead dead?
Please, daughter, do not make me mad.
Now I will stand to it, the pancakes were naughty and the mustard was good, and the knight wasn’t forsworn.
If these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment, even though they can outstrip men, they have no wings to fly from God
If you are a poet, I would have some hope that you feigned.
If you are a woman, answer this question.
If you love me, stay.
Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio, I think you have the shrewdest of all.
Now, infidel, I have you on the hip.
Now, Iras, what do you think?
Most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly so that we can lead our loyal servants to age.
Listen to music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn.
Now, my friends and brothers in exile, hasn’t old tradition made this life sweeter than the one of painted pomp?
Now, my dearest Queen, please stand farther away from me.
My friendly king, I thank you.
Now, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what should we do if we think Lord Hastings will not give up on our lords?
Now, my lord.
Now, Titania, wake up, my sweet queen.
Now, out of doubt, Antipholus is insane.
Now, princely Buckingham, seal this league with your embraces to my wife’s allies and make me happy.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?—Oh, unhappy girl!—With the Moor, say you?
Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you going with my daughter?
Now, Signior, what news do you have?
Now, Signior, where is the Count?
What are you doing here, sir?
Now, soldiers, march away and you will be glad to be here.
Now, sweet lord, you know what I am going to do.
The next day was our sea fight, and you know what happened to this.
We will use his countenance for the battle, which is done, and let her who would be rid of him devise his rapid take off.
Good night to your bones!
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice comes, as we look at this alley up and down, we must only talk about Benedick.
Now, if I were a little pot and soon hot, my lips would freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth,
Now, what is the news on the Rialto?
Now, where is my wife?
Now, where is your master?
Now.
Nurse, please give my praise to your lady and mistress.
Nurse, where is my daughter?
Nurse, will you go with me into my closet to help me sort out the needy ornaments you think I will need tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, you have said the right thing.
Oh, all you host of heaven!
Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony!
Please do not beg us to die.
Oh, Antony, Oh, you Arabian bird!
You are mine of bounty, how would you have paid my better service, when you are crowning my throne with gold?
Oh, Antony!
Oh, yes, our royal master has been murdered!
Oh, bear me witness, night. What man is this?
It is a bitter consequence that Edward still has to live as a true noble prince.
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Oh, Richard!
Death is black.
Bottom, you have changed!
Oh, vile and furious wight, the grave is gaping, and death is near.
Oh, brave monster!
It is a brave new world, that has such people in it.
What a brave touch!
Oh, brother Montague, give me your hand.
Oh, Brutus!
I suggest you read mine first, because mine is a suit that touches Caesar closer.
Oh, Caesar!
Oh, calm submission!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Cassio, when did this come from?
Oh Cassius, Brutus gave the word too early, who, having some advantage over Octavius, rushed it too eagerly.
Oh Cassius, Pindarus will run away from this country, where never Romans will notice him.
Oh Cassius, I am sick of many griefs.
If you could only win the noble Brutus to our party, then be content.
Oh, ceremony, show me your worth!
Oh Charmian, I will never go out of here.
I have seen the storms when the storms rived the knotty oaks, and I have seen the rage and rage of the oceans being exalted
Oh Cleopatra!
Oh, Clitus!
Oh, come, Ventidius.
Oh, nice Friar!
Are you ashamed to show your dangerous brow by night when evils are free?
You knew how I love her.
Oh cousin, cousin!
Oh, coward conscience, how do you affect me?
Oh, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that you knew how many people I love.
That is cruel!
Oh, cursed, cursed slave!
Oh, dainty duck!
Oh, Iago!
Oh, Dardanius!
It is day and night, but this is a strange thing.
The day has turned out to be over.
It is a deadly sin.
Oh, what a good choice he is doing!
I am going to do your business.
Oh, Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers.
If you ever meet in a fresh cheek the power of fancy, you will know the wounds that love’s keen arrows make.
I would say I had eyes again.
Oh dear!
Oh, you dolt!
The blood drink revenges his death.
Oh, earth!
Oh, eastern star!
Oh, what an excellent device, and make a sop of him.
Oh, what an excellent motion!
He is a great young man.
He is a great young man.
If you love me in a way that is a good way to speak, I will be glad to hear you confess it in a broken English language
Oh, Fates, come, come, cut thread and thrum.
Oh flesh, flesh, how you have sprayed.
Good luck, luck!
Men use that word in hell.
It is not for you to hear what I can say. I would murder as if I were in a woman’s ear.
Please do not put me to it, because I am nothing, if not critical.
God of battles, steel my soldiers' hearts.
Did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
Oh God, Horatio, what a wounded name I will have to live behind me, and the unknown things that are still alive.
I have a bad-divining soul.
Oh God, she comes. What news do you have?
Oh God, you are the only jig-maker.
Oh God!
Oh God, how can this be prevented?
God’s lady, are you so hot?
Oh Goneril, you are not worth the dust that the rude wind blows in your face.
Oh, Antonio, forgive me for your trouble.
Good old man, how good you feel about the constant service of the antique world, when you are sweating for duty, not for meeting.
Sir Toby, stop!
Oh, oh, oh!
You have cleft my heart in two.
Oh Hamlet, what a fall there was!
Oh, happy dagger, this is your sheath.
Oh, happy, fair!
Happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
It is hard to believe, twin-born with greatness, and subject to the breath of every fool.
Oh, Harry’s wife, do not triumph in my sorrows.
I hated potion, come on!
Oh heaven, Oh earth, witness this sound and crown what I profess with kindness.
Oh, heavenly lord!
Oh heavens, that such companions would be able to escape, and put in every hand a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world
Oh heavens, they were both living in Naples, the king and queen there.
Oh heavens!
Oh heavens!
What a sad day!
What a terrible deed!
Oh, hell-kite!
What are we doing here?
Oh, holy Friar, tell me, where is my lady’s lord?
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
It is a terrible thing, Iago.
Oh, Iago!
The wind of misfortune is ill-tempered.
Oh, ill-starred wench, pale as your smock!
It is illegitimate construction.
Oh, infinite virtue, are you smiling from the world’s great snare?
Oh, you inhuman dog!
What a terrible and touching loss.
Iras, Charmian!
Oh, Isis, it is impossible.
Oh Juliet, I know your grief already.
Oh, Julius Caesar, you are still mighty!
Jupiter, how tired my spirits are!
Oh, Kate, please.
Oh Kate, nice customs are a slur for great kings.
Oh, knight, you do not have a cup of canary.
Oh, lady, speak again.
Oh, sad day!
Oh life!
Oh, a limod soul who is struggling to be free, and is more engaged.
Oh Lord, he will hang on to him like a disease.
Oh Lord, I could have stayed here all night to hear good advice.
Oh Lord, I have to laugh.
Oh Lord, Lord, it is hard for friends to meet, but mountains can be removed by earthquakes and so encounters.
Oh Lord, I thought about how painful it was to drown, the dreadful sound of water in my ears, and how ugly I felt.
Oh Lord, my lord, if they were only a week old, they would talk themselves crazy.
Oh Lord, they are fighting!
Oh Lord!
If you keep your promise, I will end this fight and become a Christian and your loving wife.
Oh love!
Oh, madam, madam, madam!
Oh, madam, my old heart is cracked, it is cracked.
Oh Margaret, Margaret, now your curse is lighted on the poor Hastings wretched head.
Yes, masters, if I were willing to stir your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I would do Brutus wrong, Cassius
Oh, my heart, my rising heart!
Oh, my, Oh my!
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Oh mercy, God!
Oh, mighty Caesar!
The mischief is causing a strange blow.
You are rushing to enter into the thoughts of desperate men.
Oh, mistress, villainy has made mocks with love.
Oh, the precious grace of mortal men, which we are more searching for than the grace of God.
Oh, what a monstrous world!
Oh, monstrous, monstrous!
Oh, what a bloody sight!
What a courageous day!
Oh, my dear mistress, I will be ready to go.
What a false love!
Oh, what a happy hour!
She is the most dangerous woman.
What a sad day!
What a terrible strumpet!
Oh, what a wicked fiend!
Oh, murderous slumber, are you putting your lead mace on my boy who plays you music?
My brave Emperor, this is really a battle!
Oh, my brother’s child!
Oh my Christian ducats!
My daughter, Fled with a Christian.
Oh, my dear lord, do not think I am flattering you.
My dear niece, welcome to me, even my daughter, welcome in no less than a degree.
Oh Orlando, I am so sad to see you wear your heart in a scarf.
Oh my follies!
Do not believe everything, or if you have to believe it, do not shake everything.
Oh, my good master!
Oh, my heart!
My lord, my lord, forgive my fearful sails!
Oh, my lord!
Oh, my poor Rosalind, do you want to go?
My son, my son.
My son, what is the theme?
What did you do in hell when you bowed to the spirit of a fiend in such a sweet flesh?
No, my reasons are too deep and dead. Too deep and dead, poor infants, in their graves.
Oh, noble Caesar!
Oh, noble Emperor, do not fight by sea!
That is noble English, who could entertain with half their forces the full pride of France and let another half stand laughing by, all out of work
Oh, noble fool!
You are a noble judge.
Think about your birth, call home your ancient thoughts from banishment, and banish from leaving these lowly dreams.
I can see all the unfortunate consequences of this fatal brawl.
Oh, noble sir!
Oh, a notable strumpet!
Oh, nuncle, courting holy water in a dry house is better than letting this rain out of the door.
It is shameful.
Oh, woman, you stone my heart, and you are calling what I intend to do a murder.
Oh, perjured woman!
Oh, Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
What a terrible spectacle!
The plague has been prevented.
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
Oh, what a good thing!
What feast is your eternal cell, that you have so many princes killed at a shot so bloodyly?
Oh, Pyramus, come on!
I have dreamed of a fearful dream.
Oh, Regan, Goneril, your old kind father, whose frank heart gave everything. That is the way madness lies.
Oh, Regan, she has tied her wits with a sharp-toothed unkindness.
Oh Regan, will you take her by the hand?
Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Oh, Romeo, Romeo!
Oh, royal Caesar!
Oh, rude unthankfulness.
Oh Scotland, Scotland!
Oh, serpent heart hid with a flowering face.
Oh Setebos, these are brave spirits!
That is simple.
What a sinful thought!
Oh, sir, please.
Oh, sir, go fly this place.
I do, and I will repute you as my patron of my life and my liberty.
Please pardon me.
Yes sir, such a life with such a wife was strange.
To wilful men, the injuries they themselves get must be their schoolmasters.
Yes, sir, very well. Here in your orchard.
Yes sir, you are old.
Oh, sir, you are too sure you are an augurer.
Consider: those who set you up to do this deed will hate you for the deed.
Oh, sisters three, come to me with hands as pale as milk.
It is a slanderous world.
Oh, you are soft, sir.
In spite of spites!
Oh Stephano, isn’t that all this?
Oh Stephano, two Neapolitans have escaped!
Oh, sun, I will not see any more.
Oh sweet bully Bottom!
Oh sweet mistress, speak.
Oh, Portia, here are some of the unpleasant words that ever blotted paper.
Oh, the blessed gods!
These deliberate fools!
This learning is what it is.
Oh, you bloody prison, ominous and fatal to noble peers.
Oh, you dull Moor!
You thief, where have you stowed my daughter?
How will I live and work to match your goodness?
Oh, you invisible spirit of wine, if you have no name to be known by, let’s call you the devil!
Oh, you sane caitiff!
Oh, you are a public servant!
You weed, who is so lovely and smells so sweet that the sense aches at you, would never have been born.
You, whose captain I am referring to, look at my forces with a gracious eye.
You have to break this up, not me.
The extreme times, have you cracked and split my tongue in seven short years so that my only son does not know my sluggish ear?
They are traitors, villains.
Until I found it true, I never thought it possible or likely.
Oh, treachery!
Oh, true, good Catesby.
I had the best friend I had.
I thank you for the fact that this savage savage is a savage savage who treats his mother with disrespect.
Oh, my valiant cousin!
Oh, vassal!
Oh, revenge!
You have stolen both my job and my name.
Oh, villain, villain, smiling!
Oh, villain, villain!
Oh, villain!
Oh, bad luck!
Oh, weary night, Oh, long and tedious night, and leave your hours.
Nature, did you frame lions?
Oh, a wicked wall that I do not see bliss.
Oh wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
You are a wise and upright judge.
What a terrible thing!
Oh, sad day, sad day!
What a sad day!
I am sorry, terrible sympathy.
What a sad time.
Oh, sad, sad day!
Oh, a wonderful son who can really amaze a mother!
Oh wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful, and yet again wonderful, and after that, out of all whooping!
Oh gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Oh immortal gods!
Oh gods!
Oh, you mighty gods, I renounce this world, and in your eyes I will leave my great affliction.
Oh, sir, you, come here.
Oh, young and noble Cato, are you down?
It is a parlous boy, baffling, quick, ingenious, and capable.
It was the worst thing to kill that woman, and the worst thing that ever happened to me.
Please, go away.
It is as if his majesty had the intention of naming you in the Tower.
Oh, just one word.
Please, I beg you, you will never talk about him again.
Oh, cleave my sides!
Come in, equivocator.
Thank you for your mercy, sir. Tom is a cold.
Do not do your cousin such a wrong!
Do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
Goodbye, honest soldier.
Do not worry about me.
I am a savage, I am a savage.
Oh, for my beads!
Please forgive me for my sins.
The duke of Gloucester is a dangerous man, and the queen’s sons and brothers are proud and proud, and if they were
Oh, gentlemen, see, see dead Henry’s wounds open their mouths and bleed afresh!
Please let me go.
Do not give a bad voice to slander music more than once.
Yes, sir, I do.
It has changed me since you saw me last time, and careful hours with time's deformified hand have written strange deformities in my face.
If the gods did that, I would not have called them merciless to us.
He is insane, Laertes.
He was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
Help him, you sweet heavens!
Oh, how this mother swells up toward my heart!
How wonderful it is to see your wit restored!
Oh, I die, Horatio.
If I thought that, I would beat him like a dog.
If you are the same Egeon, speak and speak to the same Emilia.
If you count the noblest of your strain, young man, you would not die honorably.
In the battle, think about Buckingham and die in terror of your guilt.
Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s purse.
I know, my name has been lost.
Oh, lady, lady, shame would have it hidden.
Let her live, and I will corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, slander myself as false to Edward’s bed.
Let him pass.
Do not let it be.
Let me kiss that hand!
Let me make the time for my curse.
Do not let me be mad, not mad, sweet heaven!
Let me speak.
Let me think about Hastings and go to Brecknock while my fearful head is on.
Let’s have him, because his silver hairs will buy us a good opinion and buy men’s voices to praise our actions.
Make them joyful.
My fair cousin, I cannot say that.
Oh, my lord, you said that idle weeds are growing fast.
My old master, who has bound him here?
Oh, my poor brother!
Do not name him.
Never will sun shine that morning.
No, he loves me, and he loves me.
Oh, no!
I need the priest who said to me.
Let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true successors of each royal house, join together, by God’s fair ordinance, and let their heirs be
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh.
One of you is too much!
Please forgive me for bringing these bad news, since you left it for my job.
Oh, preposterous and frantic outrage, end your damned spleen, or let me die, to look at death.
Oh, quicken them with yours!
Do not reason the need.
You should reform it altogether.
Oh, rejoice beyond a common joy, and set it down with gold on long pillars.
God, remember to hear her prayer for them, as for us now.
Please, serve me well, and teach yourself that duty.
The woman who could have killed you by strangling you in her womb, from all the slaughters you have done, you have done.
Oh, she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence, and railed at herself that she should be so cruel to write to one that
She would laugh me out of myself, press me to death with wit.
Oh, sir, I will not be so hard-hearted.
Yes, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think.
Oh, sir, on her nose, all o'clock, surrounded by rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, and other
How much did I spend last Wednesday to pay the saddler for my mistress’s crupper?
Please spare my guiltless wife and my poor children.
You should teach me how to forget to think.
Please teach me how you look and how you are swaying Demetrius’s heart.
Tell me, Friar, what part of my anatomy is my name?
Oh, you knew once more what you are.
Oh, you do not deserve, poor soul!
That is the sword to it.
Oh, the kindest Kate!
Be bold to say Bassanio is dead.
Then by day, where will you find a cavern dark enough to mask your monstrous face?
I see you will only be part of the party with light gifts.
It moved her.
Let lips do what hands do.
They did urge the king to do it.
You prophesied that the time would come when I would like you to help me curse that rotten spider, that foul bunch-backed toad!
You are well-skilled in curses, stay for a while and teach me how to curse my enemies.
Do not touch me.
Do not train me, sweet mermaid, to drown me in your sister’s tears.
What a terrible news!
Oh, welcome, father!
Oh, well flown, bird.
What a fall there was, my countrymen!
What reason do you have to overgo your troubles and drown your cries?
What men dare to do!
What more favor can I do to you than to sunder his enemy with the hand that cut your youth in two ways?
Will you leave me with a dark spell?
Will you leave me unsatisfied?
God would have the ring of golden metal that must round my brow if it were red-hot steel to get me to the brains.
Yes, my lord, but very idle words.
Please defend me, friends.
Oh, you are novices!
Oh, you are giving me a bad advice.
Oh!
Oh, Thursday will be it. Go to Juliet before you go to bed.
My spirit, you knew your full power, and that you could command me from the gods’ bid.
Do not swear, do not commit with your spouse, do not put your sweet heart on the table.
Be patient, love you, and honor you.
Watch her, stand close.
Watch him, because I love mockery, and because I know this letter will make him a contemplative idiot.
Watch his work.
Watch how Antony is a man, and what you think his actions are telling you in every power that moves.
Octavia is a holy, cold, and still conversation.
Octavia weeps to take part from Rome.
Octavius, I have seen more days than you.
Octavius, lead your battle softly on the left side of the field.
Octavius, take him to follow you, who did the latest service to my master.
I was set to do it by Sir Toby.
A certain knight who swore by his honor they were good pancakes, and swore by his honor the mustard was naughty.
Of a snail?
You are a strange person, but you cannot be pushed by the Venetian law as you do.
You have never heard of Albany’s and Cornwall’s powers?
Of all the days of the year, I came to the day our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
It is strange that men fear death, a necessary end, when it comes.
Everything I have seen tells me that you remember me.
Of fighting men, they have more than a thousand.
Do not be afraid of her.
It has its own color too.
Of love?
Of lusty earls: Grandpré and Roussi, Faulconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, and
Mantua.
I know my uncle will give me a toy, and that is not a sad thing to do.
I am not sure of someone who is jealous, but who has wrought it.
Of one who, like the Indian, threw a pearl away Richer than all his tribe.
There are twenty-six princes in this number and nobles with banners.
Of such high and plenuous wit and invention!
Of that there is no, or little.
The mariners, the king’s ship, tell us how you have landed, and all the rest of your fleet.
Of thirty people.
We will hear more about this. Egeus, I will overbear your will.
I would like to say that I would like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I
Pompey is now seeking us, or he will seek us.
It is very bad.
Of what color?
What kind of cock should this cock come from?
I do not know what you have done, but you are a hunter, as bloody as you are, who waits at the orchard end.
What age and years is he?
What you are inciting us to do.
What, lady?
Of when, please?
Of your complexion.
Off with his son George’s head.
Throw it off with that bauble.
Get off, get off!
You offended us, not the king.
Officers, what offense have these men committed?
I have heard of sanctuary men, but I have never heard of sanctuary children.
Wait until then.
Oh ho, are you with me?
Oh ho, oh ho!
Oh, my fair warrior!
Let's go, Prince Dauphin!
I knew this husband, who, you say, must charge his horns with sand.
It is weary thinking.
Oh, well done!
Yes, I saw beauty in her face as the daughter of Agenor had in her face.
Oh yes, my lord.
It is a gallant king.
It is foul in her.
It is treason.
It is ill done, it is ill done, by my hand, it is ill done.
It was a scream to frighten a monster’s ear, to make an earthquake.
It will be admirable!
You were a cherubim who kept me.
I wish you a good wish.
Oh, a thousand times, and then that is so gentle!
Are you here, Iago?
Yes, as summer flies are in the shambles, that is just like blowing.
Yes, Curtis, yes, and therefore fire, fire.
Oh, yes.
Do not banish me, my lord, but do not kill me.
Be sick, great greatness, and ask your ceremony to cure you.
See how pomp is followed!
See, the riches of the ship are coming on shore!
Beware of jealousy, my lord.
Oh, bloody period!
That is brave Iago, honest and just, that is a noble sense of your friend’s wrong.
I am afraid.
She is wise.
Oh, but she will keep her word.
Oh, no.
By this count, I will be much older than I have been before.
By whom?
Caesar, this Charmian lived only now.
Please come quickly, dispatch.
Could you speak so I could hear you call the great Caesar ass unpolicied?
Oh, coward I am, to live so long to see my best friend before my face!
It is a curse that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites.
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Please defend me.
Oh, devil, devil!
Did he?
Send me.
Don’t think you are standing on the rivage and seeing a city dancing in the sand, because this majestically fleet is
Do not wish one more.
Oh, do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
Oh, excellent!
I am wrongly murdered.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Be merciful on you, slanderer.
Oh, fie on you, strumpet!
Be careful about them.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, fie!
Let’s go, great king, to see the field safely and dispose of their dead bodies.
Oh, God, I am good.
God protect me.
He has given us an example for our flight, most grossly by his own words.
Oh, he has murdered his master!
He is just in my mistress’s case, just in her case.
Oh, he is gone.
He is a lovely gentleman.
Oh, he has returned, and he is as pleasant as ever.
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Oh, heaven forgive us!
God, have mercy on me!
How did she get out?
Oh, I am a big man.
Help!
Help!
Here it is.
I will rest here forever and shake the yoke of savage stars from this world-wearied flesh.
Here is a wit of cheveril, that is all from an inch narrow to an ell broad.
Oh, monster, we know what is going on in a frippery. Put off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh, ho!
Oh, horrible, horrible, most horrible!
How he loves Caesar!
How long have I been to chat with her?
Oh how I love you!
Oh, how my eyes loathe his face now.
I am out of breath in this insane chase.
I am dead.
I am dead! My lord, you have one eye left to see some mischief on him.
I am spoiled, and wiped out by villains.
Oh, I am gone, I am gone!
I could play the woman with my eyes and braggart with my tongue.
Oh, I could weep my spirit from my eyes.
I die for food.
I followed the one I am blushing to look at.
I have heard him speak of that brother, and he made him the most unnatural man who lived among men.
I have read it.
I have suffered with those who I saw suffer.
I was damned in hell, but I did not have any reason to go to this extreme.
If it turns out, the tastiest tastiest safts are kind and love is fresh.
If you only knew how to do it, you would be a fool.
In this love, you love your child so badly that you run crazy, seeing that she is well.
Is it coming to this?
Oh, is that all?
Oh, is this him?
It came to me like a sweet sound, which breathes on a bank of violets, smelling and giving odor to the ear.
It is monstrous, monstrous.
It is my love.
It offends me to hear a prank-pated fellow tear a passion to pieces, to split the ears of the groundlings.
Oh, lay me on my mistress’s side.
Let me see you walk!
Let the heavens defend him against the elements, because I have lost him on a dangerous sea.
Let their bodies follow, my dear liege, with blood and sword and fire to win your right.
Let’s go.
Let’s be merciful.
Look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Let’s end what I have begun.
Oh, my lieutenant!
Mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities.
Oh, misfortune!
That is monstrous!
Oh, most lame and impotent conclusion.
I am afraid some ill-looking thing.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
My fortune has corrupted honest men.
My heart bleeds to think about the teen I have turned you to, which is from my memory.
My lord, we have ten proofs to prove that blood has won.
Oh, my pardon!
Oh, my soul's joy!
Oh no, good Kate.
Oh, no.
Oh, noble weakness!
Goodbye to the calm mind.
Now you cry, and I think you feel the pity of pity.
Now, who will see the royal captain of this ruined band?
Oh, Oh, Oh!
It is ominous.
On my soul, my cousin is belied.
Out of that “no hope” you have so much hope!
Please pardon me, Signior Gremio, I would rather do something.
Oh, quick, or I’m gone.
That is rare for Antony.
You are rarely a base.
The relation is too nice and yet true.
Yes, say that, and so be.
She is teaching the torches to burn bright!
Oh, she is lame!
She is ten times more gentle than her father, and he is composed of harshness.
She knew well that your love was written by a man who could not spell it.
Oh, she was foul! I did not know you.
Oh, she was heavenly!
She will sing the savageness of a bear.
A foot so light will never wear out the everlasting flint.
Speak about that.
It is strange.
It is strange.
I am going to sleep like this so I could see another man like that.
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, temperance, lady!
It is ten times faster than the pigeons of Venus fly to seal love's bonds, new ones, than they are wont to keep their faith
I believe that a lady of one man who refused to marry another should be abused.
A man can know what happened to this day.
Oh, that brave Caesar!
It is true that estates, degrees and offices were not corrupted, and that honor was inherited by the wearer.
That is what they say.
That is not what you are sure of.
I would not be able to serve that lady and be delivered to the world until I had made my own occasion, what my estate is.
Oh, I wish I were a fool.
I wish I had a glove on that hand so I could touch that cheek.
I wish I were a man for his sake.
I wish I were a man.
I wish I could see such a king!
Oh, that record is lively in my soul!
She knew she were.
The earth, which kept the world in awe, should patch a wall to expel the winter’s flaw.
Oh, that slave had forty thousand lives!
We had only one ten thousand of those men in England who do not work today.
We could come here by Caesar’s spirit and not dismember Caesar.
The woman who can’t make her fault her husband’s occasion, will never nurse her child herself.
Oh, that you bore the mind that I do, what a sleep you had for your advancement!
Oh, that your frowns would teach me such skill!
Your Highness knew my heart in this: I never loved my brother in my life.
That is a brave man.
Oh, that is well said. The chair!
The cry knocked on my heart.
That is the difference between man and man.
Oh, the good gods!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the heavens!
The more angel she is, and you the blacker devil.
Oh, the people in the street cry “Romeo,” some “Juliet,” and some “Paris
The world does not have a sweeter creature, she might lie by the side of an emperor and command him to do his job.
She was old and gentle, and you rode, like a kern of Ireland, off your French hose and in your straight strossers.
Oh, then you will get more riches.
I see that madmen have no ears.
Oh, then we are bringing out weeds when our quick minds lie still, and our ills told us that is our earing.
I see that Queen Mab has been with you.
What graces me in my love is that he has turned a heaven into a hell.
There has been a lot of slurping of brains.
Oh, so it hangs a tail.
This is a woman’s story in a winter’s fire, authorized by her grandma.
Oh, these men, these men!
They are our friends.
They are taking the role of a better wrestler than myself.
Do you think we will ever meet again?
Oh, this false soul of Egypt!
This is the thing that makes your servants droop.
This is the poison of deep grief.
Oh, you are wrong.
Oh, you are wise!
Oh, you never loved so much.
You are going to talk about banishment again.
Oh, your vile lady!
It is treason of the blood.
It is ten times more painful on that slurdy head, who your wicked sense has deprived you of.
I am a villain!
Oh, villain!
Oh, you are villainous!
Oh, villainy, villainy!
Was she?
Good-bye, Lady.
What a falsehood that is good for you.
Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave I am!
What a world this is when something strange has envested the man who bears it.
What authority and truth can a sinner hide with?
What a good idea!
When she wrote it and read it over, she found “Benedick” and "Beatrice” between the sheets.
Where is Romeo?
Where did you lead me, Egypt?
Who did this deed?
Why are you rebuking the man who loves you so much?
The widow Dido?
The war has gotten rid of you.
What a sad day!
Oh, wonder!
Oh, what a wonderful thing!
Oh, wretched villain!
Yes, I heard them all, and more, because some of them had more feet in them than the verses would bear.
Oh, but I am sorry I killed them.
I have heard our fathers say that Brutus once was the one who would have fought for your eternal devil to keep his state in Rome.
You are men of stones.
You are sick of self-love, Malvolio, and you are hungry.
Oh!
Old Cassius still.
Old fashions please me best.
I am old, and honor is cudgeled from my limbs.
Old Lord, I can’t blame you, who is attached to my sanity to dulling my spirits.
Old Montague is coming, and he is thriving in spite of me.
I have only arrived here since I arrived at a moderate pace.
Please, even in a dream we were separated from them and brought to mop here.
On each side were savage, savage, savage boys, like smiling Cupids with colorful fans, whose wind seemed to glow the delicate cheeks they cooled
On Fortune’s cap we are not the button.
I will lay on him what you want on me, the right and fortune of his happy stars.
Who has stopped and is missing out on me?
On me, whose all that is not Edward’s?
I beg you to scold me for a bit of raiment, bed, and food.
We are floating on such a full sea now, and we have to take the current when it serves us or lose our business.
On the ground sleep sound.
On the sixth hour, my lord, you said our work should stop.
It is not a blemish on their clothes, but a fresher one than before.
On Thursday, sir?
I will give you a chance to stay.
I am directing you on your love.
On Tuesday noon, or night, or Wednesday morning.
What do I have to do to do?
If God knows what happens, you and your brother York have taken refuge in the queen.
On, lusty gentlemen.
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on
Go on, to the field!
On.
Now, remove your sword, my friends.
Once again to the wall, dear friends, or close the wall with our English dead.
Again, goodbye.
Once again, Cesario, get out of the same cruelty that is committed by the sovereigns.
Good night, gentlemen.
Once more, what is the news?
One aloof man is a sentinel.
One Angelo, a goldsmith.
One cried, “God bless us!” and “Amen” to the other, as they had seen me with these
One dead, or drunk?
One does not know how much a bad word can affect liking.
A man who is draught over the heat makes him a fool, the second is mad, and a third drowns him.
Someone ever near you.
One face, one voice, and two people.
One more fair man than my love?
One from the Lord Stanley.
One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.
I live, and as I live, I am a maid.
One inch of delay is more than a South Sea discovery.
One of us is too poor, too weak for my revenge.
I will kiss you, and I will descend.
One knocks.
One knocks.
One who is minded like the weather, most unquietly.
One of my fellows had the speed of a man who, almost dead for breath, had barely more than to make up his message.
One of them is the one who wins and loses all the money.
One of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey.
One of these three is a picture of her.
One side will mock another, the other will.
I loved one speech in the first place.
You will be freed by one stroke from the tribute you pay.
One old Frederick, your father, loves.
One more thing is to make one of these wooers.
One inexplicable thing shows me another, to make me despise myself.
One way I like this.
One of the worst things is treading on another’s heel so fast they follow.
One more word will make me remark on you, if not hate you.
One more thing, honest neighbors.
One more thing.
One word, sir.
One would think his mother's milk was scarce from him.
God has made himself a man, gentlewoman, to be a martyr.
One of you, Kate, must kiss and be familiar with. Where are my slippers?
I am saying that he dares to do more than you have heard him brag about.
One?
One.
We will give you the reason why I, who loved Caesar when I struck him, have now proceeded.
Please, pardon me for this.
I will kiss you soon.
Just give me permission to follow you, as unworthy as I am.
Only he has not yet subscribedated this. Where your Majesty demands that the king of France, having any occasion to write for a grant, names
I will wait for a moment to die until I have gotten over many thousand kisses from the poor.
Only I am saying things have been borne strangely.
I will not give up to die.
Only in the world am I filling up a place that can be better positioned when I have made it empty.
I stood out, and if I am thrown in this place, I will pay dear.
Only the adulterous Antony, most large in his abominations, turns you off and gives his powerful regiment to a trull.
I cannot afford her, because if she were other than she is, she would be unhandsome. I do not like her.
I will do anything to keep them from being beaten.
Open it, and read it.
Open the tomb.
Open your gates.
Open the door, locks, whoever knocks.
Ophelia, walk here.
Or any of your factions?
Or as if it were perfumed by a fen.
Or be alive again, and dare me to the desert with your sword.
Was it a blessing that we did?
Did it come with such a fair question as soul to soul?
Charles or something weaker will be mastering you.
Did I dream about it?
Did the letters work on his blood and create his fault?
Are you simply fake?
Are you playing the jackpot to tell us that Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan is a rare carpenter?
Or docks, or mallows.
Is he walking?
Or else it stood for friends to choose love by their eyes.
Or else she would not have the wit to do this.
Or else what is going on?
Have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason for prisoner?
Or the man who killed her brothers and her uncles?
Or here, or at the Capitol.
Do I forget myself?
I do not have any respect for it.
I will live or bathe my honor in the blood and make it live again.
I promise you.
Or I will give him your indignation by word of mouth.
If it did not, your first one is dead or was as good as his own, as he was living here and you did not use him
If not, then I will hit it right here: Romeo has not been in bed tonight.
If you follow me, I will do you mischief in the woods.
If you have not broken away from business, like my passion now makes me, you have never loved it.
If you haven’t sat as I do now, you have been scolded by your mistress.
If you have ruined your life by destroying your treasure in the earth’s womb, for which you are often killed, tell me.
Or image of that horror?
Is he on his horse?
Is the eal better than the eal because his painted skin is full of eyes?
Are your ewes and rams in gold and silver?
Keep it as a cistern for foul toads to marry.
Or like a whale.
Or both?
Or mine?
It is rather bottomless, that as fast as you pour affection in, it is out.
Do I tell you in the clearest way I do not, or I cannot, love you?
Do your pleasure.
Say sweet love, what you want to eat.
Or should I say her uncle?
Should I think she is immured in silver, being ten times undervalued to gold?
Should we continue without apology?
Do I sleep now and think I hear all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or that any friend I had would be a man for my sake.
Or to be naked with her friend in bed for an hour or more, without any harm?
Or what are you?
Who pronounced the bitter sentence of poor Clarence’s death before I could be sentenced by law?
Are you planning to hunt?
Would you want me to speak like a tyrant to their sex?
If I fail, I will put the Moor in a jealousy so strong that judgment can't cure it.
If his mind is written, give me his letter.
Or, if sour sorrows are in fellowship and are ranked with other griefs, why not, when she said, “Tybalt
If you want to swear by your gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, I will believe you.
If you borrow one another’s love for the moment, you can return it again when you do not hear any more about Pompey.
If you do not, make the bridal bed in the dim tomb where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you want, come home to me and I will wait for you.
Orlando is recommending him to you both, and he sends this bloody napkin to the young man he calls his Rosalind.
Orlando, my liege, is the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, noble sir, be pleased that I am scolded by the names you give me.
Orsino, this is Antonio who took the king, and this is Antonio who took the king when your young nephew Titus lost his leg.
Orsino.
Let some of you leave behind, and he will bring you to our commission, and all the things that are worthy of your respect and quality are
Oh, what?
Othello’s occupation has gone.
Other women cloy their appetites, but she makes hungry wherever she satisfies most, because the vilest things are in her. The holy priests
Our arms are in awe of sorrow and our hearts are in love with our brothers.
Our army will attend this funeral solemnly, then to Rome.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
Our brother is imprisoned by your means, myself disgraced, and the noblest is held in contempt.
We are so pityful that we are your friend.
Caius Cassius, we will seem too bloody to cut off the head and then hack the limbs, like death and envy.
I went to find him, and he did not come here.
We are doing our duties, and we are giving them the pledge.
We are your duty.
Our enemies have beat us to the pit.
We are expecting to see this day end.
Our fears in Banquo are deep, and his nature is reigning the fear that would be feared.
Our forces are on land, and they are nobility.
Our fortune lies on this jump.
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks in a terrible way.
Our nurse is a good friend, and he has a good reputation for being a good nurse.
I have sat on our ship, sir, and I have bought the oil, the balsamum and the aqua vitae.
Our friends are waiting for you.
Our general swore so early for the love of Desdemona, who let us not blame him.
Our general’s wife is now the general.
Our good old friend, give us comfort and advice for our business, which demands immediate use.
Our gracious brother, I will go with them.
Our hour is full.
Our house is hell, and you, a merry devil, robbed it of some tediousness.
Our wedding cheers for a sad burial feast.
Our Italy is shattered with civil swords.
Our knocking has awakened him.
Our masquing mates will stay here at this time.
Our master and mistress are looking for you.
Our posts will be swift and intelligent. Goodbye, dear sister.
Our power is ready; our lack is nothing but our leave.
We are ready to get them.
Our business is to general trouble.
God has discovered our purpose, and I am more sorry for my fault than for my death, which I ask your Highness to forgive me for
Our queen and all our elves come here.
Our reasons are so good that if you were Antony, the son of Caesar, you would be satisfied.
Our separated fortune will keep us both safe.
Our separation is so long and fleeting that you, who live here, are still with me, and I, hence, remain with you.
Our sunk navy has knit again and flotted, threatening most sealike.
Our sex as well as I may chide you for it, even though I feel the injury alone.
Our sorrow, proportioned to our cause, must be as great as the one that makes it.
Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change, our bridal flowers serve as a burial corse, and everything changes.
Our son will win.
Our time is right now.
Our tongue is rough, coz, and my condition isn’t smooth, so that, having neither the voice nor the heart of love
Our troops are going tomorrow.
Our wars are over, the Turks are drowned.
Our entire city is bound to him.
Our will is to take Antony alive.
Then heavens will change our worse thoughts.
Our yoke and suffering show us that we are womanish.
We will mingle with the society and play the humble host.
We are not ourselves.
Oh, that was my lady’s voice.
I swear you are out of the moon.
Out of tune, sir.
Are you out of your wits and hearing?
He is not yet transported.
Out of my sight!
Do not be offended, dear Cesario.
They are dragging their saddles out of the dirt, and then a story is told.
There is much to be learned and heard.
She is out of here, hilding!
Look out at you.
Out on her!
Get out of here, old carrion!
Come on!
Out, sorry!
Out, fool.
Out, loathless medicine!
Out, out, a brief candle.
Out, Tawny Tartar, out!
Out, treacherous villain!
You are out of luck.
You green sickness, carrion!
Out.
Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire.
I am telling you that over your wounds, you are opining their lips like dumb mouths, to beg my voice and speak my tongue.
Ha!
Pale or red?
Please forgive me, dear Rosalind.
Please forgive me.
Please forgive me, sweet man, for the vows we made only so late ago.
Pardon me.
Do not pardon that.
Please forgive my frankness if I answer you for that.
Pardon this fault, and I swear I will never break an oath with you again.
Please forgive me, dear father.
Pardon me, master.
Pardon me, my lord.
Please forgive me, sweet father.
Part them.
Have you been pitying in good terms?
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I will say good night until it is morrow.
Go!
Pass.
I see, passion is getting caught, because my eyes, seeing those sorrowful beads stand in yours, poured into water.
All of us were talking.
Question because you see it will not curl by nature.
Past mid season.
Let’s go.
Be calm.
Be calm, gentle Audrey.
Goodbye, sir.
Please, please.
Be patient, I say.
Let my counsel guide you in this case.
Pay him six thousand and deface the bond.
Let us go with Burgundy.
So, calm down.
Quiet!
Let’s calm down.
Quiet, children, quiet.
Peace, doting wizard, peace.
Be quiet, fool.
Be quiet, fool.
Quiet, Grumio.
Quiet, for shame.
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet, I say.
Peace, peace Iras.
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, sir.
Quiet, Smulkin.
Peace, this piece of toasted cheese will do it.
Be quiet, you dull fool.
Quiet, you foolish fool!
You rogue, do not worry about that.
You were the best.
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet.
Quiet, who is this?
Peaseblossom.
I will sing it at her death.
I will walk again.
What do you think, sailors?
He will never mind me.
She cannot meet him.
Perchance until after Theseus’s wedding day.
I will never go home, Iago.
Perchance?
Perdie, your doors were locked, and you were shut out.
Perdition will catch my soul, but I love you.
I must admit I thought you were a gentleman who was more gentle.
Do it, or else we will damn you.
Maybe I will return immediately.
Perhaps some merchant invited him, and he has gone somewhere to dinner.
Maybe you have learned it without a book.
Perish the man who is backward now.
I will be more sane when I turn my back, and I will be a bit more sane when I turn my back.
I would rather be a slave and a sumpter to this detested groom.
Peter Quince— What do you say, bully Bottom?
Peter, did you see the same thing ever?
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter!
Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son, a man well known in Italy.
Petruchio, go on your way; the field is won.
Petruchio, patience.
Let’s go.
Phoebe wrote it.
Phoebe, with all my heart.
Take out our imperfections with your thoughts.
Pindarus, ask our commanders to lead their charges a little off this ground.
Pinion him like a thief, bring him to us.
Pisa, renamed for grave citizens, gave me my father and my being first, a merchant of great traffic through the world, Vincentio.
Pish for you, Iceland dog, you prick-eared curfew of Iceland!
Pish!
Pish!
Pitchers have ears.
A pitiful sight!
I thought he would be so brave and sane, I would have seen him damned if I had challenged him.
Plain and not honest is too harsh.
Plantagenet.
Play the men.
Play with your fancies and see, on the cliffs, shipboys climb.
Would you like your highness to grace us with your royal company?
Please, what is your Grace doing?
Please, please, go on to the state affairs.
Please, come near and listen to the music.
Please, go further.
Please, sir, do not omit the heavy offer.
Please, let me stay.
Please walk with me down to his house, I will pay my debt and thank you.
If you ask your Grace to appoint some of your council members to sit with us once more with better attention to resurvey them.
If your Majesty wants to leave, I will meet my friends and meet your Grace, where and when your Majesty will please.
The time is short.
I have laid out a lot of dangerous inductions, by drunken prophecies, libels and dreams, to set my brother Clarence and the king
Put his name out of his heart and turn him into a man.
Pluck out his eyes.
Pluck them asunder.
Pluck up your spirits.
Pluck up, my heart and be sad.
When they shook the entrails of an offer, they couldn't find a heart inside the beast.
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
I see, it has been his lifelong end.
That is the one who has been panned.
Pompey is laughing away his fortune today.
Pompey is strong at sea, and it seems he is beloved by those who only feared Caesar.
Pompey is a tad bleak.
You are talking like a green girl, unsifted in such a dangerous circumstance.
Poor and content is rich, and rich enough, but riches are as poor as winter to him that ever fears he will be poor.
Poor Antony!
Poor bird!
Poor heart, adieu.
I am only a poor man.
Poor lady, she will run crazy when she will have it.
Poor living corse, closed in a dead man’s tomb.
Poor man!
Poor men alone?
Poor Ophelia was separated from herself and her judgment, even if we were mere beasts.
Poor painted queen, I am a vain king, why do you strew on that bottled spider?
Poor prattler, how do you talk?
Poor soul, your face is abused with tears.
Poor soul!
Poor souls, they died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his good intentions.
Poor Tom will lead you.
Poor Tom, your horn is dry.
Poor Tom, he has a cold.
That is something.
Poor venomous fool, be angry and be ready.
Portia is dead.
Portia, goodbye.
Portia, are you gone?
Portia, forgive me for this imposed wrong, and I swear to you, even by your own fair eyes, that I see myself.
Portia, what do you mean?
Do not fear them.
Go back to him quickly and tell him what he is going to do.
Post to Salisbury.
Post-haste, dispatch.
Pour in her blood that has eaten nine farrows.
I will endure.
Pox on it!
Please be God, not our strength, for it.
What do you say, James Soundpost?
Please, sir.
Please, he is still an oath.
Please, I say, I am a useless coward.
Please, sir, your wife is not sending you a worse one.
Please, I am sorry I am wrong about you.
Please, heaven, it is the state that matters, as you think, and no conception or jealous toy about you.
I have served him, and the man commands him like a full soldier.
Please rest yourself.
Please, corporal, stay.
Please find him, and bring him to my tent.
Please marry us.
Please, sweet Mistress Margaret, I am sure you deserve my help by helping me to speak with Beatrice.
Please, take pain to allay your snoring spirit with some cold drops of modesty.
Please go.
Please, sir.
Please be patient.
Please come in.
Do not be shy, sir.
Please lead me on.
Please, forget and forgive me.
Please do not do so now, because I have lost command.
Please sit still.
Please, do not worry about it.
Please go away.
Please be careful.
Please go with us.
Please hurry up your generals.
Please, if it is true, give it to me, because I am too slow to study.
Is he married to Cleopatra?
Please, keep your seat.
Please, let’s go.
Please, let Cassio be received again.
Please, let’s not have any more fooling about it.
Please, let’s sit together.
Please do not be sad, and do not respond to any complaints about loath.
Please, do not worry about this.
Do you know about this?
Please, sir, stand up.
Please sit down, because now we sit down to chat as well as eat.
Please tell him I am a vassal of his fortune, and I will send him the greatness he has.
Please, tread carefully so that the blind mole cannot hear a foot fall.
Please, chuck, come here.
Please do not mock me.
Please give me that.
Do you have a daughter named Katherina, fair and virtuous?
Please put it down and rest.
Please, sir, be patient.
Please, then, tell me one.
Please, what do you think is his name?
Please write down, “Borachio.”
Prepare the body then and follow us.
We will be ready for our marriage, my Lord of Burgundy and all the other men’s wives, for sure of our marriage.
Prepare yourself, generals.
Do not tell us what we are doing.
Now, I am away, because strange sores are causing the cure to be ruined.
Presently?
Right now.
Press near him and second him.
Pretty soul!
Primo, secundo, tertio is a good play, and the old saying is, the third is paying for everything.
You will stay with us in Rouen.
Prince John has been stolen this morning.
Princes and counties.
Princes have only their titles for their glories, an honor for an inward toil.
Prison, my lord?
Please give me some charity.
Please say true.
Go away.
Please, be cheerful.
Please, be content.
Please, do not be angry.
Please, hurry up.
Please do not turn me around.
Let’s go know Cassio where he supped tonight.
Please, friend, listen to me, the good and bad together.
Go inside.
How many boys and wenches should I have?
Please tell me if you love me.
Please keep up your quillets.
Please listen well.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Please, do not worry.
Please, my mother, be content.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please put up.
Please, tell me.
Please, see there.
Please, who are you talking about?
Go ahead, Moon.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Solinus, go get my fall and end all the suffering and suffering.
Go ahead.
Proculeius, what your master Caesar knows, and he sent for you.
Give me life, and I will confess the truth.
Tell all our friends to do it for me, sir, because my heart says they are welcome.
Tell me that sentence, my liege.
Well, then, tell me: women can fall when men have no strength.
Pronounce.
Proof enough to misuse the Prince, vex Claudio, undo Hero, and kill Leonato.
Good, and “I thank you,” and “I do not thank you,” and yet not proud?
If you prove that I have lost more blood with love than I have with drinking, pick out my eyes with a ballad maker’s
I am going to be for you now, brother.
Tell me what your heart desires.
Provoke him that he can.
Do not fight until we have finished at sea.
What is “ Puppet”?
Go ahead and get him to a peace.
Push home.
Put color in your cheek.
Put enough money in your purse.
Put money in your purse.
Put off your maiden blushes, avouch the thoughts of your heart with the look of an empress. Take me by the hand and say
Put on my crown.
Put on what you are a savage man, you and your fellow servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light, and then put out the light.
Put them to motion.
Put up your sword or take it to take these men with me.
Put your sword on the sword.
Put your torches out.
Pyramus is near the wall.
Quiet, crush, conclude, and quell!
Quiet, sir?
Queen Margaret saw your murdrous falchion smoking in his blood, the one you bended against her breast once.
Questioning is a big deal for him.
Question it, Horatio.
Ask how great he heard their embassy, how well he was able to provide noble counselors, how modest in exception, and how terrible in constant resolution
Why, an hour in a clamor and a quarter in rheum.
Quick, quick!
Let me have it quickly.
Send your writ to the castle, because my writ is about Lear and Cordelia.
Quiet, you cudgel.
Is that dumb?
Quot my master.
Rage, blow!
Raise up the Montagues.
You are putting your fruitful words in my ears, that long time has been barren.
Rapier and dagger.
Rarely, rarely.
Ratcliffe, come to my tent around midnight and help me arm myself.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, it is me.
Ratcliffe!
Instead, a ditch in Egypt should be a gentle grave to me.
I would rather go to bed early than be late.
Instead, make my country’s high pyramids my gibbet and hang me in chains!
Instead, lay me naked on Nilus’s mud and let the waterflies blow me into abhorrence.
You are more likely to see him with his judgment.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony.
Read it.
Read the will.
Read the will.
Read this challenge.
Read.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Get ready, my lord.
You are ready, sir.
I am ready.
I am ready.
Realms and islands were dropped from his pocket as plates dropped from his pocket.
Rebellious dead will never rise until the woods of Birnam rise, and our high-placed Macbeth will live the life of nature,
Is it a rebellion at these times?
Get it.
Get what you want.
Do not refuse it.
Do not refuse this profane love, mighty lord.
Regan, I hope you did not know about it. Who is this?
Regan, I think you are.
Tell me what you are not aware of on the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Relent, sweet Hermia. And Lysander, give your crazèd title to my certain right.
Relentless?
Stay in the darkness.
Remember to possess his books, because without them he is just a savage, as I am, and he is not a single spirit to command.
Remember it, my lord?
Remember March, remember March’s lands.
Remember me.
Remember me. I have sworn it.
Remember our reward when the deed is done.
Remember that you call on me today.
Remember you.
Remember what I have said.
Remember who commended your yellow stockings?
Do you remember anyone who died on it?
Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain.
Renown and grace are dead.
Renowned duke, please take the pains to go with us and hear at large all our fortunes, and all the people who have suffered wrong
You are a good man, or you will fall to ruin.
Is he paying for my service with such a deep contempt?
Repent that you will lose your friend, and he does not repent that he is paying your debt.
Repent that you have been trampled by your tongue.
Do not reply.
Report is a changeable one.
Repose you there while I go to this hard house—more difficult than the stones where it is raised—which, even now, is demanding
Reproach and everlasting shame sits in our bushes.
Reputation, reputation, reputation!
Rescue, dear lord, or the day is lost!
My lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Reserve them until a merrier hour than this.
Rest happy!
Have a good day!
Go to the place where you are seated.
Retire to our room.
Retire!
Return to her, and fifty men were dismissed?
Come with her?
Return to my sister.
Return to the gracious duke, good Catesby.
Returned so soon?
Revenge his horrible and unnatural murder.
Revenge.
Revenges burn in them because their dear causes would cause the bleeding and the grim alarm to excite the mortified man.
Revolving this will teach you how to curse yourself.
Richard, except those who fight against us would rather win than follow him.
Richard loves Richard, that is me and I.
Richard of York, how is our loving brother?
Richard still lives, hell’s black intelligencer, only reserved their power to buy souls and send them to the world.
Richard!
Richmond is on the seas.
A raging confession is only a riddling shrift.
Ride to the horsemen on another hill.
Do you ride this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, and give these bills to the legions on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I am glad he wasn’t in this fight.
We are so happy to see your face, most worthy brother England.
It is true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him, or both of them dissemble their affections.
Good, dear madam.
As snow is in the harvest.
I mean you.
Ring the bell.
I am a rooster, to be engulfed with those mouth-made vows that break themselves in swearing.
Rise and lend your ear.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you have to play Thisbe’s mother.
Roderigo?
Roderigo!
You have lived too long.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers.
Rome, you have lost the breed of noble bloods.
Romeo cannot, even though heaven can.
Romeo is banned. There is no end, no limit, no measure, no bound, in the word.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must not live.
Romeo will thank you, daughter, for both of us.
Romeo killed him, and Mercutio killed him.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo, go away!
Romeo, come out.
Romeo, he cries, “Hold, friends!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, will you come to your father’s house?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo, what is this blood that stains the entrance of the sepulcher?
Romeo.
Romeo is a dishclout to him.
There is room for Antony, most noble Antony.
There is room!
There is room!
Rosalind is your love’s name?
Rosalind has no love for you, and I am one.
Rosalind is a better man than you are.
Round, even to faultiness.
I answered quickly.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
Royal Lear, who I have ever honored as my king, loved as my father, followed as my master, as my great patron.
The Royal Queen!
Royal wench!
Rub him around the temples.
A ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow, for tender princes, use my babies well.
Rumble your bellyful!
I am telling you that Anne, my wife, is very sick.
Run after that peeveish messenger, the county’s man.
Run away, please.
Run away, proclaim, and cry about the streets.
Run one before the Queen and tell her about our actions.
Run to the Capitol, and nothing else?
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall on your knees, and pray to the gods to stop the plague that needs to be eradicated.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, and run!
Sad, lady.
Saddle my horses.
He is safe in a ditch, with twenty trenched gashes on his head, which is the least death to nature.
Stay safe, Antony.
Safely stowed.
I am safer than I am going to trust you too far.
Didn’t he say that?
Did you say that?
Sailors, my lord, they say.
Saint Davy's day has passed.
Saint Francis, be my speed!
Saint Valentine is past.
Saints do not move, even if they grant for prayers’ sake.
She has smothered you there.
Satan, do not worry.
Save the means to live.
Save you, Curan.
Save you, friend, and your music.
Save you, Cassio!
Save you, gentleman.
Save you, worthy general!
You are saving your humor, here is the note how much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, how fine the gold is, and how
Saw who?
Have you seen anything?
Did you see him today?
Have you seen me, my lord?
Did you see anything else?
Did you see the king today, my lord of Derby?
Did you see the weird sisters?
Did you see him enter the abbey here?
Did you see the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
If it is not true, I will give you a province and make your fortunes proud.
No, Orlando, men are April when they woo, December when they wed.
Say again, where did you leave these varlets?
Say boldly.
Say either, and I will keep the situation.
Tell me from the time you owe this strange intelligence, or why you are stopping our way on this blasted heat with such prophetic greetings.
Say I am sick.
Say I will love her everlastingly.
Say I am her sovereign, I am her subject.
Say it is done, and I will love you and prefer you for it.
Say it, Othello.
Do not say that, Agrippa.
Do not say that.
Say goodbye, my loving lord.
We will have to leave quickly.
She is mute and will not speak a word.
Say she will be a high and mighty queen.
Say that I did all this for her love.
Say that I waited with you at your shop to see the making of her carcanet, and that you will bring it home tomorrow.
Say I did not slew them.
Say that I wish he had more reason to become a master.
I will say she frowns, and she looks as clear as roses werehed with dew.
Say she is a railing; then I will tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Say that some lady has a great heart for you as much as Olivia has for you.
Say that the last I spoke was “Antony,” and say it in a pitiful way.
Say they are not doing their jobs.
Say you have overheard us, and bid her to steal into the sand where honeysuckles ripened by the sun forbid the sun to enter.
Say that you do not love me, but do not say that in bitterness.
Say that I am still alive.
If this becomes him, as he is very brave, he is not blemishing. You cannot excuse Antony’s slurds
Say "Yes," and that bare vowel is more than the death-darking eye of cockatrice.
Tell me whose fortunes will rise, Caesar’s or mine?
Tell the king I would like to go to his leisure for a few words.
Tell the king the truth about the king’s story, as long as you left it.
Say what you want, sir, but I know what I know.
Is Horatio there?
Say you have wronged her.
Do you say that?
What do you say?
Say, “the brave Antony.” The valiant Caesar!
Do you agree that they will die?
What is the cost?
What is that?
Say, if you would prefer to hear it from our mouths or from our masters.
Is your tardy master now at hand?
My spirit, how are the king and his followers doing?
Say, uncle Gloucester, if our brother comes, where will we go until our coronation?
Say, Voltemand, what is the news from our brother Norway?
What?
Tell me that, friend.
Do you say that?
Do you say that the house is dark?
Sblood is an arrant traitor as any other in the universal world, or in France, or in England.
But you will not hear me.
Sblood, do you think I am easier to play than a pipe?
There is something more natural than that, if philosophy could find it.
Do not scold my cups and make as much of me as when my empire was yours, and suffered my command.
Scape being drunk for wanting to drink.
Does “Sconce” call you it?
Scorn and defiance, slight regard, contempt, and anything that does not make him a mighty sender, are the things he rewards you.
Scout me for him at the corner of the orchard like a bum-baily.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
Scratching couldn’t make it worse if it were as beautiful as yours were.
Scurvy knave!
Scurvy knave!
Seafaring men, sir.
Seal then, and everything is done.
Wait a while until we can clear these ambiguities and know their origin, their head, and their true descent.
Search every acre in the high-growth field and bring him to our eyes.
Search, search, and know how this horrible murder comes about.
I searched the window for a flint, and found this paper, sealed up so I can see it was not there when I went to bed
I will give you this marvel upon the witness of these gentlemen.
Are you Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father, and such a Sebastian was my brother, so he went to his watery tomb.
Security gives way to conspiracy.
Look, Lear, and let me remain the true blank of your eyes.
See for the news.
See him delivered, Fabian; bring him here.
See how beastly she is defending him!
See how she leans her cheeks on her hand.
See how they kiss and court.
Look how justice is defending a simple thief.
See it done and feast the army.
Do not see me anymore, whether he is dead or not.
Do not see your bride in these unreliable robes.
I will give you more instructions.
I do not see you are dissembling me.
See what a rent the envious Casca made.
Look at him.
See where his Grace is, two clergymen.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives as prisoners to her womanly persuasion.
Look, she is coming from shrift with a merry look.
See where they come.
Look, and then speak yourself.
See, Caesar!
Is he breathing?
Here he comes.
Look, it is stalking away.
Look, my women, if they can’t stop their nose against the rose that kneeled to the buds.
Look, here comes the man we went to seek.
See, see, our honored hostess!
They are greeted with their hearts' thanks.
Who is coming?
Look, your wife is with him.
You will never see” if you are ever.
Seek him, ask him to come here.
Look for him, Titinius, while I am going to meet the noble Brutus, thrusting this report into his ears.
Look at it.
Seek your own ease.
Do not seek to know more.
Look for him, so that his rage will dissolve the life that wants to lead it.
Seek!
Do they look religious?
Do you see it?
You are here, this is the mouth of your cell.
Are you seeing this sweet sight?
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselme and his wife and daughters; the lady widow of Vitruvio
Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena. A fair assembly.
I am jealous of you, savage, beat it down.
Self-love is not as vile a sin as self-neglecting.
Send for him, uncle.
Send for the county.
Send for the man and ask him.
Send him here, and I will make him look like a man.
Send one to Sir Toby.
Send out more horses.
Send the deed to me, and I will sign it.
Send your man away.
Send your token of reprieve.
Send to his brother.
Sent him to Macduff?
Servant-monster?
Serve God, love me, and heal me.
Serve God.
Serve you, sir.
Service.
Set up your venerable burden and let him feed.
Set down your honorable duty in a hearse, while I obsessively lament the untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
Set him up before me.
Wait a minute.
Set it down.
Put the stoups of wine on that table.
Tell me where you stand.
Tell your wife to watch.
Set up, and do not leave out any ceremony.
We will put our squadrons on the hill, in the eye of Caesar’s battle, and then proceed accordingly.
Write this down.
Set your countenance, sir.
Rest your heart.
Seven days and seven nights?
Seven of my people make up for him with obedient start.
Sextus Pompeius is approaching the port of Rome.
Seyton!
I am sick at heart when I see—Seyton, I say!—this push will cheer me ever.
Shake it off.
Shake off this sleepy sleep, which is fake, and look at death itself.
Shake!” quoth the dovehouse.
Shall it be tonight at supper?
Should Caesar send a lie?
Shall I live in this dull world, which is not better than a sty?
Shall I attend your Grace's wedding?
Should I be scolded when a madman stares?
Should I be married tomorrow morning?
Shall I be plain?
Should I be tempted by the devil like this?
Shall I believe that death is amorous, and that the evil monster keeps you in dark to be his paramour?
Shall I deny you that?
Shall I go down?
Should I do such a thing?
Should I do what the Parthian darts did, even though they were enemy, lost their aim and couldn’t do?
Should I say a word?
Should I go fetch your nightgown?
Should I go win my daughter to your will?
Should I have some water? Come, Kate, and wash, and welcome heartily.
Should I have the thought to think about this, and should I have the thought that such a thing has been ruined would make me sad?
Should I hear from you soon?
Should I keep your hogs and eat husks with them?
Shall I know your answer?
Should I die of perjury?
Shall I play my freedom at the shack and become your slave?
Should I tell Caesar what you want from him?
Shall I say to you, “Let them be free!
Should I speak a word in your ear?
Should I strike at it with my partisan?
Should I strike now?
Shall I tell you why?
Should I tell her that you are coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
It will not be long, but I will be here again.
Shall they hoist me up and show me the clinging screams of Rome?
Shall they see us?
Should we be sundered?
Should we call in the ambassador, my liege?
Should we clap into it roundly, without hawking or spitting or saying we are hoarsing?
Should we do that?
Should we give up and drown?
Should we go see the ruins of this town?
Should we go find Benedick and tell him about her love?
Should we send them dinners and fresh suits, and give their fasting horses a provender, and fight with them after that?
Shall we go, coz?
Should we hear from you, Catesby, if we sleep?
Shouldn’t we?
Shall we?
Shall we play, sweet girl?
Should we rouse the nightowl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver?
Shall we see this wrestling, cousin?
Shall we shog?
Shall we sound him?
Will we see their sane pageant?
Should we go to court?
Should you rot even in your love-springs?
You will see that your other daughter will use you kindly.
Shame on Romeo.
Shame on you.
Shame on ladies, sisters.
Shame, eternal shame, nothing but shame.
She ate no meat today, and no one will eat it.
She wants you to come to her.
She cannot be as good as a man, even if she is intelligent and witful as she is prized to have, as to refuse a gentleman
She cannot deny it.
She can't wait to hear about a husband.
She cannot love, and she cannot take any shape or project of affection.
She admits it.
She creeps.
She wants to speak with you in her closet before you go to bed.
She praised my yellow stockings of late, she praised my leg being cross-gartered, and in this she manifests herself to my love,
She did.
She showed favor to the young man in your sight only to exasperate you, awaken your dormouse valor, put fire in your heart
She died, my lord, but she lived while her slander was alive.
She dies for it.
She strays around by holy crosses, where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock.
She is good.
She is false with Cassio.
She is not for Edward, and so do I. I am not for Clarence, and she is not.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
She gave it to Cassio?
She tells you to marry her.
She had a fear of what has happened.
She had a song called “Willow,” a thing she remembers as a child, but it said her fortune, and she died
She has fooled her father, and you may.
She is always lighted by her.
She has robbed me of my sword.
She has said what she should have said, I am sure of that.
She has betrayed me and will die.
She is good enough to leave.
She has not seen the change of fourteen years.
She has stopped me.
She has spied him with those sweet eyes already.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.” Why, all the boys in Venice follow him, crying, “
She has, and in that way she is making huge wastes. Because she is starved with her severity, she is cutting her beauty off from all
She is haunting me in every place.
She appeared in the habiliments of the goddess Isis that day, and then gave the audience, as it is reported.
She is a royal princess.
She is a virtuous and reverend lady.
She has been banished.
She has scolded past man's thoughts.
She is damned for it.
She is the daughter of this famous Duke of Milan, whom I have heard so often, but have never seen before, and whom I have received
She is dead.
She has already drowned in salt, though I am attempting to drown her memory with more.
She is a dowry.
She is perfection.
She is low-key.
She is never sad, but when she sleeps, and not ever sad, because I have heard my daughter say she has dreamed of unhappiness and
She is not well.
She is not worth you, then.
She is not, madam.
She is so kind, so kind, so apt, so blessed, and she is a good man.
She is the capital demand, which is comprised of the relics of our articles.
She is convinced I will marry her out of her own love and flattery, not out of my promise.
She is a protector of her honor, too.
She is spherical, like a globe.
She is stirring, sir.
She is your own.
She is too big for me to compass.
She is too fair, too wise, too fair to merit bliss by making me despair.
She knows the heat of a luxurious bed.
She lives.
She loved me for the dangers I had passed, and I loved her because she pityed them.
She loves me, sure.
She looked at me so much that I thought her eyes had lost their tongue because she was distracted.
She mocks all her wooers out of court.
She must change for youth.
She will be my sister, not my wife.
She is stealing me.
She gave her life, your name was so buried in her.
She replied that it would be better if he became her guest, which she argued.
She is sending this ring to you.
She robs you of your name, and you will show more bright and virtuous when she is gone.
She said that.
She is a simple bawd who can't say much.
She says you have some good sneezing in hand.
She sent Dromio home to dinner for you.
She will be buried by her Antony.
She will be buried with her face upwards.
She will not harm you, Helena.
She will not.
She will, Lucentio.
She should have died sooner.
She shows a body rather than a life, a statue rather than a breather.
She will know soon, by some of us, how honorable and kindly we are for her, because Caesar cannot live to be unfaithful.
She is talking poniards, and every word stabs.
She is talking, but she is not saying anything.
She is talking.
She stood and said something.
She is swooning to see them bleed.
She thanked me and told me that if I had a friend who loved her, I would only teach him how to tell my story to woo her
I am not a wife, but I am a wife.
She who will sliver and disbranch herself must wither and come to use deadly force.
She is a dainty woman, I will swear. She is a corn.
She was always fair and never proud, had tongue at will and was never loud, never lacked gold, and was never gay. She was never
The man who would alter your services with you, The Fortunate Unhappy, does not discover anything more.
She who would be your wife now ran away from you.
She who, so young, could give her father such a look, to see her father’s eyes up close as oak, he thought
She told her that if she kept it, it would make her amiable and subdue my father to her love. If she lost it or
She took the ring of me.
She turned to a frightening, and she was a whore.
She was a vixen when she went to school.
She was false as water.
She was here right now.
She was from Carthage, not Tunis.
She was Caius Marcellus's wife.
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain.
She was too good for me.
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She is very helpful.
She was an excellent wife for Benedict.
She will be happy.
She will indite him to some supper.
She will not come.
She will not.
She will sit with you. You heard my daughter tell you how.
She will taste as good as a crab does to a crab.
She wished she hadn’t heard it, but she wished heaven had made her such a man.
She will be lamented, pitied and excused from every hearer, if she dies.
She gave it to me, dying, and told me to give it to her when my fate would have me.
She will close and be herself while our poor malice is in danger of losing her old tooth.
She is a beagle, a true-bred, and adores me.
She is a triumphant lady, if she is a good friend.
She is an excellent sweet lady, and, out of all suspicion, she is virtuous.
She is busy, and she cannot come! Is that an answer?
She is just the sign and semblance of her honor.
She is cold.
She is dead as much as earth.
She is dead too, our sovereign.
She is dead, dead, she is dead.
She is dead, my Queen.
She is dead, she is dead, she is dead.
She is desperate.
She is as fruitful as the free elements.
She is in a very blessed condition.
She is gone forever.
She is a liar who has gone to hell.
She is not fourteen.
She is not well married, who lives married long, but she is best married, who dies young.
She is the worse for all this.
Sheathe your dagger.
You did not have any blood, or cut you less than a pound of flesh.
Shine out, fair sun, until I have bought a glass, so I can see my shadow as I pass.
I will leave my work soon, and you will have the air at freedom.
Should be. Should be.
Should I have answered Caius Cassius like that?
Should I lie, madam?
Shouldn’t I say, “Is a dog worth money?
Do not jump on our course.
If you do that, my lord, my speech should be so bad that I did not think about it.
Show the way, sir.
Show his eyes and grieve his heart.
Show me how.
Show me the place.
Show me which way.
Show me, my women, like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut the doors after you.
Shut that up and it will go out of the keyhole.
Shut up your doors, my lord.
Shut up your doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, even if I do not lend or borrow, I will break a custom to give my friend the ripe wishes.
Shylock, are you listening?
Shylock, you have three of your money.
I am sick.
Signior Baptista, my business is urgent, and I cannot come to woo every day.
Signior Baptista, will you be strange?
Signior Baptista, you are happy to be here.
Signior Brabantio, ho!
Signior Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I return.
Signior Gremio, did you come from the church?
Signior Hortensio, we are two hundred friends like you.
Signior Hortensio, are you coming to join the fight?
Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you.
Signior Lodovico?
Signior Montano, your trusty and valiant servant, recommends you with his free duty, and asks you to believe him.
Is your family in the same place?
Signior, it is the Moor.
Signior?
Signor Antonio praises you.
Signor Antonio, you have rated me over my money and my money.
Signor Antonio?
Signor Bassanio, listen to me.
Signor Bassanio!
Signor Benedick!
Signor, you are very close to my brother in his love.
Let’s sit for a while. Robin, take off this head, and strike more dead than the common sleep of all these five.
Silence that dreadful bell, it is a frightening situation for the island to be reliant on her own merit.
Quiet!
Quiet!
He is still silent, watching the rest of the day as if it were the same day, and finds you in the Norweyan ranks.
Silver.
I love you so much that I will send your soul to heaven soon, if heaven will take the present at our hands.
Sin from your lips?
Since Cassius first attacked me against Caesar, I have not slept.
Since Cleopatra died, I have lived in such a dishonor that the gods despise my sanity.
Since he has the jewel I loved, and the jewel you promised to keep for me, I will become as liberal as you are.
Since he left Egypt, it has become a space for more travel.
Since he left France, I have been practicing constant.
Since his majesty went into the field, I have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown on her and unlock her closet.
Since I am a favorer, I will keep it with a little money.
Since I came here, which I can call “secret,” I have heard strange news.
Since I have your permission to go away, I will hurry.
Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice and could distinguish from men, her election has sealed you for herself.
Since my young lady is going into France, sir, the fool has been scolded.
Since no man who leaves knows what to do, what can I do to leave early?
Since my beauty cannot please his eyes, I will weep what is left away and die.
Since respects and fortunes are his love, I will not be his wife.
Since the torch is out, do not lie down and go no further.
Since the count’s youth was today with your lady, she is still out of quiet.
Since the youth will not be able to get out of here, he is putting his own risk on his future.
Since they plotted the way my daughter was able to get rid of the dusky boy, I have been sworn to have her and her blind boy
Since you are losing your fortune, do not be content and do not seek anything new.
Since you give me pains, let me remember what you have promised me, which has not yet been done.
Sinful Macduff, they were all struck for you.
Sing it tonight.
Sing it.
Sink Rome!
I will whip you out of your fence, sir, I will.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate bid for my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby will be sworn that I am not a fox, but he will not say two pence that you are not a fool.
Sir Toby, I have to be round with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your father.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, Oxford, and Sir James Blunt, and Rice ap Thomas
I have a whole history, sir.
Sir, you are going to say a word.
Sir, amen.
Sir, are you my father?
Sir, I will be his king.
Sir, if I heard you correctly, the duke has put on a religious life and thrown the pompous court into neglect.
Sir, do you know me?
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck, sir.
Sir, do not grieve.
Sir, I am sorry he is going to be his best friend.
Sir, he answered me in the roundest manner he would.
Sir, he ate with her at the Porpentine.
Sir, he is with Caesar.
Sir, he can live.
Sir, he is rash and sudden in choler, and he may strike at you.
Here is the door, sir.
Sir, his chests and treasure are not with him.
Sir, he is not a fool in you, even though I know that splitting him into two would dizzy his memory.
Sir, I am a slander.
Sir, I told them to take you away.
I cannot, sir.
Sir, I will tell you to be content.
Sir, I know you, and I would like to thank you for a dear thing.
Sir, I haven’t seen you.
Sir, I am not getting any progress.
Sir, I have to get that diamond from you.
Sir, I never loved you much, but I have praised you when you deserve ten times as much as I said you did.
Sir, I tell you that you are a false king.
Sir, I tell you that we are not.
Sir, I will meet you in your career, if you are defending me.
Sir, I will do something worthy of studying.
Sir, I will answer any question.
Sir, in Argier.
Sir, he is fine, he is slain, slain, and slain, and slain, and slain.
Sir, in good faith or in sincere reassurance, I am under your great influence, whose influence, like the wreath of radiant fire on
Sir, there was a kind of fighting that wouldn’t let me sleep.
Sir, do you know this glove?
Sir, fifteen days of March have passed.
Sir, Mark Antony will only kiss Octavia, and we will follow him.
Sir, I am very careful.
Sir, my good friend, I will change that name with you.
Please do not attack your mind with beating on the strangeness of this business.
No, sir.
Sir, Octavius has already come to Rome.
Sir, pardon me for what I am saying.
Sir, should I go to this lady?
Sir, she can turn, turn, and turn, and yet go on, and turn again.
Sir, she is mortal.
Please be patient.
Sir, sir, I will have law in Ephesus, I do not doubt it.
Sir, sir, sir.
Sir, sir, that cannot be.
Sir, I am sure you did not eat at home.
Sir, hurry up.
Sir, the gods will have it.
Sir, the Queen.
Sir, there is a special commission from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello’s place.
She is standing there, sir.
Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true.
Sir, this is the matter. Please, remember.
Sir, this should be answered.
Sir, will you take her or leave her with those infirmities she owes?
Sir, if she gave you as much of her lips as she gives me, you will have enough.
Sir, you and I must be part of the group, but that is not it.
Sir, you are very welcome to our house.
Sir, you are right, and you are right.
Sir, you are talking nobly.
Sir!
Sir?
Sir?
Sirrah young gamester, your father was a fool to give you everything and in his waning age set foot under your table.
Sirrah, come here. There is no time to go out and then you will be able to go back to the moment.
Sirrah, go see what trumpet sounds like.
Sirrah, I will give you a speech.
Sirrah, naked fellow. Poor Tom is a cold.
Sirrah, your father is dead.
Sir, I will practice on this drunken man.
Do not let it alone.
Sir, take up the corse.
Sister, please, I am content with my discontent.
Sister, be quiet.
Sister, I have to say a little about what almost matters to both of us.
Hello, sister.
Sister, where are you?
You know he promised me a necklace.
Sister, you will go with us?
Sit down for a while and let’s assail your ears again, who are so distorted by what we have seen for two nights.
Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit in the middle of the house.
Sit down, Clitus.
Sit down and talk to her.
You can sit here too.
Sit down, Jessica.
Sit down, sir.
Sit down, worthy friends.
Sit down.
I never thought that lady would have loved any man.
Sitting on a bank, weeping the king again in my father’s wrack, this music screamed by me on the waters.
Six or seven thousand are their greatest powers.
Skip, stand back.
Slanders, sir.
Slave!
Slay!
Sleep a little.
Sleep on your eyes, and you will feel peace in your breast.
Sleep will not be hung on his penthouse nor on his porch.
Sleep, and I will wind you in my arms.
Sleeping and waking, keep me safe!
I will follow him again and beat him.
Is it a little bit a bit a bit a bit a bit?
A small feast of cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.
I have had a small joy in being England’s queen.
Smatter with your gossips, go.
Smile heaven on this fair relationship, who have frowned on their enmity for a long time.
Do you smile at my speeches as if I were a fool?
You are smiling?
Sneck up!
That is what is going on to you.
All hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
That is all.
I am sure I will do that.
The Prince and Claudio, who accused her of a wrong, are the ones who said you heard the news.
The same are the crisp, snaky golden locks that make such a gambol with the wind, if they are fair. The same are the
You are all the same, princes English.
You are going to revenge when you hear them.
So go away.
That is it.
I am so sick, as this is false, he is burdening me with a burden.
Well, please, master.
Caesar may.
Call the field to rest, and let’s go to part in the glories of this happy day.
I can do that.
So Chrish, save me, I will cut off your head.
I could do that.
I could have the next wish, that Lucentio had Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved the man so much that I have to cry.
She is so delicate with her needle, an admirable musician.
I did, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
I did, my liege.
So do all the thoughts.
I would never have cursed myself, because if I had, I would have cursed myself.
I do, too.
I do, my lord.
I do not.
I do not.
Then our vulgar drench their peasants in blood of princes, and the wounded steeds with wild rage.
The kings of France would hold up this Salic law to stop your Highness from claiming the female and rather hide them in a net than to
You do, too, where you see them thick.
The greater glory dims the less.
Every bondman in his own hand has the power to cancel his captivity.
So farewell, because Brutus’ tongue has almost ended his life.
Goodbye until we meet again.
Goodbye.
Goodbye to you both.
Your foolish sorrows send your stones farewell.
He smashed the sledded Polacks on the ice once.
It is so full of shapes that it is fantastical.
That is what Fulvia told me.
Go away in peace.
That is shame to stand still.
Good night to you all.
Guildenstern and Rosencrantz are going to do it.
They are friends to Antony.
My lord has urged him to fight single.
That is true.
So he laughed and let me go.
He served the first, and the third.
Help me to sanctify every spirit I have sanctified, as I have spoken for you all my best and stood in the blank of his displeasure
That is true!
Take my leave.
I am free.
I am willing to let him live.
I charmed their ears so that they walked through toothed briers, sharp furzes, pricking gorse, and thorns.
I do, madonna.
I do.
I hope so.
I am wooing her, and she is giving me, because I am rough and do not woo like a baby.
I will, my liege, live as I live.
I am young, and I am not ready to be a good reasoner.
I lose myself to find a mother and a brother, and to find them unhappy, and find them.
That is true in the world.
That is true.
He is in the process of any bold or noble enterprise, even if he is in this late stage.
Lysander is the same.
So is mine. Do you hear, monster?
I am a horse, Octavius, and for that I am a good man.
That is the deal.
That is the most important thing about losing.
That is what I am calling fame.
I am going to say that.
It should be, that none except Antony should conquer Antony.
I am so kind a father! Be my horses ready?
Let the tyranny run away until each man drops by lottery.
Let him land and solemnly see him set off to London.
Let it be Caesar.
How long has it been?
I have been so crazed by so many mishaps that my tongue is still mute and irritated.
Yes, it may be.
You may lose your arms.
That is what he is doing.
I will bet that I am worthy of praise.
Thank you, sir.
He was so happy to be a part of the party.
That is the way our leader is, and we are women’s men.
So we went out and we were left dark.
That is probably the case for you.
I am happy to leave the fine for half of his goods, so he will let me use the other half to make it available to him.
So please, what does the fellow say?
Please, because I have never heard it yet, but I have heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Please, he is here at the door and has access to you.
Please, something touching the Lord Hamlet.
Please, we will stand and watch you enjoy.
Please.
Please, please, I am going to talk about the Prologue.
Please, Lord, accept our duty.
Please, your majesty, wake the king.
So bright things get confused.
This place is so rare that a curious father and wife are making this place paradise.
That is right, done.
I think you are sadder.
That is what the Prince and my new lord say.
He will waste his money, weary his soldiers, and punish himself while we are still nimble and reliant.
I will dress myself in a forced content and shut myself up in some other way, to the fortune’s alms.
I will love you, and I will be you.
You will feel the loss, but not the friend you weep for.
You will enjoy your hope and marry sweet Bianca with your consent.
You will show me friendship.
So she can live without being slaughtered, I will admit she was not Edward’s daughter.
That is a good thing in a naughty world.
That is what a murderer should look like, so dead, so grim.
He looks like he is talking about things strangely.
I should look like the murdered, and I should look like you, and I am smothered by your cruelness.
We should, if you were our king, do so.
He swore his innocence so well that he escaped his guilt through his conversation with Shore’s wife and lived from all angles as a suspect.
That is the way Henry the Sixth was crowned in Paris, but at nine months old.
He is so fast thought that you can imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords want him to have his bruise helmet and his sword
Take her to you, shepherd.
Tell them, Publius.
I swear by my enemies, I am abused by my friends, and by my friends.
So that if we plant nettles or lettuce, weed and hyssop it up, or distract it with one of the same herbs,
So that in these ten thousand they have lost, there are only sixteen hundred mercenaries.
I would stay there to get to Mantua.
That, as clear as the sun is, King Pepin’s title and Hugh Capet’s claim, King Lewis’
If your four negatives make your two affirmatives, then I will be worse for my friends and better for my enemies.
The fool follows him.
The gods keep you and make the Romans’ hearts serve your purposes.
The gods will keep you.
The life that died with shame lives in death with glorious fame.
The woman who stood in the way for my wish will show me the way to my will.
The poor third is up, until death enlarges his confinement.
I should be able to see the sins of my mother.
The spirit is calm.
They are.
They are not doing anything, it is a jolly slip.
You can say the king is lying by a beggar if a beggar dwells near him, or if the church stands by your tabor
You, who has no unkind mate to grieve you, would relieve me with urging you to be patient, but if you live to see
I am so happy, my soul. A thousand times good night!
To the most noble Caesar.
To them both.
She turns every man out of the wrong side and never gives it to the truth and virtue that simpleness and merit are worth.
I was the one who banished him from your Highness.
I was the one who took your Highness’s dukedom.
So we grew together like a double cherry. She has seen dividing up, but still dividing up two lovely berries on one stem.
Your words are as good as your wounds.
They were the daggers, which we found on their pillows unwiped.
So were you.
When he opens his purse to give us our reward, your conscience flies out.
Is that white and a traitor?
I will turn her virtue into a pitch and make her a net that will send them all out of her own goodness.
It will do with Claudio.
It will continue until I lie with you.
I am sure you will love me.
You will tell me when you have seen the sequel.
You will wish me luck when I am in a rash mood.
I would not.
You can put a man in your belly.
You will.
So you walk softly, look sweetly, and say nothing. I am yours for the walk, and especially when I walk away.
So young and so rotten?
That is so young, my lord, and true.
So-so is good, very good, very excellent.
Goodbye.
So, again, good night.
Please help me.
I will be happy.
Goodbye.
I am satisfied.
That is what is going on.
Let me hear you speak.
So, because he knew I loved my books, he gave me a book from my own library with volumes that I am a big prize over.
So slave, let’s go!
So, so, so, so.
So, so, so.
Thank you to everyone at once and to each other, who we invite to see crowned at Scone.
That is what I am saying.
So, with two seemingly identical bodies, one heart, two of the first, like coats in heraldry, due only to one crest.
That is true.
That is true.
So, then, you are most famous. Caesar wants to not consider what case you are, even if he is Caesar.
Is it Beatrice?
Stillness and nighttime are the touches of sweet harmony.
Soft, Caesar.
Isn’t he here?
Here is the prose.
No, hurry.
I am soft, sir.
Soft, soft.
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
The priest is ready.
I am a bit tired, my masters.
Sojourn in Mantua.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
Sola!
Soldier, you are a soldier, but his entire action isn't in the power of it.
Soldier, why do you wear that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you have to come to the king.
Soldiers, watch carefully.
Soldiers, sir.
I was a beast to scold at him.
Some achieve greatness. What do you say?
Some are born great.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust on them.
Some blessed power will take us away from here.
You are in a mood of bloody anger.
I am feeling a little better, Nurse.
Some dear cause will wrap me up in concealment for a while.
Some dear friend is dead, but nothing in the world could turn any man’s constitution into a constant man.
A little dungeon.
Five or six hundred of his knights, who followed him as hot questrists, met him at the gate, and with some other of the lord
We had some food and some fresh water that a noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, who was appointed master of this design, gave us.
It will give you some friendship against the tempest.
Some god will direct my judgment.
I am going to do some good, even though I am not.
Some good man should take him away from here.
Some grief shows much of love, but some grief shows some desire for wit.
Hurry up, my lord.
Some innocents do not escape the thunderbolt.
Some kinds of sanity are under way.
Some light-foot friend will go to the duke of Norfolk— Ratcliffe, yourself, or Catesby.
Some men are not lovers of a gaping pig, some are crazy if they see a cat, and others, when the bagpipe sings in the
Some must go off.
Some of their plants are already rotten.
I will be ashamed, if you know what I am, how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Some officers take them away.
We need some oracle to correct our knowledge.
Some other time.
Some others are searching.
Some say the Earth was feverous and shaken.
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
He was a squirt that turned your wits off without you and made you suspect me with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple will bear the countermand, who came too late to see him burièd.
Some of you give me some money, some invite me, some give me thanks for kindness, and some offer me commodities to buy.
There are some people who will peep through their eyes and laugh like parrots at a bagpiper, and other people who will smile with
There are some people who kiss.
Some to Decius’s house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius’s.
Some people go to the common pulpits and cry out, “Liberty, freedom, and enfranchisement!” People
Some twenty of them fought in this black conflict, and all those twenty could only kill one person.
Some villain has done me wrong.
Some villains of my court are in a position to accept this and suffer.
Get some wine!
Somebody is knocking.
Someone take orders to bring Buckingham to Salisbury.
Something from Cyprus as I can divinely do.
You have heard about Hamlet’s “transformation”—so call it what it is.
He left something in the state that, since he came out, is thought of.
Something we will decide on.
A man who has puddled his spirit in a state, either from Venice, or from Cyprus, has puddled his spirit. In such cases
Sometimes I will be a horse, sometime a hound, some hog, some headless bear, and sometime a fire.
I have been wound with adders who have cloven tongues to make me mad.
Sometimes I would divide and burn in many places.
Sometimes she gallops up a courtier’s nose, and then dreams of smelling out a suit.
Sometimes she saw me receiving speechless messages from her eyes.
Son, I will be your half Bianca when Bianca comes.
Soon at five o'clock, please, I will meet you on the mart and then consort you till bedtime.
I will hear him and see him soon.
You must, but you must.
I will help you, sir.
I do not hear anything, madam.
Sorrow breaks the seasons and the hours of sleep, makes the night morning, and the noontide night.
I am sorry my noble cousin should suspect me that I am not good to him.
He has separated three souls, and his incense is so unreliable that it can only be a result of death and sepulchre.
Sound them, it is becoming the mouth as well.
Sound, music! Come, my queen, take my hands with you and rock the ground where these sleepers are.
Sound, trumpet!
Good, my lord.
Sovereign of Egypt, hail!
I have enough space in such a prison.
Don’t you say these words plainly?
Have you spoken of Caesar?
Have you spoken to him?
Are you complaining about Juliet?
Do not worry about the cost.
Speak again.
Speak one rhyme, and I am satisfied.
Speak it again and, even with the word, this hand, which kills your love for you, will kill your truer love for you.
Speak low if you are talking about love.
Do not talk about him anymore, you will be whipped for taxation one of these days.
Do not say anything against it.
Do not speak of Helena.
Do not say anything so grossly. You are all amazed.
Do not say anything.
Speak once again.
Speak softly.
Speak softly.
Speak the speech, as I said it to you, tripping on the tongue.
Speak the word along.
Do not say anything else.
Tell me now.
Speak to her, Hamlet.
Tell him.
Talk to me home.
Tell me what you are doing.
Speak to me.
Tell us.
Speak what we feel, not what we should say.
Speak inside the door.
Speak again.
Tell me.
Do you speak gently?
Tell me your job.
Speak, Agrippa.
Speak, count, it is your cue.
Speak, hands, for me.
Speak, I am telling you.
Speak, I will not go any further.
Speak, if you can. What are you?
Speak, is it out of the way?
Speak, man.
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair, and fair, I beg you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus. Thisbe, stand up.
Speak, speak!
Speak, speak.
Speak!
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Do you speak in sober terms?
Do you speak from your heart?
Get him out of here.
Spend this for me.
Spirit, we have to prepare to meet with Caliban.
Spirits, which I have called to act from their confines, are the ones I have called to act on my current desires.
Spit, fire!
Spoke like a tall man who respects your reputation.
Spoke like an officer.
Sport royal, I assure you.
Sport?
Rain!
Stand aside.
Stand away, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stand close and list him.
Stand far away.
Stand fast together, so some friend of Caesar’s can’t talk about standing.
Stand fast, Titinius.
Stand out of the body.
Stand away from the hearse.
Stand here, make a good show on it.
Do not stand up surprised.
Stand still.
So stand close to you under this penthouse, because it is raining, and I will tell you everything, like a true drunken.
Stand there.
Stand up.
Stand up.
Stand both of you up now, stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave.
Stand up, if you are a man.
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up, you slave, strike!
Stand!
Is he standing or sitting?
Is Scotland the same as it did?
Stanley dreamed that the boar razed his helm, and I swore it would not fly.
Stanley, he is your wife’s son.
Stanley, look at your wife.
Stanley, what is the news?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius showed the torchlight, but he did not come back.
Stay and speak.
Stay a little longer.
Stay here.
Do not stay to answer me, but get out of here.
Do not stay, go away.
Stay the friar.
Wait until I read the letter.
Stay with us.
Stay here.
Stay, countrymen.
Stay, dog, because you will hear me.
Stay, fellow.
Stay gentle Helena.
Stay, drink. Hamlet, this pearl is yours.
Please, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
Stay, madam.
Stay on your guard.
Stay, stand apart.
Wait, then.
Stay, even though you kill me, sweet Demetrius.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
Stay!
Did it stay long?
Stephano is my name, and I will be here at Belmont before daybreak.
Stephano!
Stephano!
I am still called, gentlemen.
It is still yours.
Be kind and make sure to make sure we are all done with your mind.
I told him it was vile and bad.
I am still in this mood, with color, ornament, for him.
It cried, “Sleep no more!” to all the house.
They are still alive, and they will be forever last.
That is still constant, Lord.
Are you still so cruel?
The wind still blows through the hawthorn, saying, “Suum, mun, nonny.”
You are still on the windy side of the law.
Stir with the lark tomorrow, gentle Norfolk.
Stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he is heading for England to claim the crown.
Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak.
Did the state do that?
Stoop, Romans, and let’s bathe our hands in Caesar’s blood until the elbows and besmear our swords
Stop her there.
Stop in the wind, sir.
Stop it, Marcellus.
Stop that, it will blow out the chimney with the smoke.
It is strange that sheep's guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies.
I have strange things in my head that I will hand, and that must be done before they can be scanned.
Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she has contaminated.
You have been asleep all this time.
Beat the drums!
Strike his wife?
Do not fight by land; keep whole.
Strike on the tinder, ho!
Strike the vessels, hmmm!
Beat the drum.
Strike, I say.
Strike!
Strike!
He is trying to avoid the wind and rain that is causing him to scold him.
We are always trying to improve things, and we are always trying to get better.
Strumpet, I am coming.
That marriage was like never before.
I am not afraid of such a person, or I am not afraid of it.
That is a natural philosopher.
I would be in the right hands for such a thing if you had a good ear to hear about it.
You were so finely smashed that you were.
I am from Antony, like I am.
She said that my lord said I was.
As comforting as lusty young men feel when they are snoring in April on the heel of limping winter treads.
The prince owes the subject such a duty, and even a woman owes her husband such a duty.
Such a thing has a shadow’s bliss.
That is what I am grieving to report, my lord.
We like to see such unconstant starts from him as this of Kent’s banishment.
That was the armour he had on his side when he was fighting the ambitious Norway.
It is difficult to reconcile such welcome and unwelcome things together.
The wind is spreading through the world, and young men are looking for their fortunes farther than they are at home.
Sue to him again, and he is yours.
Suffer love.
Suffolk died first, and York, all haggled over, comes to him where he lay in a gore and kisses him.
Sunday comes quickly.
Supper is over, and we will come too late.
Support him by the arm.
The French Ambassador returns to tell Harry that the king offers him.
Sure, he killed his wife.
It is hers.
Sure ones, then.
Thank you.
Yes, it is not true.
Sure, her offense must be so unnatural that you cannot believe in it (or your sane affections fall into a trap), but to believe in
I will never marry like my sisters, to love my father all.
I think so, and therefore I wish she knew his love better, so she wouldn’t be unable to do it.
It was the roar of a whole herd of lions.
Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock.
Sure, these are only imaginary wiles, and savages are living here.
I do not believe your fair cousin is wronged.
Yes, a good count, Count Comfect, a sweet gallant.
Susan and she were born in an age.
Swagger?
Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra’s sails.
She looks like my shoe, but her face is clean and clean.
Swear by her foot so she can tread out the oath.
Swear by my sword never to speak about what you have heard.
Swear by my sword.
Swear by your double self, and there is an oath of credit.
Do not wear a mask by the time you come, because you have misused your own equipment, and sometimes you have misused it.
Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, old feeble carrions, and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs.
Swear your love.
Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all been damaged.
Sweet Beatrice, are you going to come when I called you?
Sweet bodements!
Sweet Desdemona!
Sweet friends, go to bed.
Dear friends, please, I am waiting for you.
Sweet Hero, now your image is like a rare semblance that I loved first.
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
Sweet lady, you have given me life and living.
If your lordship were at leisure, I would give you something from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Sweet masters, be patient.
Sweet men, come to him.
What else you have not known, and what you are surprised by my surprise.
Sweet Moon, thank you for your sunny beams.
Now, quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, do not insult me.
Sweet Phoebe, please.
Sweet Portia, if you knew who gave the ring, if you knew who gave it, and if you knew who gave it, and if
Why don’t you say something?
You learn how to be thankful.
A sweet souvenir.
Sweet saint, for good reason, do not be so scolded.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Please be patient tonight.
Let’s go in, and have a chance to see them.
Sweetheart!
Sweet, say on.
Sweet, so would I.
Tell me, what does my love say?
Sweetest nut has a rind of sourest; Rosalind is such a nut.
She is in force until her life's end.
Sweets to the sweet.
Swell, bosom, with your fraughtness, because it is like aspics’ tongues.
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I will cry a match.
It is a sigh, for a so bad prayer as his prayer was never for sleep.
Sword is an oath, and oaths must be made.
Swords out, and tilting one at another’s breasts in opposition.
Swounds, tell me what you are doing.
Swum ashore, man, like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away the fool, gentlemen.
Take away the lady.
Take care of him, and you will see that the triple pillar of the world has transformed into a strumpet’s fool.
Take comfort.
Take each other’s censure, but keep your judgment.
Take away the sense of recklessness from the opposing numbers and take away their hearts.
Take care of your foul fiend.
Take care of Cassius.
Be careful not to fall.
Be careful, Signior Baptista, so you do not have to be fooled into doing this.
Take care of it, sir.
Take this jack away and whip him.
Take him for everything.
Take him away.
Take him on the costard with the hilts of your sword, and then throw him into the malmsey butt in the next room.
Take him up gently, and to bed with him, and each of them will go to his office when he wakes up.
Take in your love, and then let me alone.
Take it and do it, and leave me for this time.
Take it in what sense you want.
Take it thankfully.
Take it, brave York.
Take it, God, because it is nothing but yours.
Take me up.
Take my sword.
Do not take any notice of him.
Do not be offended by the fact that I would not offend you.
Do not take her part.
Do not take the fight from his powerful arm; he does not need to take any legal action to cut off those who have offended him.
Take note, take note, O world, to be honest and direct is not safe.
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute, not as a fee.
Take that of me, my friend, who have the power to seal the accuser’s lips.
Take that, and that.
Take the fool away.
Take the hint I am saying.
Take that too.
Take their examination yourself and bring it to me.
Take them away.
Take them in.
Take some new poison to your eyes, and the old poison will die.
Take that.
Take the bill, give me your yard, and do not spare me.
Take three of your money.
Take your face away.
Take your fair time, Laertes.
Take your forfeiture.
Do not take any hard thoughts.
Take up her bed and bear her women from the monument.
Take up my mistress’ gown for your master’s use.
Take up my mistress's gown to his master's use.
Take up the bodies.
Take up the body.
Take the sword back, or take me up.
Take up those cords. Poor ropes, you are beguiled, both you and I, because Romeo is exiled.
Take what wife you want to be to bed, I will always be your head.
Take care of her pranks and pranks.
Take some company and go to horseback.
Take you, as you were before, some distant knowledge of him, as if you were.
Take your place.
Take your time.
Do not talk about it.
Do not talk to me, because I will not say a word.
Do not talk to me.
Do not talk, Signior Gremio.
Are you talking about killing?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Talkers are not good doers.
Are you talking about ladies?
Be quiet.
Be sorry, good Beatrice.
Hurry, Jew.
I will go with you, Petruchio, because in Baptista’s house, my treasure is.
Tarry, rash wanton.
Be sorry, sweet Beatrice.
I will go, sweet soul, for mine.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Teach it only how, and you will see how apt it is to learn any hard lesson that can do you good.
Tell me how to think and speak, dear creature.
Tell me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him down, tear him down.
He is tainted with white hair, which the rages of the riots, with their rageless eyes, are causing them to rage.
Tears seven times salt burn out the sense and virtue of my eye.
It is too bad to tell and too harsh to hear.
Are you stupid?
Tell Antony Brutus that he is a king.
Tell her I am arrested in the street, and that will bail me.
Tell her my love is more noble than the world, does not give me any dirty lands.
Tell her the king, who can command her to do what she is able to do, which the king’s King forbids.
Tell him he will not speak with me.
Tell him his fears are shallow, without a sense of instance.
Tell him I am ready to lay my crown at the feet and kneel there.
Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf, and I hope everything will be well.
Tell him I would like to speak with him.
Tell him I will knock his leek over his pate on Saint Davy’s day.
Tell him my fury will abate, and I will take the crowns.
Tell him, the mayor, and the aldermen that we are not less important than our general good, in deep designs, and matters of
Tell him so yourself, and see how he will take it to you.
Tell him that I have received a post from my master with a horn full of good news.
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur, but we did not think it was good to bruise an injury until it was
Tell him that if he comes to this place, he will be satisfied and, by my honor, he will leave unattended.
Tell him, when our princely father blessed his three sons with his victorious arm, he did not think about this split friendship.
Tell me who is the one who is in court.
Have you seen a handkerchief with strawberries in your wife’s handkerchief?
Tell me, but then tell me the truth. Do you love my sister?
Tell me for more certainty, I swear I know your tongue.
Tell me in sadness who you love.
Do not tell me that you hear about this, Friar, unless you tell me how I can prevent it.
Tell me once more what you are saying.
Tell me that.
Tell me that.
Tell me yours first.
Tell me this, please: Where have you left the money I gave you?
Tell me what you know.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me why.
Tell me your advice.
Tell me your thoughts.
Tell me, and don’t dally: where is the money?
Tell me, daughter Juliet, how are you going to be married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, my friend, what is the torch that will give his light to grubs and eyeless skulls?
Tell me, heavenly bow, if Venus or her son are visiting the queen now?
Tell me, how is our loving mother?
Tell me, if your art can tell you so much, will Banquo’s issue ever return to this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, so I can sack the hateful mansion.
Tell me, you have unknown power. He knows what you thought.
Tell me, you villain-slave, where are my children?
Tell me, you villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Do not tell me.
Tell the clock there.
Tell the constable.
Tell the hot duke that you love him. No, but not yet.
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me.
Tell me the story!
Tell us what it is, gentle Casca.
Tell us what happened today that makes Caesar look so sad.
Tell us where it is, so we can carry it to the chapel.
Tell your pathetic heart that there is no harm done.
Temperance was a delicate woman.
Do not get him so far.
Each of the ten masts is different from the altitude you have fallen.
Give yourself more money or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase, running it like this—you will give me a fool.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Your greatness is abused when it disintegrates. Remove from power.
Your affair is hurrying, and you have to hurry up.
The ambassadors from Norway, my good lord, are returning joyfully.
I am glad to hear your love's faithful vow for me.
It is a good occasion, and my imagination sees a crown dropping on your head.
You are an honest man.
No man could be bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God. That is a good answer.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
Thanks to your Highness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, my dear lord.
Thank you, Egeus.
Thanks, my good countryman.
Thank you, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.
Thank you, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
Thank you sir. Thank you for your kindness.
Thanks, you brave man who approves of the Moor.
That is what many men do to save their gifts.
That one word banishment has killed ten thousand Tybalts.
That “fair” is again unremarkable.
That “may be” must be love on Thursday.
That “sort” was well rewarded.
That a woman’s heart has burned?
That a monster should be so natural.
I thank her for having a woman who conceived me.
Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have killed an hundred senators by proscription and law.
I can do that.
That can't be true, since I am still possessed of the effects for which I killed myself.
I will give that necklace to my hostess here, whether it is for spiteing my wife.
I could find it in my heart to stay here still and turn a witch.
That courtesy would be unclean if courtiers were shepherds.
That death is unnatural, because it is a loving thing.
You are going to defend yourself.
I have never heard that.
I did, my lord, and I was a good actor.
I am waiting for that.
That is done, I will walk on the works and get back to you.
That is done, restore to Pompey’s theatre.
Dreamers often lie.
That is always true.
I am always going to call you castaway.
I wish I could live forever to see you dead.
That eye was a sign my daughter gave her.
That eye that told you so much that you looked asquint.
That eyeless head of yours was first framed in flesh to raise my fortune.
I remember his face well.
That you have followed your sad steps from your first day of decay and difference.
That goldsmith, if he were not packed with her, could see it because he was with me, who parted with me to go fetch a
I found that handkerchief by fortune and gave my husband that handkerchief.
You gave me that handkerchief I loved and gave you to Cassio.
That has made him mad.
That he has not.
He has sworn in you.
I wish he could not bet the winds of heaven on her face too much.
He never was trained up in arms.
That head, my lord?
I will have Herod’s head.
That high all-seer I dallied with turned my feigny prayer on my head and gave me the skepticism I begged.
I ask again, because nothing can be bad if she is well.
I saw that.
I did that for him.
I wish I had loved the Moor to live with him, and my terrible violence and storm of fortunes may make the world more powerful.
I am disdaining you.
I have fought hard and hard to bring your imperial Majesties to this bar and royal interview, and I can see how you can see how
I have, lady.
I feel that I love her.
I wish I could sleep out this time when my Antony is away.
I was disdainful and had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales.
I will try that.
If you are honest and fair, you shouldn't admit anything to your beauty.
That is another simple sin, to bring the ewes and the rams together and offer to get your life by a copulation of cattle
That is because the murderer of the traitors lives.
That is done, sir.
That is enough to satisfy the senate.
That is him.
That is hot ice and strange snow.
That is my rest, and that is the place to go.
That is good.
That is the chain you had from me, sir.
That is the sum of everything, Leonato. Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato has invited you.
That is the reason for this, sir.
That is Portia’s voice, or I am deceived.
That is the way to make her slander you.
That is where we ate, where Dowsabel claimed me for her husband.
That is, watch her as we watch these kites that bate and beat and won’t be obedient.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
I would like you to leave these sad plans to him who has more reason to be a mourner.
That last one is true.
The light we see is burning in my hall.
That lord who advised you to give away your land, come place him here by me.
I begged for you, and he begged for me.
That may be true because you are a lot too wealthy to be rewarded, and some were away.
That may be true, sir, when I am a wife.
That is strange.
I was the most ill-looking boy there by your side from the rude sea's enraged and foamy mouth.
That is what we have to do.
That nature, which confounds its origin, cannot be ruled by itself.
That nothing but meditates on blood, swearing and stern looks, diffused attire, and anything that seems unnatural.
I will have it now. That is the humor of it.
Now Sweno, the Norwegian king, wants to be composed.
Our clothes, as they were, are still fresh and shiny, rather than stained with salt.
Petruchio?
That cowardly, giant-like ox-beef has devoured many of you men.
That villain, Romeo.
That is all.
That will be her.
That is what you will know later.
I thank her for bringing me up, and I thank her very humblely.
I know that she is worthy of her work.
I hope she can live here for a long time, God say amen.
That she was wrong to marry?
That she is the chosen signior Hortensio.
That is what you are not convinced of.
The man who serves and seeks for profit, and follows only for form, will pack when it begins to rain and leave you in the storm.
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once.
That song will not go out of my mind tonight.
That the soul of our grandam could inhabit a bird.
They do not have any armor, because if their heads were armed with any armor, they would not wear such heavy headpieces.
I wish they were, I could have been sucked in that oozy bed where my son lies. When did you lose your daughter?
I took it for a man.
You love my daughter from your soul.
I pardon you before you ask for it.
In the same hour, and in the same inn, a meaner woman was delivered from such a burden.
I saw that time when Cupid was flying between the moon and the Earth, and Cupid was armed.
That villain’s cousin who would have killed my husband.
That was in your rage.
That is what the noise is.
We should, with joy, joy, and applause, transform ourselves into beasts.
That is a kind of hope for you.
That would be the most if he married you.
The fact that they were drunk has made me bold.
I gave you the same thing.
The horse is now a horse, even though it is thought it is a horse, and it is not as distinct as water is in water.
I am qualified for what ordinary men are looking for.
I cannot tell you what you are doing.
That will be the sun.
I will do that.
I will make that decision before I let you go.
I will, because I have to answer back how you excuse my brother, Rosalind.
I will, Pompey.
I will, if I die the hour afterward.
I will.
That is never true.
I have made my way through obstacles more difficult than twenty times your stop.
That would hang us, every mother’s son.
I wish I had kingdoms to give with her.
I wish I were king of all kingdoms.
You have been afraid of it.
I am not jealous of you.
You do not think you are what you are.
You have condemned and noted Lucius Pella for taking bribes here of the Sardians.
That is what you have to teach me.
You will find him, lead the Sagittarian to the search, and I will be with him there.
You should be punished here, the actors are at hand, and you will know everything you are like to know.
You should think we are not going to offend you, but with good will.
That young man you saw here only a few times, that little man does not care about buying anything.
That she is mad herself, and she is madly mated.
That, sir, which I will not report after her.
What is that?
That is true.
That is a certain text.
That is a degree of love.
That is a fault that water will repair.
That is a fault.
That is a dangerous shot from an elder gun, that a poor and private person can do against a monarch.
That is a question.
That is all one thing: I have hurt myself, and it is the end.
That is all one thing.
That is all.
That is as much as to say they are fools who marry.
That is as much as to say, the sweet boy is in love.
That is what we are going to do to make him happy.
That is true, if the devil can judge her.
That is true.
That is worse.
That is good.
That is the one who was Othello.
That is her torment.
That is mercy, but it is too much security.
That is more than we know.
That is more to me than my wetness.
That is true, and with you.
That is my brave lord.
That is what I am afraid of.
That is my good son.
That is my master!
That is my job.
That is my sister.
That is not a job for a friend, my lord.
That is not good now.
That is not good.
That is not true.
That is not the tune.
That is one of them.
That is what we are offering.
That is sides and heart.
That is strange.
That is the end.
That is the next thing to do.
That is twice.
That is two of his weapons.
That is very true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “fiery” duke?
The “why” is as simple as it is to go to the parish church. Whoever is a fool who is very wisely hit is
The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
The adventurous knight will use his foil and target, the lover will not sigh gratis, and the funny man will end his life in peace.
The age has grown so quickly that the toe of the peasant comes near the heel of the courtier.
The air is shining on us very sweetly.
The air is nimble and sweetly recommended to our gentle senses.
The sun in the sky has been watching her since the world began.
The ancient saying is no king.
April is in her eyes, it is love, it is spring, and these showers are the way to bring it on.
The arbitrament is like a bloody battle.
What is the article of my oath?
The barbarous Scythian, or the man who makes his generation mess with his appetite, will be as well neighbored, pitied,
The bark is ready and the wind is at help, your associates tend to tend to, and everything is bent for England.
The horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
The beds in the East are soft, and thanks to you, who called me more time-consuming than my intended purpose.
The best and soundest of his time has been rash.
I will do the best I can, my lord.
The best of this kind are shadows, and the worst aren’t worse if you are thinking about it.
The best news is that we have found our king and company safely.
The best?
The better for the King of heaven who has him.
The better for your friends.
The better you ask your Lordship.
The bloody proclamation to escape, that followed me so close. Once we are in our lives.
The blow you had will make me feel better when you move me to rage, and I will bet you what you can beg.
The bounty and the benison of heaven to boot.
The boy warns that something is approaching.
The boy was the person I was, my friend.
The breaking of such a thing should make a bigger crack.
He is already coming to the bridegroom.
The British forces are marching here.
The broken rancor of your high-swoll's hates, but lately splintered, knitted, and joined together, must be preserved
The state's business makes him offended, and he is scolding you.
The business of this man looks out of him.
I cannot stand my absence.
The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit, and my mistress made it one on my cheek.
The captain who brought me first on shore has my maid’s clothes.
Give it to the captain.
The carriages are the hangers.
The castle has been redesigned with a gentle twist.
The reason is in my will.
The majesty of death is not alone, but, like a gulf, it is a way to draw the majesty out of it.
The chain.
The chaplain of the Tower has buried them, but I do not know where, to say the truth, I am not sure.
The children live with fathers you slaughtered, ungoverned youth, to wail it in their age.
The children who were so disposed of, my wife and I, whose eyes were fixed on whom we were concerned, fixed our eyes on each other
The citizens are up, and Tybalt has been killed.
The clerk is answering.
The clock has stricken three.
The clock struck nine when I sent the Nurse.
The cockerel.
The competitors are entering.
The concavities of it aren’t enough, because you can talk to the duke, you can talk to him, and he
What is the problem, sir?
Then you have scared your husband from using wits.
The constable of France.
The content is to blame.
The cords Romeo told you to get?
The Count Claudio will marry Leonato’s daughter.
The count himself is wooing her.
The Count is neither sad, sick, or merry, nor well, but civil count is as civil as an orange.
The Count’s gentleman, Cesario.
The court awards it, and the law gives it to him.
The cowslips are tall enough to be her pensioners.
The crowner has sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air are scarce as beetles.
The cry is still “They come!” Our castle’s strength will laugh a siege to scorn.
The sanity of her passion invites me to join this churlish messenger.
The bell has rung.
The date is out of such a bad mood.
The Dauphin is waiting for morning.
The Dauphin, whom we fought with, returns to tell us that his powers are not ready to raise such a siege.
The day has broken.
The day is over.
The day is yours.
The day will come when you will wish to help you curse that poisonous toad.
The day, my friends, and everything is going on for me.
I will give you the dearest ring in Venice, and I will find it by proclamation.
Antony’s death is not a single crime.
We are talking about the deep night, and we need to be careful, which we will do with a little rest.
The desperate weather has banged the Turks so much that their plans are halting.
The devil damne you black, you cream-faced loon!
The devil himself couldn’t pronounce a title more hateful to me than a title I would like to hear.
The devil speaks in him.
The devil is in order.
The dew is raw and cold.
The ditty remembers my drowned father.
The door is open.
The evil dram is the most noble thing to doubt his own scandal.
The drink, the drink!
The drops of this fool drown.
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
The duke will be here tonight.
The Duke greets you, general, and he will have to wait for you to get your appearance ready.
The Duke himself, or any of my brothers of the state, can not only feel this wrong as if it were their own.
The Duke in council?
The duke is funny.
The duke must grant me that.
The Duke, my father, loved his father very much.
The Duke of Exeter loves you.
The duke of Exeter has maintained the pridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, whom the siege orders, is entirely directed by an Irishman, a valiant gentleman.
The duke of York recommends him to your Majesty.
The Duke is in council and your noble self, I am sure, are sent for.
The duke is to blame in this.
The earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment. Goodnight, Captain Blunt, and by the second hour in the morning, I
The early village cock has twice saluted the morne.
The ears are so stupid that we should hear him to tell him that his command is fulfilled, that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern
The earth has bubbles, like the water, and these bubbles are.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The earth is nature’s mother, is her tomb.
The elements are kind to you and make your spirits feel comfortable.
The Emperor calls Canidius.
The enemy is coming on in a gallant show.
The enemy is growing every day.
The enemy will make a fuller number up, come on refreshed, added, and encouraged, and we will cut him off.
The English are embattled, you French peers.
The English force, please.
The English power is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward and the good Macduff.
The even mead who brought sweetly the freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover, who wanted the scythe
The evil men do lives after them; the good is often buried in their bones.
The excuse you make for this delay is longer than the story you are telling.
The Fairyland does not buy the child of me.
I will answer the question.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
It is your fault.
The fearful passage of their death-marked love and the continuance of their parents’ rage, which could remove, is now the two hours
The fee is simple.
The fellow is good at judgment.
The fiend gives the more friendly advice.
The fiend is rough and won’t be used in a large way.
The fiend is strong inside him.
The fire has tried this seven times, seven times, and never the fire has been a bad one.
The first question I will ask my Nerissa is whether she would prefer to stay until the next night or go to bed now.
The first person who came to greet me was my great father-in-law, Warwick, who said loudly, “What scourge for perjury
The flat transgression of a schoolboy who, being overjoyed with finding a bird nest, shows it to his companion.
The enemy is on the field.
The crows are stuffed with the murrain flock.
The fright of this island.
The food that is being given to him now is as sweet as the sour food, and will soon be as bitter as coloquintida.
The fool will stay.
The forfeit of my servant’s life, sovereign, who slew today a riotous gentleman who was waiting for the Duke of Norfolk.
The former Hero!
The foul fiend bites my back.
The foul fiend follows me.
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale.
The foul practice has turned itself on me.
The worst thing I have ever done is to get my second life.
The four strangers want you to leave.
The French ambassador was greeted by a large crowd.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French are gone, look, and there are gallant and prave passages.
The French could have a good prey of us if he knew about it, because there are no guards for it except boys.
The funeral baked meats were preparing the marriage tables for the cold weather.
I am looking for a win in the match.
The gallants want it.
The galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers to each other, and many of the consuls raised and met are at the Duke
The games are finished and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be shut down, and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart, in the liberty of a bloody hand
The general and his wife are talking about it, and she speaks for you stoutly.
The general speaks to you.
The generals would like to say some words.
The gentleman who danced with her told her you are wronged.
The gentleman will fight for his honor.
The gentleness of all the gods will go with you.
I have given him a glove that I have given him to do a favor, and I will give him a box with a ear.
The glowworm shows the matin to be near, and he is starting to pale his uneffectual fire.
The god of Jupiter.
The gods are just, and our good vices make us plagued.
The gods know. Oh, never was there a queen so sanely betrayed!
The gods have ruined you.
The gods defend her. Watch him leave for a while.
The gods protect him from such a terrible shame.
The gods do this in shame of cowardice.
The gods forbid!
The gods make this a happy day for Antony.
The gods reward your kindness.
The gods withhold me.
The gold I gave Dromio is safe at the Centaur, and the heedful slave has wandered out, looking for me.
The good years will devour them, flesh and fall, and they will make us cry.
You are in the dark, friends.
The gown is made as if my master had a direction.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, checking the eastern clouds with streaks of light, and fleckled darkness.
The great battle of the sea and the skies shook our friendship.
The great rage is killed in him, you see.
The greater cantle of the world is lost with very little ignorance.
The greater part, the horse in general, are coming with Cassius.
The greater we should be, therefore.
The greatest thing about it is his melancholy.
The ground is really tawny.
The ground is bloody. Search about the churchyard.
The hand of death has raught him.
The handkerchief!
The heads of the maids?
The heart is so intense.
The hearts of old gave hands, but our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.
The heavens are lurching on you for some ill, and you will never move them again by crossing their high will.
The heavens forbid that our love and comforts should grow even as our days grow.
The heavens themselves have blazed up the death of princes.
I showed you the herb once.
The higher the Nile rises, the more it promises.
He talks about the honor, but I did not have it.
Who is the honorable lady of the house?
The hour of death is gone.
The hour is over.
The house will be quieter.
The hurt can't be anything.
The horcanian deserts and the vast wilds of Arabia are as thoroughfares for princes to come to see Portia.
The images of rebellion and flying off.
The ingratitude of this Seleucus makes me wild.
The interim is mine.
The iron tongue of midnight has told twelve.
The itch of his affection shouldn’t have nicked his captainship at such a point when half to half the world opposed him.
The Jew will have justice.
The Jew will have my flesh, blood, bones and all, and you will lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you had from me to deliver Desdemona would have corrupted a votaress half of the time.
The power of the king makes me weak, weak, and your reconciler.
The juice of it on the sleeping eyelids will make a man or woman madly dote on the next live creature that it sees.
The king and prince are at prayers.
The king and queen are coming down.
The king is coming here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king is more beautiful than a man, daring to be a threat to everyone.
The king is a man who is not a child.
The king has killed his heart.
The king has given every article, his daughter first, and, in the sequel, all, according to their firm proposed nature.
The king has heard them, and there is no answer yet.
The king has taken note of everything they intend to do, by interpreting what they do not dream of.
The king has strictly accused the contrary.
The king himself rode to see their battle.
The king’s master has to take it seriously, so he should restrain him from being a little valued in his messenger.
The king is coming.
The king is full of grace and fairness.
The king is crazy.
The king is not obliged to answer the specific endings of his soldiers, the father of his son, and the master of his servant.
The king is not going to answer it.
My uncle is to blame for it.
The king my father?
The King of Naples, who is an enemy to me, hears my brother’s suit, which was that he, in lieu of homage
The king is up.
The king will drink to Hamlet’s better breath, and he will be richer than the four successive kings in Denmark.
The King will be gone from Southampton.
The king would speak with Cornwall.
The king, his brother, and yours are all distracted, and the rest of them are mourning, scolding sorrow and dismay.
The king, sir. Yes, sir. What about him?
The king has said that he will not exceed you three times in a dozen passes.
The king has waged six barbarian horses against whom he has impawned, as I say, six French rapiers and poniards with
The king is to blame.
The king?
The king is a savage, a heart of gold, a lad of life, a savage of fame, of parents good and a valiant fist.
The king is a bed.
I have landed the king’s son by himself, who left the air cooling with sighs in an odd angle of the island, and
The king’s son Ferdinand, with his hair up-staring, and then, like reeds, not hair, was the first
The knave is good.
We are wasting our time on physics.
The ladies in her room saw her abed, and early morning they found the bed of their mistress untreasured.
The Lady Beatrice has a fight with you.
The lady is dead after my false accusation.
The lady of the Strachy married the man of the wardrobe.
The lady is protesting too much, I think.
The worst changes are coming to laughter.
The last of the Romans, farewell!
The last thing she said was “Antony, most noble Antony!” Then in the middle of a groan, she broke
The last thing I saw was that I felt your tyranny.
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law has another hold on you.
The law that threatened death becomes your friend and turns it into exile. You are happy.
The laws are mine, not yours.
The time and the time of the day cut off the ceremonious vows of love and the endless exchange of sweet words.
The less they deserve, the more you deserve.
The letters he speaks of may be my friends.
The lieutenant will be saved before the ancient.
The lieutenant will watch on guard's court tonight.
The life.
The same thing happens on her arm.
You are out of your control.
The little dogs and all, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—see, they bark at me.
I wish I could have the strength I have with you.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord bless you, noble Harry.
The Lord Mayor is knocking.
The Lord protect him from that title.
The love that follows us may be our problem, which we still thank as love.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet are all sane.
The madly used Malvolio. Did he write this?
The main concern is that it is a long thought.
The man is crazy.
The man in the moon.
The man is innocent.
The man is notwithstanding enough.
The man should be put in the ring.
The man who sold the lion’s skin while the beast lived was killed by hunting him.
How did they die?
The mariners were all stowed under hatches, and I have left asleep with a charm that accompanied them to their labor.
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What is the matter?
The Mayor and all his brethren are in the best form, like the senators of Rome, with the plebeians swarming at their heels.
The mayor is at hand.
In the meantime, lady, I will raise the question of the preparation for a war that will stain your brother.
The meat was good if you were happy.
The merchandise you have brought from Rome are all too dear for me.
The mercy that was quick in us but late by your own counsel was suppressed and killed.
The messenger arrived on my guard and is now unloading his mules in your tent.
The messengers from our sister and the king.
The messengers of Venice keep the meat.
The messengers!
The mighty dukes of Gloucester and Buckingham.
The mighty gods defend you!
I will never shake my mind and my heart with fear or doubt.
The moment they plotted is almost here. Well done.
The moblèd queen?
The money you owe me for the necklace.
The moon is down.
The moon looks like a watery eye.
The moon is bright.
The moon?
The Moor has already changed with my poison.
The Moor has killed my mistress.
The Moor himself is on the sea and is in full service here for Cyprus.
The Moor says that he is famous in Cyprus and has a great affinity for Cyprus, and that he is not only able to refuse you.
The Moor has been abused by some villainous knave, some notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.
The more fool you are for laying on my duty.
The more fool to mourn for your brother’s soul being in heaven, the better.
The more I hate him, the more he follows me.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
The more I pray, the lesser I am.
The more I am wrong, the more he seems to be spiteful.
It is a little sad that fools cannot speak wisely about what wise men do foolishly.
The more pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.
The morning is fair.
The morning is approaching.
The most exquisite Claudio?
The most infectious pestilence on you.
The most you wanted was her promotion, because it was your heaven that she should be promoted.
I will be your partner.
His moods are dull as nighttime, and his affections are dark as Erebus.
The squeak surge that screams on the idle pebbles cannot be heard so high.
The music!
Cassius’s name honors this corruption, and chastisement hides his head.
The nature of bad news affects the teller.
The nearer, the nearer, the more bloody.
The news is true, my lord.
The next Caesarion smite, until the womb’s memory is passed.
The next thing she wakes up looks at—whether it is a lion, a bear, a wolf, or a bull, a monkey or a
The next, our ship—which we gave out three glasses since we gave it out—is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when
The night has been unruly.
The noble Brutus told you Caesar was ambitious.
The noble Brutus is ascended.
The noble duke, my master, my worthy arch and patron, is coming tonight.
The noblest deer has them as large as the rascal.
The noise they make will wake Demetrius up.
The note is in the throat, if he says I said that.
The oars were silver, which, to the tune of flutes, kept the stroke, and made the water they beat follow faster.
The oats have eaten the horses.
The obscure bird screamed livelong night.
The odds are gone, and nothing remarkable has been left over.
The old cock.
The old man and his people cannot be well rewarded.
The old man’s daughter told us everything.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
The one I will stay, the other keeps me.
The one is too like an image and does not say anything. The other is too like my lady’s eldest son, always tattling
The one of them contains my picture, Prince.
Roderigo’s death will be the one of them.
The one who poisoned for my sake, and then slammed herself.
One, to save the money he spends on tiring, the other, to ensure that they do not drop in his porridge at dinner.
The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, and death is the place, considering who you are.
The order was reversed.
The other one did not.
The other half comes to the general state, which is a fine.
The other half of the crime is in the hands of the state’s debtors, and the offender’s life lies in the
The ox has stretched his yoke in vain, the sluggish man has lost his sweat, and the green corn has rotted before his youth.
The pale companion isn’t for our pomp.
The passages of rivers, creeks, and narrow lands; a hound who runs against the ground and draws dryfoot well, one who
The patch is kind enough, but it is a huge feeder, snail-slow in profit, and he sleeps more than the wildcat.
The people know it, and now he has been accused.
The people love me, and the sea is mine.
The perdition of the athversary has been very great, reasonable great.
The phrase would be more logical to the matter if we could carry a cannon by our sides.
The pig, or the great, or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all one thing.
The “ plainsong” is just because humor is everywhere.
The play is the one where I will catch the conscience of the king.
The players cannot keep their counsel.
Then, venom, you are going to work.
You are going to be poisoned by that.
The poop was beaten with gold, purple sails, and so perfumed that the winds were like loveicks.
The poor world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time there has been no man who died in his own person.
The poison is poisoning my spirit.
I have bought the pound of flesh I want from him.
The power of Caesar and his power to Octavia.
The kingdom’s powers are approaching.
The prayers of holy saints and wronged souls, like high-recommended bulwarks, stand before our faces.
The Prince and Claudio promised by this hour to visit me.
The Prince and Monsieur Love!
My brother’s prince has outgrown me.
The Prince of Arragon has taken oath and comes to his election now.
The Prince will punish you for death if you are taken.
The Prince’s fool!
The princes both make good accounts of you. I know they do, and I have deserved it.
The princess is the better Englishwoman. I am sure my wooing is fit for your understanding.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
Nothing has been hidden.
The fight is between our masters and us men.
The Queen is approaching.
The queen is a carousel to your fortune, Hamlet.
The queen wants you to enjoy some fun with Laertes before you fall to play.
The Queen of audience and desire will fail, so she will drive her all-disgracing friend out of Egypt or take his life there.
The Queen will be kindly, so she will give us up.
Your mother sent me to you.
The queen, my lord, is dead.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
Cordelia and her father have to have a better place.
The question of his death is a question that is being answered in the Capitol.
The rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance.
The rate, Shylock, should we behold your vows?
The best way to make the wench amends is to become her husband and her father.
I am sure he is insane, and besides this actual example of his rage, he told me a story of his own being shut against his entrance
The reason why the seven stars aren’t more than seven is pretty.
The plague has rid you of learning me your language.
You are welcome as your master is.
The rest of the women are aloof, with bleak faces coming out to see the issue of their exploit.
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, and gentlemen of blood and quality.
The rest of the day is marching on with me.
The rest of us will keep their names as they are.
The rest of you will comfort you, because your advice is sound.
The revelers are coming, brother.
We are not going to take revenge on your traitorous father.
The round world would have shook lions into civil streets and shook citizens to their dens.
The royal tree has left us with royal fruit, which, mellowed by the stealing hours of time, will make us happy by his reign.
The saddler had it, sir, but I did not keep it.
That is true, a very valiant fellow.
That is the same.
The sea would have flooded the sea with such a storm as his bare head endured.
The second cock has crowed.
The same name, but one of better nature.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
The messengers from here are ready to go.
The shame itself is saying something to remedy it immediately.
The ship was under sail.
The lark has been shrill-gorged so far cannot be seen or heard.
The sight is dismal, and our affairs from England come too late.
The sight of lovers feeds those in love.
I think you had a sight from me, from Claudio and the Prince.
The sin on my head is dreadful, because in the Book of Numbers it says: “When the man dies, let the inheritance be ruined
My wife’s sister, this lady, your son has been married by this.
The skies are painted with unnumbered sparks.
The skies, the fountains, and every area near me were all a cry.
The skin is good for your broken coxcomb.
The sky frowns and lours our army.
The sky would pour down a stinking pitch, but the sea, soaring to the welkin’s cheek, dashes the fire.
The sleeping and the dead are just as pictures.
The slip, sir, the slip.
The soldier's pole is falling.
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son has fled.
I have been a close friend of Clarence’s son, his daughter has been a sex lover, the sons of Edward sleep in Abraham's
The sooner, the better for you.
I have a sorrow that I have rightly, and all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
The soul and body aren’t more involved in parting than the greatness going off.
The sound is going away.
My father’s spirit is strong in me, and I will not endure it.
The spirit has tormented me.
The spirits who know all mortal consequences have said that I am not afraid.
The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood is stopped.
Spring, summer, childing autumn, angry winter change their lives, and the world, by their rise, now does not know which one is
The star is falling.
The starry welkin cover you with drooping fog as black as Acheron, and lead these testy rivals astray.
The storm is up and everything is on the way.
The story is still alive, and it is a choice of Italian.
The strangers are all gone.
The strings, my lord, are false.
I have disclosed the sum of everything I can.
The sun gilds our armor.
The sun is high, and we are out of the day.
The sun still does not clear your sighs from heaven, and your old groans still ring in my old ears.
The sun was not as true to the day as it was to me.
The sun will not be seen today.
The sun.
The sweet and bitter fool will appear now. The one who is in a sleeve here, the other found out.
The sweeter rest was mine.
I have had the sweetest sleep and the fairest dreams I have ever had.
The table is full.
The taming school?
The taper is burning in your closet.
The tempest in my mind is to take all the other feelings except what is going on.
The tender prince would have come with me to meet you, but his mother was unable to help him.
The terms of our estate may not be as dangerous as the slanders of his brother.
The testament!
The text is foolish.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threatened me were on my back.
The third world is yours, which you can do with a snaffle, but not with a wife.
The third part is drunk.
The thought of gnawing my soul is like a poisonous mineral, and nothing can or will be good for me until I am reunited with him
The thoughts of people.
The three muses mourning the death of learning, late deceased in beggary.
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels of senators, praetors, and common suitors will turn a poor man almost to death.
We will spend the time between us two and six.
I would rather hear a nightshriek, and my hair would rouse and stir as much as life would be.
The time has come when the brains were out, and the man would die, and that is the end.
The time is coming.
The time is free.
The time is very short.
The time of universal peace is approaching.
The time has come.
It was once when you would vow that never words were music to your ear, that never object pleasing to your eye, that never touch well to
The time will bring it out.
The town is besieged, and the trumpets call us to the breach, and we talk and, be Chrish, do not do anything.
The town is a parley.
The town will rise.
The gang is stealing.
The treacherous instrument is in your hand, unbated and envenomed.
I remember the trick of that voice.
The triplex is a good tripping measure, or the bells of Saint Bennet may remind you.
The trumpery in my house, go bring it here for the capture of these thieves.
The Turk is ready for Cyprus.
The tyrannous and bloody act is done, the most cruel massacre this country has ever committed.
The night is too rough for nature to endure.
I have been remorsed by the words "judgment."
The usurer hangs the cozener.
The valiant taste of death never comes only once.
The venom of a jealous woman is more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
We hope that such a bad look has lost their quality, and that this day all grief and conflict will turn into love.
The head and front of my offending are in this state, no more.
I saw you in the instant I saw you, my heart was flying to your service. There is a place to make me slave to it.
I followed him fast, but he did fly faster, and I am falling in a dark uneven way.
The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke, who went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain will not escape.
The violet smells to him as it smells to me.
Cassio’s voice.
I will add twenty thousand crowns to their losses, another dowry to another daughter, because she has changed as she never had.
What is the wager?
The wall should curse again.
The watchdogs bark.
The watery kingdom, whose ambitious head spits in the face of heaven, is no bar to stop the foreign spirits.
The way we go is dangerous.
The weakest fruit drops to the ground early.
The weary way has made you melancholy.
We have to obey the weight of this sad time.
The west still has some streaks of light.
What?
The whole butt, man.
The wife of Antony should have an army for an usher and the neighs of horse to tell her about her approach long before she appeared.
The wildest people do not have such a heart as you.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind is sitting in your sail and you are waiting for it.
The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees have left this vault to be sprayed.
She drinks the wine from grapes.
Your wisdom has cost me a hundred crowns since dinnertime.
The wiser the man, the wiser the man.
The wolves have preyed on the drowsy east, and look at the gentle day before the wheels of Phoebus, around the corner
He has been so long ago.
The woods of Birnam.
The word is too good to paint out her wickedness.
The words expressly are "a pound of flesh." Take your bond, take your pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of Christian blood
The world does not have any law to make you rich.
The world respected your father honorably, but I found him my enemy.
The world is so bad that wrens make prey where eagles do not dare.
The world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
The world is huge.
The worm of conscience still begnaws your soul.
The worm that has fled has a nature that will breed in time, and no teeth for the moment.
The worms were sprayed with the silk, and it was dyed in mummy, which the skillful men of the maidens were able to keep.
The worst fault you have is being in love.
The wren goes to it, and the small gilded fly is a lecher in my sight.
The younger ones rise when the older ones fall.
You said, “England is yours, Ireland is yours, France is yours, and Harry Plantagenet is yours.”
I will take your virtues here, whether it is legal or not, I will take up what is left out.
I am their aunt, and I love their mother.
Their battles are at hand.
Their bloody sign of battle is hanging out. Something needs to be done immediately.
Their love course, the day of her death.
Their defeat is growing by their own insinuation.
Their great guilt, like poison given to work a great time afterward, has begun to bite the spirits.
Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk, and in their summer beauty kissed each other.
Their malady convinces the great ass of art, but at his touch—that sanctity has given heaven his hand—they are changing.
Their savages are unmatched courage.
Their names are snuck.
Their papers are more legal.
They are ready today by sea.
Their reputation and their profit were better both ways.
Their shadows are the most fatal canopy in our army, ready to give up the ghost.
Their ships are heavy, yours.
Their villainy is against my weak stomach, and I have to cast it up.
Then he is dead. The rest of the people who are already in the midst of the expectation are already in the court.
Then it is like a sigh of relief from a frightened lawyer.
Then it is almost like Macbeth's sovereignty will fall on him.
We are beggars, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the beggars’ shadows.
Then she started to deal with grief alone.
Then be so, my good lord. How is the king?
Then be a jocund.
Be your eyes the witness of their evil.
Then my children will never have names.
Then ask for adieu and say the tears are coming to Egypt.
Then both, or one, or anything you want.
Then bring me to their sights.
You are coming back to France after your thoughts.
Then he burst his mighty heart and, in his mantle muffling up his face, even at the base of Pompey’s statue.
Then I will just wait a minute to get your food, like a doe, and go find my fawn and give it food.
Then I am not in bed.
Then we call this the field of Agincourt, a land that was ruined by Crispin Crispianus.
Then you can confirm your Lordship that this night he dreamed that the boar had razed his helm.
Then I will be back.
Then comes the time, who lives to see it, that going will be used with feet.
Then she cursed Hastings.
Then they imitated the one I composed to my courser, because my horse is my mistress.
You should ask me what I should do so that I can do it in your knowledge, and I am pressed to do it.
Then he says he gave me some shipping, unrestored.
Edgar was abused.
Every soldier kills his prisoners.
Then fly!
Follow me and give me a crowd, friends.
Then go out, dear countrymen.
Then we will go in to see his embassy, which I could tell with a guess that I would be able to tell before the Frenchman tells me
Then God be blessed, it is the blessed sun.
Then you would have an excellent head of hair.
Then half of Signor Benedick’s tongue in Count John’s mouth, and half of Count John’s melancholy in
Have at you, boy!
Have my wit at you.
Have my lips sinned about the sin they took.
Then he is dead.
Then he offered it to him again, then he put it back by again.
Then he will have no chance.
Then he is a rogue, and a savage pavin.
Then listen to me, gracious sovereign, and you peers who owe yourselves, your lives, and your services to this imperial throne.
Then heaven have mercy on me.
Go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
How can I say I am alone when the whole world is here to look at me?
Then I beat my thorn, where they pricked their ears, advanced their eyelids, and lifted their noses as they smelt music.
I am afraid of you, stars.
Then I know that my answer must be made.
I salute you with this royal title: long live Richard, England’s worthy king.
Then I will come to my mother by and by.
Then I will give you the serving creature.
I will kiss your lips, Kate.
I wish you were so honest.
Then I, and you, and all of us fell down while bloody treason flourished over us.
Then I will be brief.
If he loses, he will end up screaming in music.
If we lose this battle, you are content to be led in triumph in the streets of Rome.
Then, in my tent, Cassius, you will be engrossed in my grief, and I will give you a speech.
Then Caesar and he will be forever together.
He is a nice man.
Then he is more loyal to you than I am.
Then the world is one.
Then there is the sun in heaven when earthly things, made even, are together.
Keep your vow, sir, when you meet the fellow.
You should know that from my soul I love your daughter.
Then lead the way, good father; and heavens so shine that they can see how I am.
Then learn about me. To have is to have.
Leave her, sir, because I tell you all her wealth by the power that made me.
Leave him out.
Let the trumpets sound the tucket sonance and the note to mount.
Let them use us well, and then let them know what we do, what they do.
Let your love be younger than you are, or your affection can't hold the bent.
Let’s both be sudden.
Let your servants bring my husband out.
Let them take your will.
Then bear the truth I tell you like a Roman.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Make a ring about Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made the will.
Then meet me at the notary’s.
Do not move while I pray.
Murder is out of tune, and sweet revenge is becoming harsh.
Then I must think you would not want it.
Then the Jew must be merciful.
Then you have to find new heaven, new earth.
Then we must look at his age to see the imperfections of long-lasting condition, but also the unruly waywardness that infirm
Then you must speak of someone who loved nothing wisely, but too well.
Then never was a man true.
I have offended none of you.
Then one of you will be a shrunk panel and, like green timber, warp, warp.
Do not open your lips.
Please pardon him, sweet father, for my sake.
Listen to my impatience patiently.
Then you can tell that my dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich Capulet.
Tell her my loving story.
I pleaded for you.
Then put your pipes in your bag, because I will leave.
Did you not see his face?
Tell me immediately what you want.
Tell me immediately what you know about this.
Then say they were not killed.
Then I will bleed to death.
Then I will swear to Kate and you to me, and I will be able to keep our oaths well maintained and sane.
Then Octavia’s sighs will blow the fire in Caesar, and the strength of their amity will prove the author of their disagreement
Then we will be crammed with news.
Then tomorrow we will find that they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight.
Then she has some depth.
Then she is well, and nothing can be bad.
Then show it to me.
Then I slip from her bum, down topples her, and “Tailor!” cries, and falls into a cough.
I have heard so much.
Then stand with us.
He swore he was a stranger here.
Take him up and manage the sneeze.
Tell me if this brother is a brother.
Tell me, if I get your daughter’s love, what dowry will I have with her to marry?
Tell me, what is he doing on the seas?
The liars and swearers are fools, because there are enough liars and swearers to beat the honest men and hang them up.
Then the whining schoolboy with his satchel and shining morning face, creeping like a snail unwillingly to school.
There is no true lover in the forest, but sighing every minute and groaning every hour would be a good way to see the lazy foot
Then there is the County of Palatine.
Then there were two cousins laid up, one of whom should be slashed with a few reasons, and the other would be mad without any.
Then there is hope that a great man’s memory will live for half a year.
There is life in it.
Then you are damned.
Then Baptista is safe talking with the deceiving father of a deceiving son.
To have seen much and to have nothing is to have poor eyes and poor hands.
Then he will go to the wood tomorrow night.
Then we will walk out to the marketplace, and waving our red weapons over our heads, let’s all cry, “Peace,
Then we are rid of Litio.
Do not cry.
Consider what loss your honor may sustain if you list his songs with a savage ear, or lose your heart, or your treasure is open to his
Why should I doubt it?
Then I will lay the servant creature’s dagger on your pate.
Then two of us will woo one.
I wish I had never seen it.
Don't give up, coward, and live to be the show and the gaze at you.
Then you are better than the king.
You are insane if you are no better in your mind than a fool.
Then you do not love me?
Then you are living around her waist, or in the middle of her favors?
Then you have to say, "I take you, Rosalind, for wife. I take you, Rosalind, for wife.
Then you will bring the necklace to her yourself.
Then you will buy them to sell again.
Then your hose should be ungartered, your bonnet should be unbuttoned, your sleeve should be unbuttoned, and everything about
Then, at my farm, I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail, six fat oxen standing in my stalls,
Then, by myself, you are self-misused.
Then, gentle brother, come back in.
Then, God grant me that you may be damned for that wicked deed.
Then, my good liege, do not mistake me so much to think my poverty is treacherous.
Then, my lord, teach your cousin to consent to winking.
If you dare to acknowledge it, I will make it my fight.
If they die unpaid, no more is the king guilty of their sins than he was before.
In God’s name, march.
Then, in the name of God and all these rights, you will be able to follow your standards.
If he can, stop.
Then, masters, look at a troublous world.
Then, my queen, we will sleep in the shade of the night.
Then they hailed him father to a line of kings.
Tell me, who is the next heir of Naples?
Then, to answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly, I say I am a bachelor.
Then, let day in and let life go.
Go on, with your will.
Once you have a pair of chaps, no more, and throw all the food you have between them, they will grind the one.
Then you conclude, my grandma, he is dead.
I have followed it, or it has drawn me more.
From there we looked toward England and cited a thousand fearful times during the wars of York and Lancaster that had killed us.
There are more things in heaven and earth than you dream about in your philosophy.
There are my keys, but why should I go?
There are no faces that are truer than those who are so washed.
There are no other words for the turn.
There are no tricks in simple faith.
There are some shrewd contents in the same paper that steals the color from Bassanio’s cheek.
There are the actors.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please you.
I will be there.
There are fools alive, Iwis, and Silvered o'er.
There are rats and water rats, thieves and pirates, and then there are dangers of water, winds, and rocks.
There are some such things, no question.
There came a group of Antonio’s creditors in my company to Venice, who swear he cannot choose but break.
There comes a man and his three sons. I could match this beginning with an old story.
I could have him here, and there, and there again.
Here he is.
I am refusing my land service.
I have another bad match with a bankrupt, a prodigal who dares to show his head on the Rialto, a beggar
I will see my own figure there.
There is a cliff, whose high and bending head looks fearfully deep.
You have a fair behavior, captain, and even though the nature of the wall is a bit rotten, I believe you have a good mind.
There is a fat friend at your master’s house who cooked for you today at dinner.
There is a kind of merry war between Signor Benedick and her.
There is a litter ready.
There is a lord who will listen to you tonight; but I am doubtful of your modesty, so you are breaking into some merry passion and so
There is a man in the forest who sneezes our young plants by carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs
There is a river in Macedon, and there is a river in Monmouth.
There is a poor old man who, after me, has a long, savage step smothered in pure love.
There is only one hope in it that can do you any good, and that is just a bastard hope.
All these men have a mind that is bent against Caesar.
There is more compliment on the leave-taking between France and him.
There are some means, madam.
There is more to it.
That is more sense than reputation.
He is not afraid.
You do not want to harm anyone, and you do not want to harm anyone else.
You do not have any love.
There is nothing else than that.
There is no more to say.
There is no obstacle to this.
There is no other shelter hereabouts.
There is no other way, unless you could put on some other form and not be Richard, who has done all this.
There is no other way.
There is no power in Venice that can change a decree.
There is no tarrying.
You are not terrorizing me, Cassius, because I am so strong in honesty that they pass by me like a windy wind.
There is no way to do this, Sir Andrew.
There is no woman's side that can tell me to beat a woman as strong as love gives me.
There is no world without walls in Verona, but purgatory, torture, and hell.
There is no one except him, who is afraid of me, and under him my genius is rebuked.
There is no sign of my uncle calling you.
I am sorry for your poor government.
There is not enough room for swearing.
There are occasions and causes for all things.
There is one goat for you.
There is one inside, and out of all the things we have heard and seen, that is what the watch has seen.
There is so much that you will kill me straight away.
I am feeling some bad news about my sleep, because I dreamed of money bags.
The princes are snoring.
Edmund, there is something strange about it.
There is something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his valor, and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand. Geese, villain?
There must be a seat, and then we will bring you back to France, charming the narrow seas to give you a gentle pass.
There is enough time.
You have shown too much that it was a passion of earnestness.
I had to keep your money.
There is, there is.
Here it goes, Silver!
He lay there, stretched along like a wounded knight.
Let him sink there and be the seas on him.
Tybalt lies there.
There is the duke asleep, and there are the keys.
There is the man, killed by young Romeo, who killed your kinsman, brave Mercutio.
There lies your love.
You are on your way, right west.
You are on your way.
Lock yourself and send him the word that you are dead.
There may be as much amity and life as treason and my love.
There must be conclusions.
I will meet Lysander and myself there.
There is no ghost to come from the grave to tell us this.
There are still some people here who are strong against the French.
There is rust and let me die.
Here you will find my cousin Beatrice, who is proposing with the Prince and Claudio.
Titania sleeps sometime in the night, lulled in these flowers with dances and delight.
There is a husband who can make you a wife.
There lies the grown serpent.
You can scold him, after you have seized his books, or batter him with a log, or paunch him with a stake, or
You might see the great image of authority: a dog is obeyed in his office.
You should be there.
There you speak about reason.
There to meet Macbeth.
There was a noise, that is true.
He had a pretty red lip, a little more riper and more lusty red than that mixed in his cheek.
There was blow for blow.
There was more foolery to do, if I could remember it.
There was never a counterfeit of passion that came near her life as she discovers it.
There was no link to Peter’s hat, and Walter’s dagger was not a result of squeezing.
There was no army in any way.
There was no money to be used for argument until the poet and the player were cuffed in the question.
There were no good except Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
There were no principals.
She will hide there to listen to our proposal.
We will eat there.
We will rehearse in the city, because if we meet in the city we will be scolded with company and know our secrets.
There would be a monster like this to make a man.
There, Diomed, there.
Here, drink that for me.
Here, gentle Hermia, I can marry you.
Here, I will give you my blessing.
Here, my lord.
I will betray fishes, whose music is playing far away.
Stop there, sir.
Take it to you, trenchers, cups, and everything!
Take it, Prince.
Here, take it, and thank you for my good cheer.
Take my coxcomb.
Take that, sir.
There, where the torch is burning.
There!
There.
There is a deal.
There is a division between the dukes.
There is a great deal of kindness in the general people as well as in the duke himself and your daughter.
There is a strong fellow, Menas.
There is a time for everything.
There is another garment for it.
There is another.
There is a beggar in the love that can be reckoned.
There is only one down there.
There is still comfort, they are strong.
There is Dolabella sent from Caesar.
There is enough.
There are few or none of them who will entertain it.
There is a fire ready.
There is five to one.
There is hell, darkness, the sulfurous pit, burning, scalding, stench, consumption.
There is still hope.
There is a man's house in heaven, and their candles are all out.
There is a knocking at the gate.
She is not a melancholy girl, my lord.
There is magic in it.
It is true, if he is angry.
You are snoring.
Here is mine.
There is money for you.
There is money for you.
There is money for your pains.
There is more to this than to the value.
Here is my cap.
Here is my hand.
Here is my key.
There is no villain in Denmark, but he is an arrant king.
There is no way to find the mind’s shape in the face.
There is no clock in the forest.
There is no way this news gives them credit.
No doubt his majesty will recover his health soon.
There is no offense, my lord.
There is no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature.
There is no true drop of blood in him to be touched with love.
There is no one except witches here, and it is high time for me to leave.
There is no other one here.
I am not a man who greets me, but who greets me like if I were a well-known friend.
There is no better man in Rome than Antony.
There is not one of them, but I am keeping a servant in his house.
We do not have a feather in our host's hand, I hope, and time has ruined us.
I do not think there is a subject that is sane and unasylish under the sweet shade of your government.
She is not yet.
There is one at the gate.
There is another thing for you.
There is already a part of a power.
There is rosemary, that is for remembrance.
He is a good man when he wants to be good morning with such a spirit.
There is something else to do.
There is something in it that is deceiving.
There is strange news coming, sir.
There is the snub of it.
That is the point.
There is the respect that makes life so long.
There are two or three of us who have seen strange sights.
There is a warrant in that theft that steals itself when there is no mercy left.
So we will shadow the numbers of our host and make a mistake in our report.
So you will not pay for the glasses you have burst?
It is certain he was not ambitious.
All lovers use their own tongues.
Another prologue must tell him he is not a lion.
Go away to get our stuff on board.
So cheer up.
Be deaf to my unpitied folly, and all the gods will go with you.
Be damned, you are honest!
Be happy, Cassio, because your lawyer will rather die than give you your cause.
Be a good cheer, because I think you are damned.
Be out of hope, of question, of doubt.
Be patient.
Be patient.
Keep up and board them. Servant monster, drink to me.
So beware of my censure and keep your promise.
So confess freely to your sin, because to deny each article with oath can't remove or choke the strong conception that I am groaning with.
Leave and leave him with me.
So go out.
Wait for a moment.
So hurry on and give him his desire.
Do not give me any advice.
Give out your belongings to Epidamnum, so you do not have to confiscate your goods too soon.
So go with me.
So go.
Great France has pitied me for my grief and my tears.
He hates me.
Anyone who can't lick his fingers does not go with me.
Nature wanted to fill one body with all the graces.
Please, take this note.
I have urged him to watch the night before, so if this apparition comes again, he can see our eyes and speak to it.
Please lead me to the caskets to try my luck.
Please, please, make your return to our sister.
I promise you are afraid.
So I tell the noble Buckingham that only a few people should get the prince.
So I took your hands, but I was slain from the point of view of looking down on Caesar.
I will leave unkissed.
So I will sleep again.
I congratulate you in my presence.
Therefore, it is most appropriate for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, does not find any obstacle to the contrary, to be the
I know that Don John has earned a thousand ducats.
Let Benedick, like a covered fire, go away in sighs and go outward.
Let every man think about it now so that he can take action on foot.
Let’s follow them.
You should love it moderately.
Make space between you.
My age is as lusty as winter, but it is frosty.
My clothes do not make me sad.
My son is bedded, and I will seek him deeper than he has ever sounded.
I cannot imagine any marvel though Demetrius, as a monster, fly my presence like this.
Let’s go to the matter.
Let’s take our everlasting farewell.
Stop, my princess, and listen to me.
So play music, then. Prince, you are sad.
You should prepare yourself to cut off the flesh.
So prepare yourself.
So prepare to die.
So prepare yourself.
Every soldier in the war should do as every sick man in his bed should: wash every sneeze out of his conscience.
Do not speak more.
Speak softly.
So speak.
Stay for a while.
Listen to how you destroy our person, how you awaken our sword of war.
The Dukes of Berri and Brittany, of Brabant and of Orléans, will come out and will dispatch you quickly to return
The moon, the ruler of floods, is savaged in her anger so that rheumatic diseases are everywhere.
The sadness is without limits.
The winds, piping to us in vain, as well as in revenge, have sucked up the fogs from the sea, and the fogs
If you are gaudy gold, I will not be able to eat anything for Midas.
They thought it was good to hear a play and to scold you with a merriment that could cause a thousand deaths and prolongs life
Therefore, this letter, being ignorant, will not cause any terror in the youth.
So this project is very important.
So you are dead.
You have to be hanged at the state’s charge.
You are sleeping so soundly.
I assure you that you are a bit sane.
Therefore, your parents are not stopping me.
Give yourself to our best mercy or, like men who are proud of our destruction, Defy us to our worst.
You should hurry up and leave.
So turn and draw.
Use your discretion.
So you were confined to this rock, who had deserved more than a prison.
So we will have about half a dozen friends, and that is the end.
So cry.
Tell us the Dauphin’s mind so clearly and honestly.
You have to play Pyramus.
Your Grace may say I have lost it.
So go, clear your crystals, and let’s go to France.
Get it from me, as I am bound.
Keep him from being greedy, Isis.
So ask, fair Hermia, what do you want?
Goodbye.
Be prepared to hear, good Brutus.
So, good Emilia, give me my nightly clothes and adieu.
We give our town and lives to your mercy.
You have done it.
Listen to me, Hermia.
Please forgive me, your Highness.
So hurry up Montjoy, Lord Constable, and tell him that we will send him to England to know what he will give.
Therefore, merchant, I will limit you to seeking your life by getting help.
Let him be brought out and borne here for help.
My lords, we cannot wait for a happy hour to give us a chance to go on our expedition.
My sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be a good man.
Do not stay by his side, Antony.
I came to tell you what he wants, so you can either stay away from his intentions or run away from the shame he will be facing.
So, patiently and yielding.
Put your money in your purse.
Therefore, Katherine, you will break your mind to me in broken English.
Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit, and tediousness is the soul of wit and tediousness.
When he sees the reason for fears as we do, his fears are as good as ours.
You clown, abandon—which is in the vulgar, “leave”—the society—which in the vulgar is “company.
In our letters, we do not agree well.
Therein the patient must minister to himself.
You make the weak strongest.
You tyrants are defeated here, gods.
These are wild and whirling words, my lord.
These are counselors who persuade me to be what I am.
These are gracious drops.
Yes, these are news.
These are not natural events.
These are the clothes that are now in fashion, and they are so sane—they are called them.
These are a thorn, but I hope they do not point to me.
These are forgeries of jealousy.
These are unimaginable tricks.
I am Edward’s weep, and I do not.
These are good humors.
These are the Christian husbands.
Both of them put off, a poor petitioner, a care-giving mother to many sons, a beauty-waning and distressed widow, even
These clothes are good enough to drink in, and so are these boots.
These slurreds and slurred courtesies could fire ordinary men’s blood and turn preordinance into children’s law
I am not going to think about these things.
I am pawning these ducats for my father.
I have heard these ears of mine, you know you heard them.
These English problems will make me smile in France.
These men are a bit sane.
In the past fifteen years, you have been in a dream or, when you wake up, you have been so awake as if you slept.
These fifteen years!
These foolish drops drown my manly spirit.
The Count sent me these gloves, and they are an excellent perfume.
I have lost so much grief and loss that I will barely spare a pound of flesh tomorrow to my bloody creditor.
The feathers that are growing from Caesar’s wing will make him soar above the men, who else would soar above the men’s
These hands are so naive that they are a meaner than myself, since I have given myself the cause.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows, being black, tell us they hide the fair.
The injuries the king bears will be revenged home.
These late eclipses in the sun and the moon do not bring us any good.
Iago, Iago, I will send these letters to the pilot, and I will do my duties to the senate.
These lily lips, this cherry nose, and these yellow cowslip cheeks are gone.
These many will then die.
These Moors are a changeable man in their wills. Fill your purse with money.
These things are beyond their use, and I am afraid of them.
He is so sane that he is stealing from Cordelia.
That is what Desdemona wants to hear.
These things come to light, smother her spirits.
These three world-sharers, these competitors, are in your vessel.
These tidings will comfort Cassius.
This is a long amble.
These times of sorrow do not give us time to woo.
These wise men who give fools money get themselves a good report after fourteen years.
These are not my words.
They all hate him as deeply as I hate him.
They are on the court, and I think they have already ordered this night to play with him.
They are on the ground.
They are all except stomachs, and we are all except food.
They are all welcome.
They are beaten, sir, and our advantage is a good victory.
They are coming to the play.
They are absolutely welcome.
They are free men, but I am not.
They are friends, Ratcliffe and Lovell.
He
They are in the wrath of love and they will fight together.
They are incensed.
They are louder than the weather or our office.
I am glad to see you.
They are natural. I believe they are a threat to the climate they are pointing at.
They are not always jealous for the reason, but jealous for they are jealous.
They are not near my conscience.
They are from Norway, sir.
They are terrible.
They are sick.
They are still so, or you, the greatest soldier of the world, have turned the greatest liar.
They are then excused, my lord, when they do not see what they do.
They are tired?
They are beaten.
They are wise and honorable, and will answer you with reasons, no doubt.
They are, my lord.
They are.
They are bleeding on both sides. How is it, my lord?
They are calling for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They call it Agincourt.
They will not budge until you release them.
They are blaming us drunken men, and we are blaming them with a swinish phrase.
They could be happy to visit other places and come down with fearful bravery, thinking by this face to be able to say that they have courage.
They couldn't, wouldn’t.
They told me not to tell her about it, but I convinced them, if they loved Benedick, to wish him a fight with affection,
They did so to amaze me how I looked at it.
They did, Fluellen.
They are doing me wrong, and I will not endure it.
They are offended by our sight.
They all fell together as if they were.
They flatter me.
They follow the king’s wishes.
They are all stomachs.
They have dispatched Pompey, and Pompey is gone.
They have a coin in England that bears the figure of an angel, stamped in gold.
They made him drink alms-drink.
They have made me worms' meat.
They have not been commanded, mighty king.
They have said their prayers, and they are waiting for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and one man has played many parts of his life, his actions being seven ages.
They have tied me to a stake.
They know by height, the lowness, or the mean, if there is a rift or a rift.
They know that your Grace has cause and means and power, and that is your Highness.
They are not able to keep their spirits.
They want to be sane this night in Sardis.
They are going to warn us at Philippi here, answering questions before we ask them.
They met so close with their lips that their breaths embraced.
They murder Caesar!”Who is inside?
They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
They must lie there.
They must take it in the sense that they feel it.
They never meet but there is a skirmish of wit between them.
They ask, please, so that your faith does not turn to despair.
They say Edgar, his banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
They say he cried out of sack.
They say he has been a fencer to the Sophy.
They say he was offended and paid his score.
They say there are only five on this island.
They say this town is full of sex, as nimble jugglers who deceive the eye, dark-working sorcerers who change the mind,
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
They say one Taurus.
They see and smell and have their palates both sweet and sour.
They will be arrested by and by.
They will be married tomorrow, and I will ask the duke to attend the wedding.
I swear they will not have any, but my joints, which, if they have, will yield them little.
They will, Nerissa, but they will think we are getting better with the ones we do not have.
They shout for joy.
They shouted three times.
They sit in the parlor fire.
They smile at me, who will be dead soon.
They are standing and would have a parley.
They stared and were distracted.
They are waiting for you.
They steal hearts.
They are scolded when they run fast.
They swore that you were almost sick for me.
They swore that you were almost dead for me.
They swore you did.
The ones who add that he is drunk nightly in your company.
The people who have done this deed are honorable.
The people who reap must sheaf and bind, then to cart with Rosalind.
They are thrown out of their hands, and if they fall, they will die to pieces.
They directed us to the battle, and we will follow in the battle, where we will be winged with our chief horse on either side.
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were smothered.
They were traitors.
They were villains, murderers.
They will be tempted to believe this without trial.
They will steal anything and call it a purchase.
They will not do anything to us.
They would be better if they were followed.
They would have been troubled with a dangerous suitor.
They would have me as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves or handkerchiefs, which is much against my manhood.
They would not want you to scold them today.
They might better wear their heads than some people who have accused them of wearing their hats.
They will be in a slew of news immediately.
They will whip me for speaking true, you will whip me for lying, and sometimes I will whip them for holding my peace.
They will kill us.
They will ruin my counterfeiting.
They will tell you all.
They will tell the clock to any business that is right for the hour.
They are busy inside.
Thieves!
My eyes have infected me, sweet lady.
You, Claudio, you, I say.
The worst things will stop, or else they will climb up to what they were before.
Everything is vile and vile, and it is not worthless.
Things aren't ready until the end of the season.
It is so bad, sir, that we have not had time to move our daughter.
Everything must be as good as it may be.
Things that have happened before are done with me.
Think and die.
Do not think about it anymore.
Do not think I love him, even if I ask for him.
Do not think that Brutus will ever go to Rome.
Think about it.
Think about me like you would.
Think about Lord Hastings.
Think about me, that Phoebus’ amorous pinches black and wrinkled deep in time.
Think about your sins.
Think so, Iago?
Think about the ones who have died.
Think about Vaughan, and let your guilt fall.
Think what you want, I am your lover’s grace.
Isn’t it true that you think I am a good man, but I know that our state is secure, I would be as triumphant
Do you think I am no stronger than my sex, because I am so fathered and so married?
Do you think my uncle was dissembling you, grandam?
Don’t you think the powers we have with us will cut their way through the French forces, doing the execution and the act for which
Think about a better title, and I will fit her to it.
Do you think so?
Do you think you are going to walk out?
Think of yourself as a baby that has gotten these tenders for true pay, which are not sterling.
Think, my lord.
Think, my lord?” Oh, you are echoing me like if you were thinking about something too hideous to be shown.
When we talk about horses, you see them putting their proud hooves on the earth, because your thoughts must be a part of our kings.
Do you think I am cheating?
Do you think I would make a life of jealousy, to follow the moon’s changes with new suspicions?
Do you think that you will have to be afraid to speak when the power to flattery bows?
Do you think the fiery fever will go out with titles blown out of adulation?
You, Hortensio, are you thinking that even though her father is very rich, any man is so foolish to be married to hell?
This was the first time we have gotten together to break with unharmed edges and bear back our targes.
This is to feel a story, not hear a story.
This is a dull sight.
This is a good block.
This accident is not unlike my dream, because I am already convinced that it is happening.
This admiration is much like other your new pranks.
This is the reason she wrote that she will be here soon.
This avarice grows deeper, more pernicious than summer-seeming lust, and it has been the sword of our slain kings.
This blows my heart.
This blue-eyed hag was brought here with a child and left here by the sailors.
This bond does not give you any blood.
This broken joint between you and her husband will break up her and my fortunes against any lay worthy of mention will grow stronger than it was before.
This bud of love, by the ripening breath of summer, may turn out to be a beauteous flower when we meet next.
This business has been well ended.
Calphurnia’s dream is a sign of this.
This Caesar was a tyrant.
This cannot anger him.
That cannot be, without a reasonable argument.
This is cold now.
This casecase is in danger.
This castle has a nice seat.
This cold night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
This is exactly what I said.
That is what I am saying.
I am choosing this course because forty ducats is too much to lose.
You cannot trust this courtesy, and the duke will know that letter too.
This dagger has mista’en, for his house is empty on the back of Montague, and it is misheathed in my
This damned witch Sycorax, for mischiefs and sorceries terrible to hear from Argier, was banished.
I breathed first this day.
This day, great duke, she shut the doors on me while she feasted with harlots in my house.
I will do this deed before I get to the point.
This deed of yours is no more worthy of heaven than you were worthy of her.
Lorenzo will be welcome to do this.
He greets your wife with this diamond, by the name of the most kind hostess, and shuts up in a sane mood.
I was afraid of this, but I thought he had no weapon, because he was very hearty.
This disease is beyond my practice.
This disturbed sky isn't a way to walk in.
This is a way to block the blood, this cross-gartering, but what about that?
He kissed the bride around the neck and kissed her lips with such a smack that at the parting the church all the screamed.
This is the way the corse they follow did with a desperate hand for Fordo to live.
This is not true because she divides us.
This dream is all wrong.
This is better than I could imagine.
This feather is a squeak.
This man does not stand on points.
This man I remember remembering once played a farmer’s eldest son.
This man is wise enough to play the fool, and to do that is a good thing.
This fellow is a man who is very honest and knows all the things about human affairs.
That is for him.
Will we see this fortification, gentlemen?
This evil Egyptian has betrayed me.
This was my first time in my tent.
This gentleman will out-talk us all.
This green plot will be our stage, this sand-brake-brake our tiring-house.
This grief is crowned with consolation.
This summer guest, the temple-haunting martlet, approves, by his loved mansion, that the heaven's breath is wooing him.
This hand is yours.
Give Lepidus this health.
This snoring party in the east and west makes us a snore and a taxed nation.
This house is small.
I made this good to you in our last conference, passed it to you in probation.
I am wondering, that he is in debt, and I do not know.
I will report this, dear lady.
If she performs, she will not be able to sue anyone.
Is this public opinion?
I swear that love will be inviolable.
This is a dear manikin to you, Sir Toby.
This is a devil, and no monster.
This is a fellow of the same color that our sister speaks of.
This is a man who is old, wrinkled, faded, withered, and not a maiden.
This is a man’s invention, and his handwriting.
This is a majestic vision, and it is charming.
This is a practice as full of work as a wise man’s art, because he shows a good example of folly.
This is a slave whose sanity is fading and the sanity of her follows.
This is a sleepy tune.
This is a small, unremarkable man who is going to be sent on errands.
This is a stem from that victorious stock, and let’s fear the native mightiness and fate of him.
This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is a strange thing.
That is all.
This is an aspic’s trail, and these fig leaves have slimed on them.
This is as strange a maze as a gang of men, and there is more in this business than nature ever did.
This is as uncivil as strange.
This is called the counter-attack, and so to “the lie circumstantial” and “the lie direct.”
This is her very guise, and I am asleep fast.
This is his second fit.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
I am offering this kind of offer.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is pure madness.
This is more strange than a murder like that.
I will deliver this one.
This is my treasurer.
This is no answer, you unfeeling man, to excuse your cruelty.
This is no place, this house is just a butchery.
This is not a fool altogether, my lord.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
This is not yet an Alexandrian feast.
This is nothing, Fool.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
This is old.
This is open.
This is a practice, Gloucester.
This is her. Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
This is Signor Antonio.
This is some man, who, after being praised for his bluntness, affects a saucy roughness and constrains the snoring
This is some minx’s token, and I have to take out the work.
This is some monster of the island with four legs who has an ague, as I say.
This is some priory.
This is the dagger you said Led you to Duncan.
This is the air, that is the glorious sun.
This is the brief of money, plates, and jewels I have.
This is the day I wished to fall in love with the man I trusted most.
This is the day I wished I could fall on him when I was found to be false to his children and his wife’s allies.
This is the door.
This is the excellent foppery of the world. When we are sick in fortune, often because of our own behavior, we make guilty of
This is the fairy land.
This is the fool who gave out money free.
This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet.
This is the fruit of rashness.
This is the fruit of whoring.
This is the indictment of Lord Hastings, which is engrossed in a fair way, so that it can be read in Paul’s
This is the latest talk we will admit.
This is the man, this is Antonio, to whom I am so bound.
This is the man.
This is the sluggish gentleman I have met so often in the forest.
This is the night that makes me feel like it is a bad night.
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo wanted us to stand.
This is the place.
This is the sergeant who, like a good and hardy soldier, fought to protect me.
This is the silliest thing I have ever heard.
This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
This is the ecstasy of love, who has fordoes violent property and leads the will to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven.
This is the false saga of verses.
This is the painting of your fear.
This is your job.
This is too long.
This is Trebonius.
That is good.
This island is owned by Sycorax, my mother, which you take from me.
It is better for the enemy to seek us.
This jack of Caesar’s will give us an error to him.
This slut will cost me some money.
I will show you this kindness.
This is the horned moon present.
This letter from Bellario gives a young and educated doctor a call to our court.
This lion is very brave, for his bravery.
This man is a good man.
This is not like a wedding.
This makes Christians raise the price of hogs.
This man has had good advice from a hundred knights.
This man said, sir, that Don John was a villain.
This may be a food for my dissatisfaction.
This morality is tied to me in time and a hot summer.
They have fled this morning and gone, and in their stead are ravens, crows, and kites flying over our heads.
This morning, like a young man who wants to be a good man, begins early.
I will ruin this mortal house, do Caesar what he can.
This murderous shaft that has been shot hasn't been lighted yet, and our safest way is to avoid the aim.
This is a strange story, if it is all about it.
I would like to do this, but the mistress I serve quickens the dead and makes my work pleasure.
This naughty man will face to face with Margaret, who was thrown in all this wrong, hired by your brother.
This night I am having a feast that has been a long time, where I invited many guests like me to join me.
I will spend the night in a terrible and fatal way.
This night I think it is just the daylight sick.
This is the night where the cub-drawn bear would couch, the lion and the belly-pinched wolf would keep their fur dry.
You do not need to do this, so you can be a better person.
This note tells me about ten thousand French soldiers who were killed on the field.
This is only the witchcraft I have used.
This dangerous slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, and, gazeing in my eyes, feeling my pulse,
This prince has neither claimed or deserved it, and therefore, I cannot have it.
This is the prophecy that Merlin will make, because I live before his time.
I received this purse of ducats from you, and Dromio, my man, brought them to me.
This quarry is crying on the ground.
This ring is a trifle.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, which gives men stomach to digest his words with better appetite.
That is her, and I give you her.
That is the voice of Friar John.
This isn’t a good thing to do.
Orlando approached the man and found it was his brother, his elder brother.
This servitude makes you want to stay unwed.
This will determine that.
This will end without the perdition of souls.
This will make our purpose necessary and not envious, which will appear to the common eye so often.
The sight of death is like a bell, which warns me to be a sepulcher.
This sight would make him desperate to turn his better angel into a cursed man and fall to reprobation.
Your speech has moved me, and will do good.
The speed of Caesar’s reign is beyond belief.
This sword will be able to enter me with this sword.
This time of year will not give me time to think about things that would hurt me more.
The Dauphin speaks about this.
You will answer this question.
I am a part of my life.
This torture should be roared in terrible hell.
I know what you are doing.
This song is manly.
This tyrant, whose sole name is a blistering tongue, was once thought to be honest.
This villain of mine is under the prediction that there is a son against father.
This was a great argument of love for you.
This was a merry message.
This was a venture, sir, for which Jacob served, something he did not have the power to bring to pass, but was swayed and fashioned
This was just like a fly by an eagle.
This was his basket.
This was looked for at your hand, and it was slammed.
This was not a fake.
It was a time when it was a paradox, but now it is time to prove it.
This was the most unkind cut of all.
This was the best Roman of them all.
This was well done, my bird.
I will do this.
This way, my lord.
This way, my lord.
This is what I am doing.
This wedding day may be delayed.
This week he has been heavy, sour, sad, and much different from the man he was.
This was kindness.
I will wear this in my cap.
This will be a brave kingdom for me, where I will not have my music for nothing.
This will put them out of fear.
This will scare them both so that they will kill each other by looking at them like cockatrices.
This wind you are talking about blows us away from ourselves.
This would make you drink deep.
This would have been a period of love, not sorrow, but another to make it even more difficult.
This wretch has confessed to his crimes.
You should pity this, not be ashamed of it.
This, and Saint George to boot. What do you think, Norfolk?
This, by his voice, should be a Montague.
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
This is Decius Brutus.
This, this All Souls' Day is the perfect excuse for my wrongdoing.
That is it.
What is this?
He will come to know his destiny.
I must, even if I do not, because servants must be satisfied with their masters' minds.
I must, and here I leave you.
I will invite the duke and all his contented followers.
The earl of Surrey and himself were cheering up the soldiers from troop to troop.
That is the raisind father and his friends.
I was a stranger to my brother, and I was rapting them in secret.
The good eyes of the war have glowed like a tawny Mars, and now they are turning their eyes on a tawny front
The cheeks of yours are a warning to fear.
The people of his room had done it.
You are doing their work, and they will have good luck.
The people who are good at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the country is most mockable at the court.
The people who are either abominable or abominable are evil men and they betray themselves to every evil punishment worse than drunkards.
All those who are already married, except one, will live.
People who die of it rarely or never recover.
The people who teach young babies do it with gentle means and easy tasks.
The people who have known the earth so full of faults.
The people Macbeth has killed.
The people who were your father’s enemies have sprayed their galls with honey, and serve you with a sense of duty and zeal.
The people who follow Cassius will go with him, and public reasons will be thrown out of Caesar’s death.
If you want to hear me speak, let me stay here.
The people who rush to make a powerful fire start with weak straws.
The uncles you want were dangerous.
You should not be afraid to hear it.
You are kind.
You are crazy to say it.
You would never fear the net, the lime, the pitfall, or the gin.
You are almost making me angry to say that animals are infusing themselves into men’s trunks.
You will be shown an Egyptian puppet in Rome, as well as I.
You and your poor fellows did your last service well, and I must use you in another trick.
You are a boil, a plague-sore or embossing carbuncle in my corrupted blood.
Are you a cobbler?
You are a good man.
You are a fool.
You are a woman.
You are only a soldier.
You are a soul in bliss, but I am bound on a wheel of fire, that my tears burn like molten lead.
You are a strange man.
You are a traitor. Off with his head.
You are a villain to impeach me like this.
You are a villain!
You are armed, Gloucester.
You are as wise as you are beautiful.
You have come to answer a stony adversary, an inhuman wretch who is incapable of mercy.
You are Dromio, you are my man, you are yourself.
You are in a miserable state, shepherd.
You are like one of those men who, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps his sword on the table and says, "
You are not by my eye, Lysander.
You have never been conquered.
You are on your deathbed.
You are a man who is just a blow, and so is an ass.
You are sure of me.
You are the armorer of my heart.
You are the best cutthroat, but he did the same for Fleance.
You are the noblest man ever lived in the tide of times.
You are doing the same thing.
You are your father’s daughter.
You are going to die.
You are too similar to the spirit of Banquo.
You are too wild, too rude and bold to speak. The parts that make you happy do not appear to be faultless in our eyes.
You are translated.
You are a baggage, let me in.
You are bleeding quickly.
You are a bloodier villain than you can give out terms.
You are bringing me out of tune.
You are only reminded of my own conception.
You are calling on someone who hates you.
You cannot compel any more than she can.
You cannot choose but know who I am.
Pompey, you can't fear us with your sails.
You can’t frown, you can’t look a bit sane, or bite the lip as angry wenches will, or
You cannot speak about something you do not feel.
You cannot.
You can tell why one’s nose stands in the middle of his face.
You are changing and self-covered, for shame!
You are always chirping me for loving Rosaline.
You are as good as you are.
You drank the stale of horses and the gilded puddle that beasts would cough at.
You did it excellently.
You stopped me.
You promised to give me a full year.
You smiled with a fortitude from heaven when I sprayed the sea with a full sea of drops of salt, groaned under my stomach, and
You snuck my place, and don’t you snuck my sorrow in the right proportion?
You beg her, and you are a devil.
You conspire against your friend, Iago, if you only think he is wronged and scolded his ear with your thoughts.
You are infecting my eyes.
You mean something.
You do not mark me.
You do not want to get help from England, do you?
You see, I eat.
You are snoring.
You speak masterfully.
You do not talk to me.
You are doing your job fairly.
You do, and you think it is important to tread the sand deep, to run on the north wind, and to do my business in the
You drunken slave, I sent you for a rope and told you what purpose and what purpose you are going to achieve.
You flea, you nit, you winter cricket!
You fond madman, listen to me a little bit.
You would have to send more money.
You had, and more, Miranda.
You have a woman far more beautiful than any woman in this waning age.
You have a sister by the mother's side, Admired Octavia.
You have amazed me.
You have braved many men, but not me.
You have sung by moonlight at her window with feigning voice verses of feigning love.
You have described a hot friend cooling.
You have done a deed. I do not care about your sword, I will tell you.
You have told me I am in these wars and said it is not right.
You have scolded him out of his right sense, and your wit is so forcible.
You have ruined my fear.
You have hit it.
You have killed my child.
You have me if you have me, at the worst, and you will wear me better and better if you have me.
You have been sane enough to kill you.
You have my love.
You have not, cousin.
You have your case.
You have fought with a man for coughing in the street because he woke up your dog who slept in the sun.
You have railed on yourself.
Have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You have seen these signs.
You have served me with great faith.
You are getting some money from Caesar, don’t you?
You have taken against me a very just exception, but I am not saying I have dealt with your affair most directly.
You have wronged Caius Ligarius.
Ventidius, you have not been able to distinguish between a soldier and his sword.
You have.
You are lusting to use her in whatever way you can.
You know that it is common.
You know my daughter is pretty old.
You know my place.
You do not know gold’s effect.
You do not know me.
You know that Banquo and his Fleance are alive.
You know the first time we smell the air we hear and cry.
You know that the night mask is on my face, and you would be blushing on my cheek for the one you heard me say tonight.
You know that we are working by wit and not by witchcraft, and wit depends on dilatory time.
You know where I will tarry.
You know that a man cannot wear a doublet, a hat, or a cloak.
You are a tyrant.
You are a liar, a malignant thing.
You lie, you shag-haired villain!
You liar, you thread, you thimble, you yard, three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, and nail!
You lie.
You live.
You look cheery, and I will be with you quickly.
You look like a man who knows a warlike charge.
You make me happy.
You may revenge your slave.
You could have done this without your beard and gown.
You lying slave, who can't move, not kindness.
You have to be patient.
You must know, I am not the one who leads me to honor you, but my honor.
You should not take my sharpness off.
You naughty king, what trade?
You do not need to go.
You will never hear herald again.
You old traitor, remember to be a briefly.
You are the worst person you have ever met.
You are the protector of this damned strumpet, do you talk to me about “ifs”?
You beadle, hold your bloody hand.
You run away, you coward, are you leaving?
You said, "Oh, it is coming to my memory as the raven o'clock in the house, begging to all." He had my
You say the king is getting mad.
You say your fights hindered his sports.
You say his meat was smothered with your sour creams.
You are sure that all the grace she has left is that she will not add to her sin of perjury.
You are spotting the world, Volumnius, how it goes.
You are looking for a place to fight.
You see, we are not all alone.
You will give him an eunuch to me.
You will be a loggerhead. Good faith, it is day.
You will be the lord of it, and I will serve you.
You will be as thick as honeycomb, and each one will be stingier than the bees that made it.
You will be whipped with wire and stewed in brine, smarting in ling’ring pickle.
You will buy this dear if I see your face in the daylight.
You will find that I will resume the shape you think I have been cast off for forever.
You will get kings, even if you are not.
You will go back, I promise you.
You will have nothing but the forfeiture to be taken at your risk.
You will hold the opinion of Pythagoras if I allow you to be wits, and you will be afraid to kill a woodcock.
You will not go back until I have brought this corse into the marketplace.
You are not going to be the worse for me, there is gold.
You will not have to go.
You will not die.
You will not leave this grove until I am tormenting you for this injury.
You will not have him.
You will not live, so I can tell you the truth, and sleep in spite of thunder.
You will not lose by it.
You will not have to scold one foot to find a foe.
You will serve me.
You will, I assure you.
You should be honest.
You should know that Egypt had a heart.
You would not have been old until you had been wise.
You should ask if it is possible any villainy should be so rich.
You sing sweet music.
You are right.
You are wiser than you are aware of.
You speak with all your wit, and yet, I am sure, with enough wit for you.
You are sticking a dagger in me.
You have been the father of good news.
You are not me, you are Caesar.
You teach me.
You think it is much that this violent storm invades us to the skin.
You think I am in sport.
You told me they were stolping into this wood.
You told me you hated him.
You torture me, Tubal.
You are upset me, I am not in the mood.
Capulet, you villain!
You villain, what do you say?
You were never with me for anything when you weren’t there for the goose.
You were beaten by your bloody mind, who never dreamed of killing butchers.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
You will fall backward when you get older.
You will fight with a man for cracking nuts, just because you have hazelnut eyes.
You are going to write to Antony?
You are worms' meat when it comes to a good piece of flesh.
You would have made your story large.
You would be a good fool.
You, it seems, call for company to countenance her.
You, my slave, was her servant when you reported yourself.
You are going to fight with a man who has more or less beard than you have.
You, wretched boy, who consorted him here will go with him.
You have, great Glamis, what you are saying, “Thus you have to do.” If you have it, and
You are a scholar.
You are right.
You would shun a bear, but if you were flying toward the sea, you would meet the bear in your mouth.
You would thank me only a little for my advice.
You have spoken right.
Though all the world could see, none could be as abused in sight as he did.
Even though all things foul would wear the brows of grace, grace must look like that.
Though Birnam Wood will be coming to Dunsinane, and you are opposed, because you are a woman.
Although Cassio did some wrong to him, as men in rage strike those who wish them best, I believe Cassio received from him a strange
Though it is much more important to be angry, it is much less likely to curse me.
I wish I could be much better for myself alone, but I wish I could be trebled twenty times myself—a thousand times more fair,
Although he is as good a gentleman as the devil is, as Lucifer and Beelzebub are, it is necessary that he keep his vow
Though his bark cannot be lost, it will be tossed in the mud.
Though I am mad, I will not bite him.
Though I die for it, as it threatens me no less, the king my old master must be relieved.
Though I look old, I am strong and lusty, since I never used hot and rebellious liquors in my youth, and I did not
I struck him first, but it does not matter.
Even though I wish you were dead, I will not be the executioner.
Even though it is a little out of fashion, this Welshman has a lot of care and courage.
Even if it is honest, it is never good to bring bad news.
Even though it is pity to see such a sight, it is becoming the ground.
Even though you are begging me to endure her loud alarums, there are good fellows in the world, a man could light on them,
Though Nature has given us wit to betray Fortune, hasn’t Fortune sent this fool into the fight to stop it?
Even though news is sad, tell them merrily.
Even though my face is now buried in the drizzled snow, and all the conduits of my blood froze up, I have lost some
Even though others have the arm, show us the sleeve; you can turn in your motion, and you can move us.
Though our lives are different, your spirits shine through you.
Though the queen is here for a special cause, her army has moved on.
Even though we have never been in a fight, we know that it is a good idea to have access to our mistress and to be happy rivals
Though nature can be a good reason for it, it can be a bad reason, but nature is scourged by the squeaky effects.
Even though they are urging me to shut my doors and let this tyrannous night take hold of you, I have ventured to come find you.
Though this island seems to be deserted.
Having her and death were both one thing.
Though we have spent our harvest on this king, we are going to harvest the harvest of his son.
Though you have put me in darkness and given your drunken cousin control over me, I have the benefit of my senses as well as your love.
Three and three, we will feast in great solemnity.
Three people in Egypt can not make a better note.
Three kings had recently feasted and wanted to be the one I was in the morning.
Three months after twelve, then.
Three of the cars are very expensive, very responsive to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and very liberal.
Three or four women stood and cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three good young men are excellent at achieving their goals.
Three thousand dollars for three months, and Antonio bound.
Three thousand ducats, well.
Three times today my foot-cloth horse stumbled, and started when he looked at the Tower, as if he was loathed to bring me to
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
I remember threescore and ten, and I have seen a lot of strange things, but this sore night has ruined my old memories.
Three times, Calphurnia has cried out, "Help!"
Then he walked by their oppressed and fear-surprising eyes, while they distilled almost to jelly with the act of fear.
My noble lord, let me ask you to pardon me for a night or two, or if not until the sun sets.
The brinded cat has mewed three times.
I saw him down in an hour, down again and fighting.
The ambition that will be a king of your own lives will be a king.
By the dead and drowsy fire, give glimmering light through the house.
The wind blows through the hawthorn.
Throw my heart against the flint and hardness of my fault, which will break to powder and finish all foul thoughts.
Throw physic to the dogs, I will not do anything.
Throw some of them at me.
Throw this slave on the dunghill.
Thursday is near.
Answer me in the name of Benedick, but hear these bad news with Claudio’s ears.
That is bad, and worse still remains behind.
I, so, so, so.
All traitors.
I am always making my fool’s purse.
They are taking the flow of the Nile by certain scales in the Pyramid.
He is forcing wicked men to turn their swords into their masters’ swords.
He is a noble man, a good man, and a good man.
Our bending author has sat down with a rough and unable pen to tell the story, in a little room surrounded by mighty men.
My sin is purged from my lips by yours.
Everyone goes to the world except me, and I am sunburnt.
He lost six cents a day during his life.
The candle has singed the moth.
So justice has whirled around you and left you a very prey to time, despite no more thought about what you were to do.
I have begun my reign politicly, and I hope to end it with a successful end.
I have dischargaged my part, Wall.
You have heard me smothered from my bliss.
That is the point, by your advice and your assistance, King Richard is sitting.
I think so by him.
I am free from the sorrow of Antony’s death.
So I let you go and give you to the gods.
I will do it again.
I will visit her.
That is what it must be.
It is still alive, and the rest is still alive.
The losers are part of the equation.
We can get honey from the weed and make a moral decision of the devil himself.
I must go from the smoke into the smother, from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother.
The ornament is only the guilled shore to a dangerous sea, the beauteous scarf showcasing an Indian beauty.
Rosalind was created in a heavenly synod, with many faces, eyes, and hearts, to have the most precious touches.
That is what my king says: “Say to Harry of England, even though we seemed dead, we only did sleep.
My king says that if your father’s Highness does not sweeten the bitter mock you sent his Majesty, he will call you to
The bowl should run, and not unluckily against the bias.
In short, the valiant Paris wants you to marry him.
I was asleep, by a brother’s hand, and cut off my sins in the blossoms.
So we are agreeing.
So we can see how the world is doing.
When I shun Scylla your father, I fall into Charybdis your mother.
So I die with a kiss.
So, with a wing that is imagined, our swift scene is a little more cliche than thought.
Your adversary’s wife is praying for you.
Your asses are gone about them.
Your bed will be lust-stained, and it will be spotted with lust’s blood.
Your Brutus told me to give it to you, and I will do his bidding.
What are you doing?
Your case, dear friend, will be my precedent.
Your Clarence is dead, who stabbed my Edward. The beholders of this frantic play, your adulterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey
Your conceit is closer to death than your powers are.
Your currish spirit ruled a wolf, who, hanged for human slaughter, even from the gallows, escaped his soul.
Your dmon, that you are a noble, courageous, and unmatched, where Caesar is not.
Your death and your fortunes will help your followers fly.
Your drugs are quick.
I am leaving your dukedom and you are begging you to pardon me for my wrongs.
Your Edward is dead, who killed my Edward, your other Edward, to quit my Edward.
Your evil spirit, Brutus.
Your eyes are almost set in your head.
Your face is mine, and you have slapped it.
Your false uncle, are you attracted to me?
Your Fates open their hands.
Your father has his life.
Your father!
Your clothes are not spotted with our blood, and you are not in the compass of my curse.
Your gown?
Your grace will have it.
You have never forgotten your half of your kingdom, where I have gotten you.
Your head is full of fights as an egg is full of meat, and yet your head has been beaten as much as an egg for fighting.
Your husband is dead in your house, and Paris too.
Your husband knew everything.
Your husband.
Your Juliet is alive, for whom you were just dead in the last few months. You are happy there.
Your land and all the things you call your worth-sale, we are taking your hands until you can stop your brother's mouth of what we
Your life has had some honor in it.
Your life is a miracle.
Your love will never change until your sweet life ends.
Your love?
Your lover, Artemidorus, I will stand here until Caesar passes along, and as a suitor, I will give him this.
Hamlet, your loving father.
Your personality will thicken when he shines.
Your master and his man are here, and that is false news that you are reporting to us.
Your master is a wise and valiant Roman.
What are your mistress’s marks?
Your mother was a piece of virtue, and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name is ominous to children.
Your mother has been poisoned.
Your name is Gloucester.
Your reason, dear venom, give your reason.
What is your reason, man?
You are still invisible.
Your sister’s sister.
Your slander has gone through and through her heart, and she lies buried with her ancestors.
Your smiles make you happy.
Your spirit walks out of here and turns our swords into our own entrails.
Your spirits are taller than you are.
Your substance, valued at the highest rate, cannot be a hundred marks. Therefore, by law you are condemned to die.
I am cleaving to your thoughts.
Your threats do not have any more strength than her weak prayers.
Your truth will be your king.
Your voice is thunderous, but your looks are humble.
Your wild actions are like the fury of a beast.
Your wit is a bitter sweetener.
Your sorrows will make them sharp and piercing like mine.
You are a queen, for I was a queen, and you have outlived your glory, like my wretched self.
You are coming to see the dreaded act you wanted to stop.
You are a good man to them, and bring them in.
You will see the act yourself.
I will come immediately, and I will kill you.
Tie up my love’s tongue.
Put the libertine in a field of feasts, keep his brain snoring.
Tigers, not daughters, what have you done?
I cannot stop tainting with fear until Birnam Wood leaves Dunsinane.
I would beg him to stay here until he comes back home.
Goodbye until I see you dressed in your soldiers’ clothes, which will become you.
I will go to bed until night, my lord, and all night too.
Till noon?
I will go see the way the town is, see the traders, look at the buildings, and then return and sleep in my inn.
So sit still, my soul.
That is enough.
So, lead the first step.
Brutus would rather be a villager than be a son of Rome under these hard conditions as this time is like to lay on us.
Now, think about the world.
You can only offend your lungs to speak so loud until you can get the seal off my contract.
I am doing my job until I see you.
Time is coming.
I have never been so sick of this blood, nor did I age so much, nor did my fortune make me so bad about my friends.
Time has come round, and where I started, I will end up.
Time will tell what pranks are, and who is defending faults with shame.
Time travels in different ways with diverse people.
Time, you are anticipating my terrible exploits.
It is a blushing, shamefaced spirit that mutinies in a man’s heart.
It is a brave army, and it is full of purpose.
It is a day like the day when the sun is hiding.
He is a good young man, and he is well attended.
I will never change your virtue for you.
It is a fearful situation.
It is a good dullness, and give it away.
It is a good hand, a frank one.
It is a good thing to hear when children are coming.
It is a good silling, I assure you, or I will change it.
It is a brave man, and when it appears, it will be a savage.
It is a lost fear.
It is a match.
It is a naughty night to swim in.
It is a pageant to keep us in a false view.
It is a good idea to think about it.
It is a shrewd doubt, even though it is just a dream.
It is a strange serpent.
It is a subject for a sovereign to be a good man, and for the world to be a good man and wonder at him.
It is a very excellent piece of work, madam.
It is a vile thing to die, my gracious lord, when men are not prepared and do not look for it.
It is a wild night.
It is a wonder that if you leave, she will be tamed like that.
It is a world to see how tame, when men and women are alone, a meacock wretch can make the most beautiful shrew.
It is a worthy governor.
It is age that nourishes us.
It is all one thing.
It is almost fairy time.
It is almost morning.
It is as arrant as a piece of knavery, you can tell, as you can offer, in your conscience.
That is Banquo’s then.
It has been a deal that shook us up, alone, so that she will still be scolded.
It is best to give him the way.
It is better than that.
It is better to be brief than to be tedious. Let him see our commission and do not talk anymore.
It is bitter cold, and I am sick at heart.
It is too bad to say something.
It is short, my lord.
I can bring you a little way, because I am here.
It is only a man who has gone.
What do I care about?
It is only an hour ago, when it was nine, and after an hour more it will be eleven.
It is only one cast away, and so come death.
It is only your name that is my enemy.
It is called the evil.
He is sure he has passed the river Somme.
It is certain that the Prince is wooing for himself.
That is true for Cyprus.
It is certain there is no boy left alive, and the cowardly rascals who ran away from the battle have done this slaughter.
It is certain that every man dies ill, the ill on his own head.
It is certain.
It is Cinna.
It is clean out of the way.
It is cowardly and womanish.
It is dangerous to speak.
It is dangerous when the mighty opposites are surrounded by sand.
It is time for anyone in Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it, and I want all good men's love.
It is impossible to control your destiny, like death.
It is already done, and the messenger is gone.
It is done by me, and ends in “Margaret.” You have ruined yourself.
It is done.
It is wrong to truant with your bed and let her read it in your eyes.
It is even worse because let our fingerache go away and it is causing our other healthful members to feel pain.
That is true.
He is always a prologue to sleep.
It is absolutely valued, not petty things.
It is against the law of arms.
It is false.
It is far away, and it is rather like a dream than an assurance that my memory is worthy of.
It is figured out in my tongue.
It is good to understand them.
It is the best thing to do.
It is for the dead, not for the quick.
It is your sister.
It is gone.
It is good we do so.
It is good.
It is difficult, almost impossible.
It has been hatched, and it will be.
It is the man who sends us to destroy you here.
He is the villain Romeo.
That is him.
That is him.
It is a heavy night, but these may be fakes.
That is her command.
It is here.
It is here.
It is his style.
He is a victim.
It is hot, it is smokey.
It is locked in my memory and you will keep the key of it.
We are either here or here.
It is just me.
It has been known before.
It is late.
It is like a demi-cannon.
It is like the howling of Irish wolves against the moon.
It is marvellous, but you are only coming soon, you might have heard it else.
I would be able to do that very often.
It is midnight.
It is the best thing to do.
It is mine, and I will have it.
It is monstrous.
It is more, it is more.
It is most convenient.
It is true, and he asked me to ask your Majesties to hear and see the matter.
He is a wise man who guides his valor to act in safety.
It is much. Servants, leave me and her alone.
That is my picture.
It is neither here nor there.
It is new to you.
It is nine o'clock.
It is no less, I tell you, because the sluggish hand of the dial is now on the prick of noon.
It does not matter how it is in tune, so it is making enough noise.
It does not matter.
It does not matter. Go to the fellow, good Alexas.
It does not matter.
It is not time to play.
It is noble Kent, your friend.
It is noble.
It is not time for private sex.
It is not appropriate to obey him like that.
It is not for gravity to play at the cherry-pit with Satan.
It is not in the contract.
It is not needed yet.
It is not true now.
It is not as sweet as it was before.
It is not the first time you have been overshot.
It is not the king who sends you to the Tower.
It is not to make me jealous to say my wife is fair, is well fed, loves company, and dances.
She is not talking to me.
It is not yet day.
It is only four o'clock now.
It is near night.
It is twelve.
It is the time of night for witching, when churchyards are yawning and hell itself breathes out.
It is one Iago, old to the general.
It is a bit sour to be Caesar.
It is partly my own fault, which will be fixed soon.
It is good.
It is past, and so am I.
It is a terrible thing, but Iago knows that she has had sex with Cassio a thousand times.
It is pity for him.
It is pity you are walking around where any honest men are resorting.
It is appropriate that I obey him, but not now.
It is safer to be the one that we destroy than to dwell in a doubtful joy.
They said they eat each other.
It is said, man, and goodbye.
She is going to do it, and, lo, she will do the happiness.
It has been eleven years since the earthquake, and she was weaned. I will never forget that day.
It is so strange that even though the truth is as gross as black and white, my eyes will see it.
It is true, but Edward is alive.
It is so, and he is wearing a self-chain around his neck.
That is true.
That is true.
It is a bit mischievous, but the cry is very dire.
It is nothing. It was mine, it is his, and has been slave to thousands.
It is well spoken.
It is a sport to make a runner.
It is strange that they are leaving home so quickly and not sending back my messenger.
It is strange, My Theseus, that these lovers speak of.
It is strange, strange.
It is strange.
It is strange.
That is another savage.
It is hard to bear such idleness in the heart as Cleopatra did.
It is the curse of service.
It is the infirmity of his age.
It is the last service I will command you.
It is the time when madmen lead the blind.
They have put him on the death of the old man, to have his money and his money ruined.
It is thought Richmond is their admiral, and there they are, expecting Buckingham's help to welcome them to shore.
It is three o'clock, and, Romans, we will fight for luck in a second night.
That is the one: I hear him flattered, even though he is dead.
It is time I will tell you more.
It is time for me to leave.
It is time to look around.
It is time to get out of here.
It is time we threw out the field and assembled ourselves to the ground.
It is not to be doubted, madam.
It is too bad, too bad.
It is too late to go to bed now.
It is too narrow for you to consider.
It is torture and not mercy.
It is true, your daughter says.
It is true, and it is a worthy sign.
It is true, my brother’s daughter is Queen of Tunis, and she is heir of Naples, a region where there is some space
It is true, my liege, I had this ring from her.
It is true, my lords, he did.
It is true, this god shook!
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
It is twenty years until then.
It is two or three, my lord, who bring you the word Macduff.
It is very good.
It is very sad to think about it.
It is very similar.
That is very much appreciated.
It is very strange.
That is very true.
That is very true.
It is vile, unless it is a little quaint, and I am not sure what to do.
It is good, lads.
It is well agreed.
It is good for you to think that you can't escape Egypt without your freer thoughts.
It is good you found me.
It is good you are not a fisherman.
It is good you are offering it behind her back.
It is good that you have hunted for yourself, sir.
It is good.
It is a good thing.
He is standing in the water between boy and man.
It is wonderful that your life and your wits had not been finished all together.
It is wonderful.
It is worse than murder to do if you respect such violent outrage.
It is yours, and we, your scutcheons and your signs of conquest, will hang in whatever place you want.
Titinius, if you love me, mount my horse and hide your snore until he has brought you up to troops.
Titinius’s face is upward.
I am not a soldier.
Go to a nunnery.
I am back to the ropes, sir.
To Adriana, villain, go straight to you.
To Adriana.
We will have the bear again to anger him, and we will fool him black and blue.
To answer by the method, in the first of his heart.
To answer that question, I would confess to you.
To bait fish withal.
To Baptista Minola.
To be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune, but to write and read is a natural gift.
I am sorry, madam.
To be Count Malvolio!
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be a sensible man, by and by a fool, and now a beast!
I will be able to be sure I am not sure.
You cannot be your fellow, but I will be your servant whether you want or not.
To bed, to bed.
To bed?
To both their deaths, you will be a friend.
To Brutus’s, to Cassius’s, burn everything.
We will go to it with delight.
Go to sleep, silence!
I will give Caesar my legions and my horse.
We are going to cry “Amen” to that.
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt man.
To die, to sleep, and to say we are ending the heartache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to.
To die, to sleep.
I will try to do this, and I will try to do it.
I learned about you.
What do you want, Signior?
To Dover.
They are begging us to eat them hungry, and when they are full, they will belch us.
I will go to England, and I will go there.
I have been more generous to you than any other person, and I will give this young scholar to you.
To feed my humor, do not wish yourself harm.
The best way to feed was at home; from there, the sauce to meat is a ceremony; the meeting was bare without it.
To get her fan, her gloves, her mask, or anything?
To get my poor, distracted husband to leave.
To find you.
To flatter Caesar, would you go get one who ties his points together?
If the boar were flying before the boar pursued, the boar would incense the boar to follow us.
Is your lady inside?
You are afraid to think I am too savage, and you are worse off if you were beaten with cruelty, which is too bad for you.
To get his place and to plume up my will in double knavery.
To go out of my dialect, which you are so talking about.
To have a foolish wife.
To have a thousand spits come in with them.
To have no man come over me.
To her who isn’t here, and does not hear it.
I was beaten to her, my lord, when I saw Hermia.
To her, widow.
Tell him in your own voice and tell me how you find him.
I will.
To him, Sir Topas.
I will send my wife to him with whatever else you need to think of being sent after me.
He is so sweet and loving to him.
You gallant princes, you are right to horse.
I will go to Ireland.
To leave his wife, to leave his babes, his mansion and his titles in a place from where he is flying?
I would give them to me when I needed them, which you both denied.
To make a story of her life to a clod of a rotten marl?
To make the society more welcome, we will keep ourselves alone until dinnertime.
To make you answer to your name.
It is a prison for me.
To me, sir?
To move is to stir, and to be brave is to stand.
I will not give any more notice or place.
No more than you, no more than when you are coming.
You will see enough to get to one of your guests.
To our house.
To our shores, take many doubtful friends, unarmed and unresolved, and beat them back.
Honor is bound to the truth when majesty falls to a wickedness.
To prayers, to prayers, all lost!
Go to prison, eyes, and never look at liberty.
It is too bad to punish me for what you make me do.
I will say she is not so.
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, who put unluckily in this bay against the laws and laws of this town.
I do not see any moment.
To find my uncle in the Forest of Arden.
To serve me well, you all should do me the duty: teach me to be your queen, and you are my subjects.
To show a sad man is a job that the false man is easy to do.
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.
To supper?
To take it back again. Monster ingratitude!
I will never be able to take the widow out of her house, making her mad sister Goneril.
Tell me you will see me at Philippi.
I am trying to tell you the truth.
Telling you where he is is telling you where I am lying.
Take the priest, the clerk, and some honest witnesses to the church.
To the monument.
To that end, as he was matched to his youth and vanity, I presented him with the Paris balls.
To the breach, to the breach!
To death, my lord.
To the Elephant.
To the gates of Tartar, you devil of wit!
To the health of our general.
Go to jail with him.
To the mines?
To the seaside right away.
To the same tune and words.
To God’s mercy.
To the vales, and have our best advantage.
You are due to receive a woman's services.
I am recommending my sane soul, and I will let fall my eyes.
You, who have not been a good man or a good man.
To these injunctions, every person swears that I am a victim of a terrible self-destructiveness.
To your and Albany’s issue, be this perpetual. What is the news about our second daughter, Regan, wife of Cornwall?
To this chair, bind him. By the kind gods, you will find that it is most ignobly done to pluck my beard.
To this, add defiance, and tell him, for the sake of conclusion, he has betrayed his followers, whose condemnation is pronounced.
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
To go away with the title, as her mother does.
We can return to what base we use, Horatio.
What do you think?
To what end did I ask you to go home?
What do you want, my lord?
What do you want?
To which we all appeal.
Who is the office?
Who?
To whom do you say this?
To whom is your Grace speaking in all this presence?
To whom, my lord?
To those who sent the king to hell.
I will wreak the love I bore my cousin on his body that slaughtered him.
I am bound to live and teach you.
To, to, to murder me?
Today the lords you talked about are beheaded.
Tom will throw his head at them.
Tom, let’s go!
Tom’s cold.
Tom is a cold.
Tomorrow dinner?
Tomorrow I will hunt again.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow morning, come to my house, and since you cannot be my son-in-law, be my nephew.
Tomorrow night, look for yourself to lie alone.
Tomorrow night, when Phoebe sees her silver face in the watery glass, a grass covered with pearls, and the sand that remains
Tomorrow or the next day they will be here.
Tomorrow we will go back to our brother England.
Tomorrow we will be fully informed.
Tomorrow I will expect you to come.
Tomorrow we will hear ourselves again.
Tomorrow I will send you.
Will it be yours to be crowned tomorrow?
Tomorrow we will be married.
Tomorrow, with your earliest words, let me speak with you.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, we are all scolding fools in this petty pace from day to day to the last time we recorded.
Tomorrow, as he wants.
Tomorrow, before the sun will see, we will spill the blood that has escaped today.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I will be able to tell you rightly what I can do on land and sea.
If you want to speak with me tomorrow, I will come home to you.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I will fight for my credit, and the one who escapes me without a broken limb will acquit him well.
Tomorrow, soldier, I will fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow, I will judge a happy day.
No one can understand or name you.
No, do not say a word.
Tonight I will leave.
Tonight I will mourn Hero.
Tonight in Harfleur we will be your guest; tomorrow we will be heading for the march.
Tonight she has mewed up to her heaviness.
My dear son is too familiar with such sour company.
Too late, good Diomed.
It is too long for the things you are looking for.
Too old by heaven.
Too old to be engaged to young people.
Too fast is as late as too slow.
Too well what women can owe men.
Too well, too well.
Tooth that poisons if it bites, Mastiff, greyhound, mongrel.
Touch her soft mouth and march.
Do not touch me so close to me.
Have you touched the bastardy of Edward’s children?
We must be so sane, whose ruin you have sought, that we can deliver you to her law.
I am telling you this, it is an honest ghost.
They have fled towards Peloponnesus.
Is Chertsey, noble lord?
I made him to me, but he was ware of me and stole into the woods.
Are you the powerful pike?
Tranio is hitting you now.
I saw her lips in coral and perfumed the air with her breath.
Let’s go.
Tranio, you scolded me.
I will get to your power.
Travelers never lie, even though fools at home condemn them.
Go, give me your money.
Treachery!
Treason and murder were always kept together as two yoke-devils swore to each other, working so grossly in a natural way that admiration
He is not a victim of a crime, nor is he a victim of poison, domestic, foreign, or anything else.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his time.
She stood tremblingly and suddenly dropped.
The oaths of the general’s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will be a great idea to think about.
Trinculo, if you bother him more in the story, I will supplant some of your teeth with this hand.
Keep a good tongue in your head.
Please do not run into any further danger.
I am here, Audrey.
The king is a triple-turned whore.
I think your other rebato would be better.
My lord, I have played the role of Lady Fame.
No, no more than reason.
I cannot give you any without words, and words are so false that I am loath to prove that I am not able to do anything wrong
Do not bother him anymore until he is settled.
Do not bother us.
Do not bother yourself any more.
Do you know where I am going?
True hope is swift and flies with swallow's wings.
It is true that we have seen better days and have been knolled to church with a holy bell, sat at good men’s
True or false, it has made you Earl of Gloucester.
True, madam.
True, madam.
Yes, my good boy. Come, bring us to this hovel.
Yes, my lord.
True, noble prince.
Yes, sir.
“No,” said she, “a fine little man.” “No,” said I, “
True!
True.
I am afraid you are both damned by father and mother.
That is a peck of provender.
Yes, she is an obedient lady.
I am sure it is a shadow.
I have him, but I would not be the party that wants you to touch him, because he is immortal.
I think they are.
I wish the gods had made you poetical.
Yes, madam, he holds Beelzebub at the end of the staves as a man in his case can.
I am Cinna.
She is a very good writer.
Yes, she must be given a marriage, or the marriage is not legal.
It is a good life, but it is a bad life, and it is naughty.
I am a wll.
I am just a cobbler.
The better for my enemies and the worse for my friends.
I am going to do more work, sir.
You are an honorable father.
The more he is to blame, the more he is to blame.
The tree is a bad fruit.
Yes, young gentlemen, even though there was no big thing in the ditty, the note was very significant.
Trust me, I am glad about it.
I could do anything. Please, do not do anything else.
Trust me, I am afraid it is.
Trust me, I am taking him for the better dog.
Do not trust rotten planks.
Do not trust Trebonius.
Trust me, think about it.
Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, will furnish me with a bed.
Once again, I will come to know you, King Harry, if you are going to get your ransom before you are finally overthrown.
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen.
Turn from me, then, to the noble countenance where the whole world worships.
Turn melancholy away to funerals.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues, and my horse is a good argument for them.
Turn your back and tell your king I do not want him now, but I could be willing to march on to Calais without impeachment.
Look, there, as grim as hell.
Turn right at the next turn, but at the next turn on your left.
Turn, hellhound, turn!
I will give you a chorus to this history.
Do not worry, man.
Tush, Gremio.
I would rather say the fool is the fool.
I will be scolded, and everything will be good, I assure you.
You are wrong.
Oh, hey, man, never flee and jest at me.
Oh, a toy!
Do not worry about me.
I know why they do it.
I have lost myself.
I have the best armor in the world.
I do not like it.
She is a lamb, a dove, a fool to him.
You are a man.
Oh, my lord, we will not stand to fight.
Oh, you are iced, your kindness freezes.
He never liked a color.
It was a fault that was unwilling to be overcome.
It was a rough night.
It was a shame no less than his loss, to get your flying flags and leave his navy gazing.
It was a sweet marriage, and we are going to be happy.
It was a long time before I could get a tooth.
He was told against him, and he quit the house on purpose that their punishment could be freer.
I was promised to strike, and you have given me the most bitter terms.
I was the one who killed her.
I was, but it is not me.
It was never a happy world, since low-feigning was a compliment.
There was no need to tell me to trudge.
He was in his tent on a summer evening, and that day he overcame the Nervii.
You were the boy who stole your meat, and you will beat the post.
It was flesh that shook the pelican daughters.
I was told you were rough and coy and sullen, and now I find a report that you are a liar.
That was where you wooed the gentlewoman so well.
It was comforting to see that misfortune could beguile the tyrant’s rage and frustrate his proud will.
We laughed at you.
Is it weak by the nose?
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago, your father was the Duke of Milan and a prince of power.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
It would be a good deed to drink when a man is hungry, to challenge him to the field, and then to break his promise with him
He should not say anything wrong about Brutus here.
It is damning to think so, but I am not sure what to say.
It would be good to do so much for charity.
You should tell him, because who is just a queen, fair, sober, wise, would hide from a paddock, from a bat,
You would be too curious to think about it.
He turned his back twice and purposefully, but kindness, nobler than revenge, and nature, stronger than his just occasion, made him give battle
Then the trumpets sounded twice, and I left him tranced.
It will be a good way to fight, and tomorrow the fight will be.
It will be a storm.
It will be heavier than a man’s weight.
You will be wrong.
It is a naughty thing, but let it be.
It is time to record a precedent, and many errors by the same example will rush into the state.
You will gain or perish on the seas.
Wind and weather will keep you warm.
He is not going to be seen there.
Two deep enemies, who are begging me to rest, and my sweet sleep disturbers, are those who I wish you could deal with.
Two hundred ducats.
Two nights together, these gentlemen Marcellus and Barnardo were on their watch, in the dead waste and middle of the night.
You are at two o'clock?
Two of both kinds make four.
Two of my brother's men were bound!
Two of the fairest stars in the heavens, who have some business, are begging her eyes to twinkle in their spheres until they return.
Two of them have the same honor, and if they are misled, they will be able to do it in John the Bastard.
Two or three groaners.
Two opposing kings still encamp them in man as well as in herbs.
Two things are to be done: My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress.
He is now a Christian, and that he is a gift from the court of justice for all the money he has possessed.
Two thousand ducats by the year of land.
Two shirts and a smock.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banned.
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo has been banned.
Tybalt would kill you, but you slew Tybalt. There are you happy.
Tybalt, my cousin.
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?
Tybalt, the heir to old Capulet, sent a letter to his father’s house.
Tybalt, the reason I have to love you is to excuse the rage that comes with such a greeting.
Tybalt’s death was a terrible one if it had ended there.
Tyranny is dead.
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants were crying when it was reported.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
Unaccompanied man is no more than a poor, bare, forked animal as you are.
Unarm, Eros.
Unbutton here.
You have dealt with me uncharitably, and my hopes are ruined.
Uncle, I have to come out.
Uncle, this is a Montague, our enemy, a villain who has come here to scorn our solemnity.
Uncle, your Grace knows how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Why are you coming to murder us?
Unwind in the western valley.
Let women die under a compelling occasion.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
I sink under love’s burden.
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under the earth.
Under this conjuration, speak, my lord, because we will hear, note, and believe in your heart that what you say is pure.
What captain do you serve?
What title should I give you, so that God, the law, my honor and her love can make her tender years look like a joy?
Take it away.
I will sell my dukedom to buy a slobb'ry and a dirty farm in Albion.
Unhappy fortune!
I am so unhappy that I cannot eat my heart into my mouth.
Unkindness can do much, and his unkindness can defeat my life, but never taint my love.
Do not scold your lord, your king, your governor.
If he does not have a fancy for this foolery, as it appears he has, he is not a fool for fancy.
If I haven’t mista’d his colors much, which I am sure I haven’t done, his regiment is
Unless the master were the man.
If you could teach me how to forget a banished father, you shouldn’t teach me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure.
I am not a good lady as you are.
This is a terrible mockery.
I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I have been a fool until I know this.
It is too late to get hurt.
Storms make men expect a dearth.
To bad causes swear as many men as you can.
The high imperial type of this earth is to the dignity and height of fortune.
I was unwilling.
I will lead them up and down, up and down.
He sat up in the air, crowned with the golden sun, saw his heroical seed and smiled to see him mangle nature and deface
That is correct.
Up to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
I will lie here tonight.
Up, my lords.
You are the dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy
Up, up, and see the great doom’s image!
Up.
I was a bit upset with the cut of a courtier’s beard.
Upon condition that Publius will not live, who is your sister’s son?
Upon her landing, Antony sent to her and invited her to supper.
He is ashamed to sit on his forehead, because it is a throne where honor can be crowned.
He is not a man who has dreadfully rounded him, and he is not a man who is jokingly dressed up in a dark night.
I swear, my brother, and this grieving count saw her, hear her, at that hour last night talk with a man at her window.
I heard a humming, and a strange one, which awakened me.
Then each actor came on his ass.
I swear by some means, I am obnoxious of all my money.
I will do it on my life, my lord.
I am sure she is a sane man.
I can dismiss this court unless Bellario, a trained doctor I sent for to determine this, is coming here today.
I am a lie, a wicked lie.
On my sword.
On record, my Lord.
My Cordelia, the gods themselves throw incense on such sacrifices.
I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
On the moon’s edge there is a huge drop.
What was the thing that sank on the cliff?
Upon the king!
On the platform, eleven and twelve, I will visit you.
I am right on the right hand.
Upon four strokes.
Upon four strokes.
At ten.
When I heard about the poisoning?
Have them.
I said that on this hint.
What bargain do you give me?
What is the cause?
What sickness did you suffer?
Upon your sword, win the laurel and be beaten up before your feet.
Urchins will go out of the night to work, and all of them will be on you.
Do not ask me to do anything else, I will forget myself.
Do not give me any charity or shame.
Tell us the necessity and the situation of times, and do not be peeved in great designs.
Use Desdemona well.
Use it for my love, rather than swear by it.
Use lenity, sweet chuck.
Use me as a spaniel—spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, and lose me.
Use me well.
Use them after your own honor and dignity.
Use your authority.
What are my thoughts?
Do not let your gravity go into a gossip’s bowl, because here we do not need it.
I will give you your merits, and I will blemish Caesar’s triumph.
Varrus and Claudio!
Vengeance, plague, death, confusion!
Stop my nonsense!
Vent my nonsense?
Verona, I am leaving for a while to see my friends in Padua, including my best friend, Hortensio.
Summer in Verona hasn’t been such a beautiful flower.
Very brief, and to exceed good sense.
It is very easy.
Very bad.
Very happy.
Very good orators, when they are out, they will spit.
Very good, my lord.
Very good!
Very good.
Very sick, too.
Very similar to a whale.
Very many, men and women too.
Very sweet and contagious, I am sure.
He is very vile in the morning, when he is sober, and most vile in the afternoon, when he is drunk.
Very well mended.
I think it is very well done, wisely, wisely.
Very well, madam.
Very well, my lord.
Very well, my lord.
Very well, “go to”!
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Do not ignore his ghost.
Do not ignore his prescience.
Victory is on our helms.
Let’s go to earth.
I am no one.
I say, I will knock me at this gate and rap me well, or I will knock your knave’s slap.
No, not for your life.
Villain, you denied the gold’s receipt and told me about a mistress and a dinner, for which I hope you felt displeased
Villain, you do not know the law of God or man.
You are a fool, you lie.
A vile whore!
Villains, you did not do that when your vile daggers hacked one another in Caesar’s sides.
Virtue is beauty, but evil is empty trunks.
Virtue is not a hornmaker, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
Virtue itself turns vice into being misapplied, and vice may be a mistake.
Virtue is only patched with sin, and sin is only patched with virtue.
Virtue?
I hope to those who haven’t read the story that I can tell them to tell them, and I humbly ask them to admit
Wear this ring.
I am not going to curse your self by circumstance.
I am not allowed to acquit myself, but to be a woman.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Do not wake her up.
Wake up when some vile thing is near.
Warm, oh my.
Yes, my man is as true as steel.
Wasn’t it the way?
Wasn’t it to this purpose that you began to tell such a fine story?
Was he saved you?
Was it you who did so often to kill him?
Was there ever a book with such a vile subject that was so fair?
Was a man ever so rayed?
Was a man ever so beaten?
Was a man ever so tired?
Was there ever a match clapped up so suddenly?
Was a woman ever won this fight?
Was a woman ever wooed by this humor?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
Wasn’t he companion with the riotous knights who are chasing my father?
Wasn’t he here?
Was I with you for the goose?
Wasn’t it yesterday that we spoke to each other?
Was it so late, friend, when you went to bed, that you were lying so late?
Was Milan thrust out of Milan, so that he should become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
I never had a mother so much to lose.
Never had a widow so much to lose.
Didn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, speak to me?
Didn’t Count John sit here at supper?
Did Cassio break from my wife?
Wasn’t that a letter from a good Jessica?
Wasn’t this love true?
Was that done like Cassius?
Was that my?
Was that my father who left here so fast?
Was the crown offered to him three times?
Was the hope drunk when you dressed yourself?
Was this ambition?
Was this before the king returned?
Was this paper, this very good book, made to write “whore”?
Are they washing his wounds with tears?
Wash your hands.
Was it born in the forest here?
Was it ever in court, shepherd?
Was you mad, that you answered me so madly?
Did you not be charged with peril? Why Dover? Let him answer that.
Watch me like a pig.
Watch you for the command tonight, I will lay it on you.
We all expect a gentle answer, Jew.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar and there is no blood in the spirit of men.
We are arrant knaves, all of them.
We are blessed by the change.
We are so sad that Rome has rid of him.
We are bound to the same.
We are still enough to smother the English in our throngs, if any order could be thought of.
We are for you.
We are friends.
We are glad the Dauphin is so friendly with us.
We are haunted.
We are in God’s hand, brother, not in theirs.
We are men, my liege.
We are not a tyrant, but a Christian king, whose grace is as subject to our passion as our wretches are in our prisons.
We are ready, my lord.
We are sent to give you a thank you from our royal master, only to show you his vision, and not pay you.
We are spoiled and he is.
We are like things that dream about, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
We are the makers of manners, Kate, and the freedom that follows us stops the mouth of all the slanders.
We are the queen’s abjects and we must obey.
We are their parents and originals.
We are three of them.
We are two lions littered in one day, and I am the older and more terrible.
We are gone, lady, we are gone.
We are very sorry for it.
We are still young in the matter of things.
We are, my lord, and we have come to have the warrant that we can be admitted to where he is.
We are strangers here, how do you trust such a large charge from your own custody?
We both have sex as well, and we can both end up soaking up the cold winter as well as he.
We came here crying.
We came here to fight with you.
We cannot all be masters, and we cannot be followed.
We cannot be both here and there.
We cannot call her sighs and tears.
We cannot fight for love as men can.
We will charge you in the Prince’s name to stand.
We are not afraid of augury.
We kept our time, sir, in our catches.
We did, my lord, weeping and commenting on the sobbing deer.
We do not come as a fool to contest you, but we are not going to be.
We do not know.
We do not mean the snatchers, but we are afraid of the Scot, who has been a giddy neighbor to us.
We do, my lord.
We do not doubt it.
We do not doubt that every rub we have gotten on our way.
We do not doubt a fair and lucky war, since God has brought this dangerous treason to light.
We will first speak to you, who, with this king, rivaled for our daughter.
We follow you. The county is still alive.
We found him in the churchyard.
We wish we had two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth.
We had a much larger feast than that, which was worth noting.
We have a foolish banquet to eat. Is it true?
We have beaten him to his camp.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare, which, we hope, will make us better.
We have been looking for him all over the place.
We are glad that matters are so well understood.
We have agreed to all terms of reason.
We have done our job.
We have been too far.
We have recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery ever known in the commonwealth.
We have kissed away Kingdoms and provinces.
We have lost the best half of our affair.
We have lost your son forever, I am afraid.
We have no friend except a friend, and we have the best outcome.
We do not have any such thing.
We have not made any preparations.
We have not spoken to anyone about torchbearers yet.
We have not yet set the day of triumph.
We have scorched the snake, not killed it.
We have seen the best of our time.
We have a store to do it, and they have earned the money.
We have already sworn, my lord.
We have two hours to get out of here.
We have used our throats in Egypt.
We have used to conquer standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot.
We have willing dames.
We have, sir.
We are here to help you.
We hope to make the sender blush at it.
We are not judged less. Please add the man who railed against us yesterday.
We know each other’s faces; for our hearts, he doesn’t know more about mine than I do about yours, or
We know your charges, Brakenbury, and we will obey them.
We know what is going on with a watch.
We will be able to learn from the confident tyrant who is still in Dunsinane and will endure our battle before it.
We will see you tomorrow.
We did not look for Mark Antony here.
We love him very much, and we will continue to give him our grace.
We can as sanely spend our vain command on the enragèd soldiers in their armor as send precepts to the Leviathan.
We can do this for a while before daybreak.
We must be married, or we must live in a sane manner.
We must be patient, but I can’t choose to cry, to think they should lay him in the cold ground.
We have to bear everything.
We must both give and take.
We have to die, Messala.
We have to do something, and it is time to get out of here.
We have to follow the leaders.
We have to have your hose and doublets plucked over your head and show the world what the bird has done to her own nest.
We have to go to the king.
We cannot displease him now.
We shouldn’t.
We have to obey the time.
We have to go out and talk.
We have to starve our eyes from the food of lovers until midnight.
We have to watch.
We never valued this poor place in England and therefore, living here, gave ourselves a barbarous license.
We are near his cell now.
We do not please them by land.
Please, for your own sake, embrace your own safety and give up on this attempt.
We say that the queen’s wife has a pretty foot, a cherry lip, a bonny eye, and a pleasing tongue.
We say the king is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen has been struck in years, fair, and not jealous.
We see how mortal and unkind they are.
We see it and will say it.
We see the beginning of the day, but I think we will never see the end of it.
We will be unprepared for this time.
We will be the more attractive.
We will scold you for letting me stay.
We will find a time, Audrey.
We will find him a shrewd man.
We will think about it further.
We will receive a rare letter from him, but you will not deliver it.
We will know by this fellow.
We will never be younger.
We would obey if she were ten times our mother.
We will, my liege.
We will do what you command us, my lord.
We will, my lord.
We would like to see you in the council today, but we will take it tomorrow.
We should have met you on land and sea, providing everyone on the stage with a special greeting.
We should profane the service of the dead to sing a requiem and rest to her as to peace-stressed souls.
We do not speak of treason, man.
We are talking here in the public haunt of men.
We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites. If we do not obey them, this will happen.
We thank your Honor.
We will forget the handwriting of our hands sooner than the rebirth of desert and merit.
We do not think so, my lord.
We are married, but you two are sped.
We took him for a coward, but he is the devil incardinate.
We took this mattock and this spade from him as he was coming from this churchyard’s side.
We will sing like birds in the cage.
We will guard your person while you rest and watch your safety.
We will wait on your Grace.
We will wait on your Grace.
We are going to waste our lights in vain, like lights by day.
We were Christians before, and we could live as many as we could.
We will be married on Sunday.
We will be satisfied.
We will be witnesses.
We will see his death.
We will go together.
We will go walk a little in the orchard, then to dinner.
We will greet you at the time.
We will hurry.
We will see more of this tomorrow.
We will not have any telling.
We will have a prologue like this, and it will be written in eight and six.
We will hear Caesar’s will.
We will leave your father’s house soon.
We will be here.
We will meet, and we can listen courageously and obscenely.
We will not fail.
We will do what we want.
We will convince him to put on better things before he goes to church.
We will not go any further in this direction.
We will not spare for any wit, I assure you.
We will speak further.
We will do well.
We will climb up to the top of the mountain, fair queen, and see the confusion of hounds and hear them in conjunction.
We will, my noble lord.
We will.
We wish you peace.
Before we hear him, we would be able to decide some things that matter to us and France.
We want all of these crimes to be cut off so quickly.
We would not die in that man’s company, who fears his fellowship with us.
We would do that, and then we would go ashore.
We are ready to decline at the height of this country.
We have created both one flower, both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, and both singing in one key.
We are often committing our own harms, which the wise powers refuse to do for our good, and we are so lucky by losing our prayers.
We will go along with them and meet them at Philippi.
We will answer.
We will leave tonight, and we will be a day before our husbands return home.
We will be friends first.
We will beat them into a hole.
We will bring him to his house with shouts and clamors.
We will burn his body in the holy place, and with the brands we will burn the traitors' houses.
We will burn the house of Brutus.
We will bury him, and then, what is brave, what is noble, let’s do it after the high Roman fashion.
We will cut the signior’s hair.
We will go all together.
We will feast each other if we are parting, and let’s draw lots of people who will start.
We will give them the opportunity to speak.
We will go along together, and if you have spent your youthful wages, we will be able to get some settled content.
We will go to supper in the morning.
We will do it tomorrow night.
We will have you trimmed up to a softer and sweeter couch than the lustful bed on purpose for Semiramis.
We will have you sprayed on a pole and underwrited, “Here may you see the tyrant.”
We will hear a play tomorrow.
We will hear what he says.
We will hear him.
We will hear it, Antony.
We will hear the will.
We will not keep a great ado about a friend or two.
We will know all about our fortunes.
We will lead you there.
We will leave you, Brutus.
We will eat dinner again here.
We will mutiny.
We will never meet again, we will never see each other again.
We are not going to run, Monsieur Monster.
We will overreach the graybeard, Gremio, the narrow-prying father, Minola, the charming musician, and the charming
We will revenge his death.
We will see if they die first.
We will see our husbands before they think about us.
We will send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he will say you are not well today.
We will send you to school to teach you that winter is not laboring.
We will begin these rituals as soon as we trust them to end, in true delights.
We will speak to them, and tonight I will force the wine to peep through their scars.
We will talk to you at sea.
We will teach you to drink deep before you leave.
We will go to church tomorrow.
We will go to dinner.
We will go to the river.
We will visit Caliban, my slave who never gives us a kind answer.
We will wait on your lordship.
We will wait on your lordship.
We will whisper about a couple of or two of most sage saws.
Weapons, arms?
Wear both of them, because both of them are yours.
Weary nights nine times nine will dwindle, peak and pine.
Wednesday is tomorrow.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.
You are not a sanctuary in taking him.
Welcome back from Mantua.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Welcome, ass.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Welcome, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, Signior.
Welcome, then, you unsubstantial air that I embrace.
Welcome, wanderer.
Welcome.
I am hoping for a young man like that.
Well, welcome to the open air.
Goodbye, gentlemen.
Good luck.
Well demanded, wench.
Well, go away.
Well, you have heard something hard about it.
Good, I am sure.
I know the man well.
Good luck.
Well, you can woo and be happy to be your speed.
Good morning, we have a good meeting here.
Good morning, Corporal Nym.
Good morning, gentleman.
Good morning, my lord.
Good-bye, good-bye, Master Antipholus.
Good luck, Lion!
Well praised!
Please, father.
Well roared, Lion!
Good run, Thisbe!
Well said, old mole!
That is correct.
That is correct.
Well, moon! Truly, the moon shines with a good grace.
Well struck!
Well then, confess and live.
Well then, go into hell.
Well then, I know you.
If I ever thank any man, I will thank you.
Well then, it seems you are getting my help.
Well, Legitimate Edgar, I have to have your land.
Please go, gentle Catesby, and, as far as it were, you Lord Hastings would tell you how he is positioned in our mission
Have you thought about my speeches?
Well, keep me alive.
Well then, take a good heart and be fooled to be a man.
Well then, the peace you urged him to give him is the answer he gave him.
It was Signor Benedick who said that.
Good idea.
Good thought.
Well, I agree.
You were well-dressed.
It is not true, my Lord High Constable.
Well, again.
Well, it is all one.
Well, it is all for that.
Well, that is what I would like to do, because I see, four feasts are coming.
Well, time will tell.
Well, you guess?
Well, I will turn and have something lean to cut the hand out.
Well, it is true.
Well, Brutus, you are noble.
Well, I am not sure.
What time is it?
Well, Catesby, if I am older, I will send some packing that does not think about it.
Come back tomorrow.
Well, come, my Kate.
Well, daughter, and you ladies, get out of here and come dressed.
Well, do it, and be brief.
Do your discretion.
Goodbye, my lord.
Thank God for your favor, sir, please thank God, and do not boast about it, and for your writing and reading, let that appear
Well, go ahead, go ahead!
Well, gentlemen, I am so happy. On Sunday next week, you will know that my daughter Katherina is going to be married.
Well, go away.
Well, girl, you are not crying for his death, as much as for the life of the villain who killed him.
Well, go on your way.
Well, go on your way.
Go to, I will.
Well, go on.
God give them wisdom.
God bless you.
Good night.
Well, happy to their sheets!
Heaven is foremost, and there are souls to be saved.
Well, here is my comfort.
Well, honor is the subject of my story.
Well, I am glad everything works out so well.
I am not fair, and therefore I beg the gods to make me honest.
I am sorry for your niece.
I can’t tell.
Well, I think so.
Well, I have done it.
Well, I do not know what the harsh Fortune casts on my face, but I will never come to make my heart cry.
Well, I do not say no.
I will be a sinner, to be a double-dealer.
I will call Beatrice to you, who I think has legs.
I will do it, even if I take you in the king’s company.
I will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours.
Well, I will go, and I will give them to you as you bade me.
Well, I will marry one day, but I will try.
Well, I will go.
Well, I will do it.
Well, I wish you liked me.
I will be revenged as soon as I can.
Well, I will break in.
Well, I will end the song by saying, "Sirs, cover the time; the duke will drink under this tree."
Well, I will hide the body in some hole until the duke orders his burial.
If you were only an inch better than me, where would you choose it?
Well, you are missing out on that hit.
Well, Jessica, go inside.
Jove, not me, is the one who does this, and he deserves a thank you.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with you tonight.
Keep me quiet for two years, you will not know the sound of your own tongue.
Let him go.
Let it be. What a ho, Malvolio!
Let it strike.
Let that rest.
Let them rest, Catesby.
Let’s go and say how much is done.
Well, look at it.
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, masters, we hear our charge.
Well, I hope you see what is going on.
Well, more on that. Come on, I ask you, is the king coming?
Well, my dreadful lord, I have to call you now.
Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
Well, my good lord, I have told them so.
Well, my good lord, I will do it.
Well, my lord.
Well, officer, arrest him at my trial.
Well, old man, I will tell you news about your son.
Please be calm, sir.
Well, let’s go.
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in the heart.
Thank the gods for your foulness; you can come here later.
Well, sir.
Well, sir, I will tell you, because I am not idle.
Well, sir, get in.
Well, sir, good night.
Well, sir, thank you.
Well, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I will bring you to Lear’s house and leave you to attend him.
Well, sir, I am not sure the gown is for me.
Well, sir, learn to scold me in good time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
Well, then, it will be dry.
Well, sir, we will not.
Well, sir?
Well, sir.
Well, sir.
Sit down and listen to Barnardo’s talk about this.
Stand aside. God, they are both in a beer.
Well, Susan is with God.
Tell us in brief the reason why you departed from your native home and for what reason you came to Ephesus.
Tell me what lady you have been to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage, that you promised to tell me today.
That is the dowry of his wife, and it is not his own.
That is the beginning that is dead and buried.
Well, then I will see you again.
Well, that is the humor of it.
Think about marriage now.
Well, you do the best.
You have made me feel so wonderful.
It is the old justice who examines all offenders, and time is the time to try.
Well, we are alive.
Well, we will see what you are doing.
Well, we will sift him. Welcome, my good friends!
Well, we were born to die.
Well, we will leave you until dinnertime.
Well, we will see it.
Well, well, let’s go.
Well, well, put your sword on your sword.
Well, you have a careful father, child.
Well, well, we will thrive now.
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
What is it?
Well, what was yours?
What is the worst thing?
You are a rare parrot-teacher.
Well, you are going both ways.
Well, you are going to call all the alehouses and ask those who are drunk to get them to bed.
Well, you have made a simple choice.
Well, you may be afraid to go too far.
Well, you are rushing around with the hours.
Well, you will be sentenced for not long.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, now come, my Ariel!
Did he leave now?
If they did not get out of here quickly, I would die with laughing.
Don’t you go to her for a purse of ducats?
If I were able to keep my hands in my blood, they would be able to displace and tear your flesh and bones.
If there were twenty of the greatest tributaries who acknowledge Caesar, would I find them so sour with the hand of her?
If he weren’t warmed with ale, this would not be a bed but a cold place to sleep.
If I were a common laugher, or if I were a stale man, or if I were a stale man.
If I were in England now, as I was once, and I had only painted this fish, I would be a holiday fool.
If I were my father, would I do this?
Did it be good?
Isn’t it better to be taller than a man, because I am more than common tall?
Were never orphans so much lost.
Didn’t my doors lock up and I have shut out?
Didn’t you even get acquainted with the Countess Olivia?
Were things like that here?
If I were in the world, Demetrius being bated, I would give you the rest of my time to translate.
If they were not forced to marry those who should be ours, we could have met them with courage, beard to beard, and beat them back
If we were in front of our army, and I were going to fight, I would do that.
Were we born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, as long as the rest of you go, I would let my tears fall on your cheek and say, “
Did you come here when it started?
Did you make the messenger?
If you were well served, you would be taught your duty.
You are as young as I am, Juliet, your love, you have only been married an hour, Tybalt was murdered, you are
Do you want to be banned from dying?
Don’t bet my brother, I wouldn’t take this hand from your throat until this other had pulled out your tongue.
What is quality?
What a blow it was!
What a blunt man this man has become.
What a brazen-faced man you are trying to deny you know me.
What a savage you are.
What a fearful night this is.
What foolish duty do you call this?
What a life is this that your poor friends must woo your company?
What a long night this is!
What kind of man are you?
What a night this is!
What a pestilent knave this is!
What a ninny this is! You scurvy patch! I beg you to give him blows and take his bottle from him.
What a plague means, my niece, to take the death of her brother like this?
What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit.
What a sigh!
What a strange drowsiness they have.
What a triple ass I was, to take this drunk man for a god and worship him.
What a wretched and peevish fellow this king is to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his knowledge.
What do you mean by Adam?
What an eye she has!
What do you think?
What are his words?
What are these faces?
Who are the actors?
What are they, please ask your ladyship?
What are your comings?
What are you going to do then?
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
What are you who grumbled in the straw?
What are you doing to keep me out of the house I owe?
What are you, fellow?
What are you doing?
What kind of savage is he?
What beard would I use to play it in?
What beast did you think you were breaking this deal with?
What black magician is threatening this fiend to stop charitable acts?
What kind of man is that bloody man?
What do you call the carriages?
What can be avoided if the gods want to end the battle?
What does he say in this?
What can I do?
What do you swear by now?
What else?
What cheer is that, my love?
What cheer?
What claim does she make to you?
What color, madam?
What time can you name, who ever graced me in your company?
What have you done?
What company is this?
What color is she?
What are they worried about?
What conquest brings him home?
What is Conrade?
What counterfeit did I give you?
What country is this, friends?
What countryman?
What foot is wandering this way tonight to cross my rite of love and obsequies?
What day is this?
What devil are you who torture me like this?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did your song do, lady?
What did you do to make it happen?
What did you mean by that handkerchief you gave me now?
What did you like?
What do I fear?
What do you see on you?
What do they do in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west?
What do you call the play?
What are you doing alone?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean to dote on such luggage?
What do you mean, my lord?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you see?
What do you think of marching to Philippi now?
What do you think of me?
What do you think?
What does he say about Brutus?
What is the tyrant doing?
What does this mean, my lord?
What dogs are these?
What do you know about me?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you think?
What are you wearing?
What do you mean by this?
What does she say, my lord of Buckingham?
What drink do you drink often instead of sweet, but poisoned flattery?
What is that sweet salute for me?
What effects, my lord?
What else is there?
What else?
What is the business, Popillius?
What is wrong with our eyes and ears?
What eye would spy out such a fight?
What features are there?
What is going on, my lord?
What fool is this?
What kind of play did we play that we came from here?
What friend?
What can you see from the cape at sea?
What further troubles do you have to face against me?
What gentleman?
What good is covered with the face of heaven, to be discovered, that can do me good?
What is going on, no matter.
What did he do to make him fly the land?
What did he do to you?
What handkerchief?
What is this harmony?
What have you been doing?
What have you found?
What are you going to do?
What did he say?
What has shattered them has given me fire.
What did I keep back from that?
What have you done with the dead body, my lord?
What have you done?
What have you, my friends, deserved from the fortune she sent you to prison here?
What he lost, noble Macbeth has won.
I have written my sister’s letter.
I am not a fan of him, but I am just trying to please his fantasy.
What heir of York is there alive but we?
Horatio!
The Emperor’s guard!
What horrible thing is this?
What hour is it?
I am as secret as a girl.
I will do what I can, and I will do more than I dare for myself.
I would say it all to your suggestion, plot, and practice.
I do not know what I should think of this, but I believe that there is no man so vain that would refuse such a fair offer.
What if a man brought him a hundred pounds or two to make a happy day?
What if I had said I saw him do you wrong?
What if I did not go any further, but decided to go here?
What if it has come to you again?
What if my house is ruined by a rat and I am happy to give ten thousand ducats to have it banned?
What if this mixture does not work at all?
What kind of matter will he make easy next?
What is wrong?
What infinite heart’s ease do kings neglect that private men enjoy?
What time is it?
What do you want?
What do you say?
What are you doing?
What do you say?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What did he say to you, Ophelia?
What is it?
What time is it?
What is a man if his chief good and market of time are only to sleep and feed?
What is a traitor?
What is wrong?
What is between you?
What has been decreed must be, and that is the way it is.
What is he doing at the gate?
What is the reason for a fool who is prone to a bad mood?
Who will buy his flock and his pasture?
What do you want, niece?
What is he?
Who is her mother?
What is this?
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his strength on land?
What else is it?
What is she doing now?
What do you want to tell me?
What did you say?
What do you want?
What is it, my friends?
What is it?
What is my name?
What is my offense?
What is Pyramus?
What is she?
What is she?
What is that noise?
What is the course and the direction of your pact?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter?
What is the matter, husband?
What is the matter, lady?
What is the matter, masters? Honest Iago, who looks dead with grief, Speak, who started this?
What is the matter, my lord?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news?
What do Pythagoras think about wildfowl?
What is the reason for this terrible summons?
What is the success?
What time is it?
What is this castle called, which stands by hard?
What is this?
What is this that looks like a king, and wears on his baby-brow the round and top of his sovereignty?
What is this?
What is Thisbe?
What is your name, young man?
What is your name?
What is your name?
What is your news then?
What is your soul of adoration?
What will you do with her?
What should I say to him?
What do you mean by gentleman?
What is your difference?
What is your name?
What is your fatherage?” I am not sure what I am doing, but my state is well.
What do you want, madam?
What do you want?
What are your thoughts?
What will I do with this?
What will you send me?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What is my nation?
I will tell you what it is, Caius, and how it will be done.
What it should be, more than his father’s death, that puts him so much from his own understanding, I cannot imagine.
What judgment should I do if I did not do anything wrong?
What kind of god are you, who suffer more mortal grief than your worshippers?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of woman is she?
What lawful quest did the judge give their verdict?
What less is the Prince’s doom than doomsday?
What does that mean to be the death of this marriage?
What is his amendment likely?
What love could force Lysander out of my side?
What do you mean by leaving home?
What makes him here?
What is the frontline on that?
What was the trouble between you and me?
What man are you, who stumbles on my advice, so be screened in the night?
What man do you dig it for?
Who is that man?
Who is that man?
What man was he talking to you for a night out at your window?
What is your crocodile doing?
What kind of man are you?
What kind of man are you?
What many men want is to learn more than the fond eye can teach.
What do you mean, sir?
What music, what music?
What can I call your name?
What can she do?
What do you mean, Caesar?
What do you mean, madam?
What do you mean, sir?
What are you doing?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean, that you do not help me?
What do you mean by that?
What is that bloody knife?
What is this nonsense?
What is this lady?
What is this shouting?
What is your grace?
What is your lordship doing?
What men do daily, not knowing what they do.
What men have you lost?
What men can do.
What mercy can you give him, Antonio?
What would it be like to see that this sweaty rush makes the night work together with the day?
What could I do to send my sister’s letter to him?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What misadventure is that early in the morning that calls our person out of our morning sleep?
What mistress, slave are you?
What money, sir?
What must be will be.
What name is the fair lady?
What do you need?
What is the need for a bridge much larger than the flood?
What do you need to be five and twenty-five to follow in a house where twice as many people have a command to take care of you
What should you run so many miles about when you can tell your story the nearest way?
What did you need to sneeze into your pocket?
What are you waiting for?
What is the need for this remark, woman?
What news are you getting out of here?
What news do the merchants have?
What news did Genoa have?
What is the news from her?
What news do you have?
What news do you have, sir?
What news, Borachio?
What news do you have, my lord?
What news do you have in this stumbling state?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What is the news about this haunted grove?
What is this noise?
What is that noise?
What is that noise?
What is this noise?
What is this noise? Is it not dead?
What is that noise?
What is that noise?
What is wrong with his spongy officers, who will be guilty of our great qull?
What is going on, Lucillius?
What about that?
What time will I send you?
What about that?
What about that?
What about that?
What offense, sweet Beatrice?
What other bond do you have than secret Romans who have spoken the word and will not be able to scold you?
What paper were you reading?
What is the passion that hangs on my tongue?
What are they doing?
What a poor instrument can do a noble deed.
What prisoners of good nature are taken?
I do not know what private grief they have, and that made them do it.
What kind of wretch are you?
What promise, chuck?
What do I need to do about that?
What will your Honor wear today?
What kind of wickedness can he hold when he climbs down the hill with his fierce career?
What is going on?
What ring did you give me, my lord?
What did he say when he came to himself?
What did he say?
What did my man say when my sane soul did not attend him as we rode?
What did Northumberland say about Richmond?
What satisfaction can you have tonight?
What do the snoring men say?
What do you say, sir?
What do you say to Falconbridge, the young baron of England?
What do you say to a neat's foot?
What do you say to a piece of beef and mustard?
What do you say, Bottom?
What do you say, Hermia?
What do you say, uncle?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say, my beautiful flower de luce?
What do you say, noble heart?
What do you say now?
What do you say, Biondello?
What do you say?
What does he say about our marriage?
What does Lord Stanley say?
What do you say, my lord?
What does Polonius say?
What does Romeo say?
What does that fool of Hagar’s descendants say?
What does the golden chest say?
What does the silver say with her virgin hue?
What does this lead casket say?
What does your Highness say to my request?
What do you say to him?
What do you say to me now?
What do you say, my dear Nurse?
What do you say?
What sense did I have in her lust-filled hours?
What serious contemplation are you in?
What services can you do?
What should we do, then?
What will happen from this?
What should I call you when you are a man?
What should I do?
What should I do?
What should I know of you?
What should I say?
What should I swear by?
What else should we do?
What should we do, Enobarbus?
What should we hear about this?
What should you ask about me that I will deny, that honor, that you may give after you asked me to give?
What should a man do only to be cheerful?
What should he be?
What should I do for you?
What should I do?
What should I do with him?
What should I do?
What should I say to you?
What should I say, lady?
What should I say?
What should I do? In this wild world?
What should I think about it?
What should I say that the shrieking is so loud abroad?
What should I do for fellows crawling between earth and heaven?
What should that mean?
What should the war do with these jigging fools?
What should this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What sights, my lord?
What simple thief brags about his own achievement?
What soldiers, patch?
What soldiers, whey-face?
What is the speech, my good lord?
What is she about?
What time did I have with Edward?
What time did we have except Clarence?
What sum does he owe the Jew?
What do you say about robbing?
What good year is it, my lord?
What then?
What then?
What are these things?
What do you think of the Scottish lord, his neighbor?
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
What do you think about it?
What do you think about it?
What do you think of Stanley?
What do you think, will our friends prove to be true?
What do you think?
What do you think of his opinion?
What you see when you wake up, do it for your true love.
What you want to do is to get your hand.
You would highly believe that you would play well, but you would not play falsely, and yet you would not win.
What if he loves your Hermia?
What if I am not as blessed as you, so blessed, so fortunate, but I am miserable to love unloved?
What if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink make you angry?
What advice can you tell me about my lord?
What to him from England?
The last thing that touches us will be done.
What trade, you scolded?
What traitor hears me and does not say “Amen?” England has long been mad and scarred.
What Tranio did, I told him to do that.
What treasure, uncle?
What tributaries are he going to Rome to make his chariot wheels captive?
What trumpet is that?
What is that trumpet?
What two crowns should they be?
What unaccustomed reason did she get here?
What villain touched his body, who stabbed him, and not for justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains have done this?
What is this warlike noise?
What was that conspiring that pale Cassius was doing?
What was the man you followed with your sword?
What was he sad or merry?
What did you tell me today, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signor Benedick?
What was the obstacle that broke this off?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise?
What was your cause?
What was your dream, my lord?
What kind of attention do you have to be careful about your eyes and night?
We will do what we want, and we will do what we want.
What were his marks?
What should I say?
What were these?
What value would you have if the King of Naples heard you?
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare to Hermia’s spherical eyne?
What will happen from this?
What will happen tonight if you escape the king?
What do you think I will do?
What will this do?
What do you want to do with it, that you have been so diligent to have me snatch it?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
What do you want to give me for the same handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What will you do for her?
What will you do?
What will you tell her, Nurse?
What with a torch!
What woman, then?
What woman’s man is?
What is this wood in the woods?
What is going on here, Charmian?
What would my lord do, but he may not have, where Olivia might seem to be a good friend?
What would I do, my lord?
What would I do, my lord?
What would my powerful master do?
What would she have had?
What do you want?
What do you want to say to me now, if I were your very, very Rosalind?
What do you want with her, sir?
What do you want with me, my honest neighbor?
What do you want, Desdemona?
What do you want?
What do you want, old man?
What do you want with me?
What do you want now?
What are you going to do with us?
What would you write about me if you were to praise me?
What do you want, fellow?
What do you want?
What wound did you heal only by degrees?
What years, I am sure.
What you have charged me with, that I have done.
I will consider what you have said, what you have to say, and find a time to meet and answer such high questions.
What you have said may be so perchanceous.
You know what you know, you know.
I will stay here to see what you want in your cave.
I am trying to figure out what you want me to do.
What is a feast, a feast?
What is a prisoner?
What, all my pretty chickens and their dams were swooping at one time?
What, all of you are asleep so soon?
What is an advocate for an imposter?
What about my old Venetian friend Salerio?
What do you stake down?
Are you and Pistol friends yet?
What, are the brothers separated?
Are there masks?
Are they children?
What, are we scolding the kings if we deserve it?
Are you yet?
Are you busy?
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Are you crazy about why you do so?
Are you crazy?
Are you crazy?
What is it?
What are you afraid of?
What, are you ashamed of me?
What, are you coming?
What are you drawn to from these heartless men?
What, are you hurt?
What, are you awake?
What, keep her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, slander, unmitigated rancor?
What, Brutus?
What is Curio?
What, dead, my dove?
What, did Caesar swoon?
What did he do to me?
Did they ever whisper?
What are you making us?
What, do you scorn me for my gentle advice, and soothe the devil I warn you from?
What should we do, and talk about peace?
What would I do for a counter?
What, snoring with false fire?
What, from myself?
What, girl? Even though we do something to mingle with our younger brown counterparts, we are a brain that nourishes our nerves and can
What are you going to do?
What, Grumio?
What, have his daughters brought him to this pass? Can you save nothing?
Has this thing appeared again tonight?
Have you eaten at home?
Have you forgotten me?
Have you lost your wits?
Have you written that letter to my sister?
Hey, Brabantio!
Oh, what!
Oh, what!
What, you?
What is household stuff?
What, I say?
I will be jovial.
What, my lord?
What is the storm, the night?
What, in my sight?
What is in our house?
What, in the middle of the street?
Is Antonio here?
Is Brutus sick, and will he steal out of his wholesome bed, to dare the vile nightfall and tempt the rheumy
Is he angry?
What is he dead?
What is he dead?
Is my beaver easier than it was?
What, is the fellow mad?
Is the jay more precious than the lark because his feathers are beautiful?
What, is the man a savage?
Is there such a place?
Is that true?
What, jealous Oberon?
What, keep a week away?
What, lamb?
What, Lucius?
What a night!
The courage is still in place.
There are ways to recover the general.
What, man?
What have you read?
What should I do at Salisbury?
What, mistress?
What should I do with five and twenty, Regan?
What must I do to hold a candle to my shames?
What should our mouths be cold?
What, my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my good lord?
What, my gracious lord?
What, my lord?
What, my lord?
What, my worshipful old master?
What, no more ceremony?
What, no more?
What is a whore?
What is not a word?
What is not a word?
What, not one hit?
What do you want to pray?
Nurse, I say what!
What, Octavia?
What is it about death that rids our dogs of a longing?
Pindarus!
What, please, man!
What is the married woman you want to go to?
What should I be notified hours like if I did not know what to take and what to leave?
What will I find you here?
What should I do?
Should I stab him as he sleeps?
What if one of us struck the foremost man in this world only for supporting robbers, now we will be tempted to bribe our fingers with mighty bribes
What, should we speak about this speech as an excuse?
What should we do?
What, sigh for the toothache?
What, sir, are you still sleeping?
What is so brief?
What, still in tears, still showering?
What is the necklace?
What, do you think we are Turks or infidels?
What do you mean by an officer?
What, are you talking drowsy?
What, you?
What, to kiss in private?
What, to perverseness?
What, up and down, carved like an apple tart?
Was I married to her in my dream?
We have many good days to see!
What, were you snarling all before I arrived, ready to catch each other by the throat and turn all your hatred on me?
What, what, good cheer!
What?
What, will my daughter be a good musician?
What will my mother do?
What, will you have them weep our horses' blood?
What will you do to me?
What, will you suffer me?
What, will you walk with me around the town and then go to my inn and dine with me?
What, will you go to my face, being forbidden?
Do you want to hear some music, my sweet love?
Do you want to wash him out of his grave with tears?
What, with Lysander?
What, with my tongue in your tail?
What, with the case of eyes?
What is it with worms and flies?
What is worse and worse?
What would you make me mad?
What, would you have a serpent sting you twice?
What, would you have me go and beg for food, or do you want to force a thiev on the common road?
You look very happy.
What do you mean by my face?
What?
What?
What?
What is a drunken man like, fool?
What is Antony?
What has been done is done.
What else do you have to say?
Who is going out of the door now?
Who is talking for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
Who was born from a woman?
Who wants that?
What is he?
What is he?
What is her name?
What is this?
What is his fault?
What is his offense?
What is she?
What is that good for?
What is that to you?
What is that, please?
What is that, my lord?
What is that?
What is that?
What is the name of the boy?
What is the disease he is talking about?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter that you are reliant on your reputation and spend your rich opinion on the name of a night-brawler?
What is the matter with you now?
What is the matter, dear?
What is the matter, lieutenant?
What is the matter, do you think?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news with you?
What is the news?
What is the noise?
What is the wager?
What is this for?
What is this to my Lysander?
What is this?
What is this?
What is your name?
What is your passion?
What is your pleasure?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is to say?
What will you do to your grace?
What is your pleasure?
What is your highness's pleasure?
What is your name, friend?
What is your name?
What do you want, sir?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
Thank you, for your good advice.
What is going on from me is a soldier’s kiss.
When the god sleeps, he will rob his bottle.
When it was a little bit of a prating thing, there is a nobleman in town, one Paris, who would fain lay knife
When a wise man gives you better advice, give me my advice again.
When everything is done, you will only look on a stool.
When and where and how we met, we wooed and made exchange of vows, I will tell you as soon as we pass.
When are you married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets seen.
When you are not at your house to find out, the Senate has sent about three different guests to search you.
When Biondello comes, he is waiting on you, but I will charm him first to keep his tongue.
When Caesar lived, he would not have moved me like that.
When Caesar says “do this,” it is performed.
When did you get this?
When is that another?
When could they say that he talked about Rome, that his long walks included only one man?
When devils will put on the blackest sins, they will suggest at first with heavenly shows like I do.
When did I see you put down so badly?
When did she send you?
When did you sleep when such a deed was done?
When one or two men are in their hands and they are unwashed, it is a foul thing.
When did I hurt you?
When he came back to himself, he said, if he had done or said anything wrong, he wanted their worships to think it was his
When he is best, he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast.
When he is gone, I would like to speak with you.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak to him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When holy and devout religious men are at their beads, it is much easier to draw them from there.
When I am alone, then I am Tranio, but in all other places, your master Lucentio.
When I am known as a good man, you will not grieve letting me know this.
When I came back, because this was brief, I found them close together at blow and thrust, even as they were when you sat down.
When I come where he calls, he is gone.
When I want their permission to pity him, they took my own house, charged me with pain because they did not want to speak of him,
When I freed you, don’t you want to do this when I badgered you?
When I name him, let it be your job to praise him more than any man deserves.
When I have plucked your rose, I cannot give it a vital growth back.
When I know the gentleman, I will tell him what you are saying.
When I like your favor, God defend the lute should be the case.
When I presented Ceres, I thought I would tell you about it, but I feared I would be tempted to anger you.
When I said that, I was ill-tempered.
When I think, I have to speak.
When I told you that my state was nothing, I would have told you that I was worse than nothing.
When I was with him, I heard him swear to Tubal and Chus, his countrymen that Antonio would rather have his flesh than twenty
When I wore it at your daughter’s wedding?
When it came to pass, Titania woke up and sat straight away in love with an ass.
When is the royal day?
When it comes to you, turn your dissatisfaction into a way, because our faults can never be as equal as your love can be.
When it comes to the fool or the coward.
When it is lighted, call me here.
When it is paid according to the tenor.
When it is paid, bring your true friend along.
Jacob grazed his uncle Laban’s sheep when Jacob grazed. Jacob from our holy Abram was, as his wise mother wrought,
When I was last at Exeter, the mayor showed me the castle and called it Rougemont, which I started to name, because a
When my tongue blabs, then let my eyes not see.
When Nature has made a fair creature, can’t she fall into the fire by Fortune?
When we are not doing anything, our fears make us traitors.
When Prospero is destroyed.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome, the actors are coming here, my lord.
When did you see my father last?
When will he come?
When should we come to the top of that hill?
When will we meet again?
When did I say such a word?
When the poor have cried, Caesar has wept.
When that is gone, he will drink naughty brine, because I will not show him where the quick freshness is.
When the butt is out, we will drink water.
When the mind is free, the body is delicate.
When the moon shone, we did not see the candle.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
When these prodigies meet together, do not say, "These are their reasons."
When they are gone, I have to count my gains.
When they are in danger, I will recover them.
When they choose, they have the wisdom to lose.
When they see Caesar’s face, they are gone.
When they do not give a must to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian.
When do you think the sword is going up again?
When I give this advice and give it to you, will you think about the way to win the Moor again?
When this burns, weep for having worn you.
When you ask me to give you blessing, I will kneel down and ask you forgiveness.
When you were once beaten from Modena, where you slew Hirtius and Pansa, consuls, followed by famine at your heel
When you wake up, if she is coming, ask for help.
When the time comes, let the herald cry, and I will appear again.
When a man is a good man, he eats the sword it fights with.
When was she last walking?
When we are born, we cry that we are coming to this great stage of fools.
When we have matched our rackets to these balls, we will play a set in France, by God's grace, that will strike his father
When we see our betters bear our sorrows, we do not think our misfortunes are our foes.
When we meet at compt, this look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven and fiends will snatch it.
When did it go there by an age, since the great flood, but it was famous with more than one man?
When were you going to be so full of songs, sir?
When were you going to use my sister like that?
When will he be here?
When you are gentle, you will have one too, and not until then.
When you have spoken, enter that brake. And so everyone will be able to obey his cue.
When you want to play the thieves for wives, I will watch as long as you want.
When you sued for staying, it was time for words.
When you take occasions to see leeks later, please mock them, that is all.
When, without a slur, but in a battle, was there ever so much and little loss on the one and the other?
When?
Where are you, sir?
When did you come, sir?
When are you coming?
When is that knocking?
Where am I?
Where are America, the Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the vile men who are starting this fight?
Where are these hearts?
Where are they?
Where are your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where are you, Death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, proud Demetrius?
Where are the sacred waterways you should fill with sorrowful water?
Where are these bloody thieves?
Where are these knaves?
Where are your brothers?
Where are your tenants and followers?
Where did I leave?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where did she die?
Where do I live?
Where do you live?
Where are you hiding your head?
Where are you, pretty young man?
Where is Cesario going?
Where did you look like a goose?
Where did he drink?
Where have you been, my heart?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have I been?
Where have you hid yourself?
Where are you?
Where he arrives, he is bringing all his hearts against us.
Where I have come, great clerks have said they would greet me with premeditated welcomes, where I saw them shiver and look pale,
I have learned to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your begests.
Where is Antony?
Where is Duncan Duncan’s body?
Where are gentle Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he going?
Where is he now?
Where is he now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where are Lysander and fair Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is my lady?
Where is Gloucester?
Where is my lord the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my lord?
Where is my love?
Where is my love?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page? Go, villain, get a surgeon.
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our usual manager of sex?
Where is she now?
Where is she?
Where is that damned villain Tranio, who faced and braved me in this matter?
Where is that viper?
Where is the majesty of Denmark?
Where is the evidence that accuses me?
Where is the man?
Where is the foolish knave I sent before?
Where is the gold I gave you?
Where is the horse who tries to scold him again with the unbated fire he pushed them first?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of English dead?
Where is the rascal cook?
Where are the thousand marks you had of me?
Where is the villain, Edmund?
Where is this rash and unfortunate man?
Where is this sight?
Where is your husband now?
Where is your instrument?
Where are your leather apron and your rule?
Where is your luster now?
Where is your master, Dromio?
Where is your power to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is your servant Caius?
Where are your sister and Hortensio’s wife?
Where it seems to you that you are the best royal.
Where did you learn this, Fool?
Where did we leave last?
Where is he?
Where is your text?
Where is he sleeping?
Where can we put our horses?
Where is he still?
Where are you running so fast?
Where should we eat?
Where should we go?
Where will we meet in the morning?
Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where should Othello go?
Where should she be?
Where should they be set and other things?
Where souls sleep on flowers, we will walk hand in hand. With our sprightly port, we will see the ghosts.
Where the devil should he learn our language?
Where should Romeo be?
Where is the place?
Where they feared the death, they have borne their life away, and where they would be safe, they perish.
The air is delicate, I have seen.
Where virtue is, these are more virtuous.
Where was she born?
Where we are, men’s smiles are filled with daggers.
Where we lay, our chimneys were blown down and, as they say, lamentings heard in the air, strange screams of death, and
Where will the old duke live?
Where will you lead me?
Where pine stands, I will find everything.
Where, my lord?
Where is Messala's body?
Where, where?
Where?
Where is Antonio?
Where is Antony?
Where is Dolabella, to second Proculeius?
Where is Monsieur Cobweb?
Where is Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where is my cousin Toby?
Where is my fool?
Where is my knave, my fool? Go and call my fool.
Where is my son Edmund?
Where is Peaseblossom?
Where is Potpan, that he does not help take away?
Where is Publius?
Where is Romeo?
Where is the satisfaction?
Where is Seleucus?
Where is that mongrel?
Where is the cook?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master?
Where is the Queen?
Where is your conscience now?
Where is your drum?
Where is your father?
While he is grieved, that his sickness, age, and impotence were falsely borne in hand, he is sending out arrests on Fort
Where is a story hanging, sir?
Why are these things hiding?
Why are you Romeo?
Why didn’t they destroy us at that hour?
Why did you do that?
Why are you coming?
Why are these gifts a curtain on them?
Why?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you so happy?
Why are you sinking down?
Why is he speaking about this to her he hates?
Why are you so angry?
Why are you looking so gloomy?
Why are you going here?
Why Dover?
Why Dover?
Why did that cry?
Why do you cry then?
Why are you crying?
Why, bold peasant, do you support a published traitor?
Why, sweetheart?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why are you making this noise?
Where has Caesar deserved your love?
The toged consuls can propose as masterly as he is.
Where we saw you quietly interred, he used his ponderous and marble jaws to cast you up again.
Where did he go?
Where did I offend you, my friends?
Wherever I beg you, grant me this, to leave me to myself only a little.
In Norway, overcome with joy.
I do not know whether he was king of Norway or a rebel of Norway, or that he fought both sides in the wrack of his country
I will not swear if this is true or not.
Which are the malefactors?
If you are not sure what you are saying, you will be able to weigh what you are worth embracing.
Which dreams are indeed ambition? Because the essence of the ambitious is just the shadow of a dream.
Which else would be shame? That would be a sex act.
He will put on us as pigeons feed their young.
I think it is a fool or a cipher.
Which in his most precious need will fly from him.
Which one of you killed the deer?
Which one?
Which one is Sebastian?
Which one of you is that adversary?
Which is the woman I must marry?
Which one of you is the villain?
Which of them will I take?
Which one of these is he?
Which of these sorrows is he suffering?
Which of you does not tremble with me?
Which of you two had dinner with me today?
Which of you—if you were a prince’s son, you were freed from liberty, as I am now?
That she will buy with a long-lasting war.
He gave it soon, because he was obstructing his lust and his lust.
They will make you obedient father.
Which way did you go?
Which way did he kill Mercutio?
When I saw the rehearse, I must confess, I made my eyes water, but more merry tears never shed the passion of loud laughter.
While I am saying grace, I will hood my eyes with my hat and sigh and say “Amen.”
While he was still in Rome, his power was out of control, as if he had snorted all spies.
One who is hurrying might tell a hundred.
While the armowed hand fights abroad, the advised head defends itself at home.
Until then, God be with you.
While we are here, a royal battle might be won and lost.
While we were fighting, we fought on both sides, until the Prince came, who parted either of them.
I am afraid he is alive.
While we stood here to secure your repose, even now we heard a hollow burst of bellowing like bulls, or rather lions.
While he stood up and spoke, he was my master and I wore my life to spend on his haters.
While you were here, you were overwhelmed with your grief, a passion that led to such a man being a great man.
Whip him up, fellows, until you see him cringe his face and whine for mercy.
Whip him.
Whip me with honest knaves.
Whip me, your devils, from the possession of this heavenly sight.
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula walk in the orchard, and our entire discourse is about her.
What is he doing there?
Where am I going?
Where are they going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Then, before you arrived here, Old Siward, with ten thousand war-like men, was already at a point.
Where is he going?
Where should I go?
Where should they come?
Where are you going?
Where will you go to answer this question?
Where are you, my lord?
Where?
Who suffers alone, suffers most, leaving free things behind and happy shows behind.
Who am I, sir?
Who ambles time with him?
Who are the late commissioners?
Who are they?
Who are you?
Who bared my letter to Romeo?
Who asked you to call me?
Who brought it?
Who brought it?
Who is chasing his hopes of good looks lives like a drunken sailor on a mast, ready with every nod to tumble down into the deep.
Who is calling so loud?
Who is calling me?
Who is calling me?
Who is calling me?
Who can arraign me for it?
Who can be wise, amazed, temp'rate, furious, loyal and neutral in a moment?
Who can blot that name with any just reproach?
Who can come in and say I mean her, when such a person is her neighbor?
Who can control his fate?
Who can impress the forest and ask the tree to remove his earthbound root?
Who can't imagine how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
Who chooses me must give and risk all he has.
Who chooses me must give and hazard all he has.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
I will assume I am deserted. Give me a key for this, and instantly unlock my fortunes here.
Who chooses me will have as much as he deserves.
Who is coming?
Who is coming?
Who is coming?
Who is coming?
Who is coming?
Who is coming so fast in the silence of the night?
Who is coming with her?
Who is coming with him?
Who could be out, being in front of his beloved mistress?
Who could refrain from a man who had a heart to love, and who could be a good man to make the love known?
Who is dead?
Who did strike the light?
Who is guiling you?
Who did you wrong?
Who is he accusing?
Who does more in war than his captain can become his captain’s captain?
Who does this mean?
Who is he scolding?
Who else should be?
Who ever knew the heavens were so dangerous?
Who is going there?
Who is going to govern here?
Who did this, Sir Andrew?
Who left behind him general?
Who has made this havoc with them?
Who measured the ground?
Who has relieved you?
Who sent you now?
Who heard me say I am wrong?
Who is stopping my expedition?
Who is calling me?
Who can tell me?
Who is crying?
Who is behind you?
Who are you talking about?
Who is the conductor of his people?
Who is here so far that he wants to be a bondman?
Who is here so rude that he does not want to be a Roman?
Who is here so vile that he will not love his country?
Who is calling on me in the press?
Who can tell me who I am?
Who complains to the king that I am stern and do not love them?
Who is it?
Who is most inward with the noble duke?
Who is next?
Who is so gross that he cannot see this palpable device?
Who is calling so coldly?
Who is keeping her company?
Who is knocking so hard?
Who knows he is?
Who knows if Donalbain is with his brother?
Who does not know he is dead?
Who does not know that the gentle duke is dead?
Who does not know that?
Who doesn't know where a wasp is wearing his sting?
Who knows the Lord Protector’s mind?
Who is in the second chamber?
Who is holding them?
Who is this?
Who must hang them?
Who owes the price of his dear blood?
Who of my people are waiting for him?
Who offered him the crown?
Who is coming from a feast with the appetite he is sitting down?
Who saw Cesario?
Who sent you here?
Who are you?
Who will stop me from them?
Who should start?
Who will stay with you?
Who is still waiting for it?
Who steals my purse steals trash.
Who stocked my servant?
Who sued me for him?
Who is talking about my nation?
Who is there talking?
Who will blame him for recoiling and starting, when all that is inside him condemns himself for being there?
Who came here?
Who was it?
Who was last with them?
Who will accompany me?
Who would be jealous of such a man?
Who would be able to bear the burden of a weary life, to grunt and sweat?
Who wouldn’t have his wife like that?
Who do you want?
Who is wrong with him?
I might say “element,” but the word is overworn.
Who is he?
Who is the Hero?
Who, my lord?
Who, I?
Who, who is already angry with his insolence, will give good thoughts to him.
Who is Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Who?
Who?
Who is born that day when I forget to send Antony will die a beggar.
Who is gone this morning?
Who is this?
Who is his lieutenant? Can you hear him?
Who is the one who rings the bell?
Who is that?
Who is there, out of the rain?
Who is there, in the other devil’s name?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is inside?
If he is the one who has slain your daughter and robbed you of her, you will read the bloody law book in the bitter letter, after
If you are the man who had a wife called Emilia once, who bore you two fair sons.
Who should I knock on?
Whom you swore to cherish and defend.
Whoever opened their tender hearts so quickly, your head gave direction.
Whose house is it?
What noise is this that is causing murder?
Whose tongue?
Why “with some little train,” my Lord of Buckingham?
Why are you appearing with this ridiculous boldness before my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, unsuited to toil and trouble in the world?
Why are you getting drawn?
Why are you getting so rude?
Why are you still with me?
Why are you virtuous?
Why are you angry?
Why are you here, come from the farthest step of India?
Why do you ask this?
Why are you asking?
Why are you calling me "love"?
Why did I come here to do that?
Why did not the slave come back to me when I called him?
Why are you coming?
Why did he do that?
Why did you bring these daggers out of the place?
Why did you laugh when I said “man does not delight me”?
Why did you cry out in your sleep?
Why did you do that?
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why are they running away?
Why do we wrap the gentleman in our rawer breath?
Why are you crossing me in this situation?
Why do you dress me in borrowed robes?
Why are you infecting yourself with them?
Why do you make such faces?
Why are you sending so much?
Why are you talking so faintly?
Why are you talking so rashly and a bit scolding?
Why are you talking to me?
Why do you say, too, “Why do you blame me for love you?”
Why are you staying so long, my lords of France?
Why is the world reporting that Kate is limping?
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling him "knave"?
Why are you lashing that whore?
Why are you leading these men around the streets?
Why don’t you go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto?
Why are you spiting at me?
Why are you waiting?
Why are you using me like that?
Why are you wringing your hands?
Why aren’t our eyes sink?
Why is the Jew paused?
Why were you always lovely in my eyes?
Why are the branches growing when the root is gone?
Why wouldn’t I have smirked at a beggar’s issue at my gates, who, smirchended so,
Why did I have one?
Why have you sung me to this green green?
Why have you left the room?
Why have you stolen on us like this?
Why is he more than another?
Why I shouldn’t fear myself, since I do not know what guilt I am doing.
Why did you leave your wife and child, those precious motives, those strong knots of love, without leaving?
Why is my lord angry about his love?
Why is this “impawned”?
Why are you saying that?
Why is it such a naughty nut of hair, as plentiful as it is?
Why is your cheek so pale?
Why should it strike?
Why are you looking pale?
Why are you looking strange on me?
Why are you so sane today?
Why can’t imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander until he finds it stopping a bunghole?
Why wouldn’t you be able to attend from those who she calls servants, or from mine?
No, boy.
No, no more than reason.
Why not, my lord?
Why did you think about it, Iago?
Why are you going to self-assess and not answer me?
Why are you scolding your birth, the heavens, and the earth?
Why Romeo, are you crazy?
Why are you looking for me?
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should he call her a whore?
Why should he follow him?
Why should he?
Why should he stay, whom love wants to go to?
Why should I?
Why should we not be there in person?
Why should she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be sounded more than yours?
Why should the poor be flattered?
Why should their freedom be more than ours?
Why should Titania cross her Oberon?
Why should you fall into such a deep hole?
Why do you think I should be wooing in a bad way?
Why is that cauldron sinking?
Why are you asking so seriously to write that letter?
Why so, being gone, why so, being gone, I am a man again.
Why? Yes, that is the way it is going.
Why are they sweating under the burdens?
That is because you are watching, and it will go away again.
Why did the devil come between us?
Why is the King of France suddenly gone back to know you are wrong?
Why the wrong is only a wrong in the world, and having the world for your work is a wrong in your own world.
I think Cassio is an honest man.
Well, it is good to be a post.
Why do I put up that womanly defense to say I have done nothing wrong?
Well, can one want too much of a good thing?
God forgive me.
God’s soldier will be him.
Well then, good night.
Well, then, he is alive.
So lead on.
Let’s fall in your horrible pleasure.
Well, my cousin Margaret, and Ursula are very wrong, because they swear you did.
So, tell me whether you want to or not.
Then let the beef rest and let the mustard rest.
Then the devil will give him good advice.
Well then, the mustard without the beef.
Well then, you have it.
Well then, it is the same: you have to prepare your sleeve for his knife.
Well then, you silver treasure house.
Well then, we are awake.
Well then, you are in love.
Well, your ambition makes it one of them.
Well, your other senses are getting irritated by your eyes.
Well, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
Why, loss upon loss.
Why will my lord do that?
Why will you bring her up, Signior Baptista, for this sin of hell and make her bear the penance of her tongue?
Why don’t you get the leaves that want their sap?
Why would you be so fond of beating the bonny prizer of the humorous duke?
After I cut the egg in the middle and eat it up, the two crowns of the egg are ruined.
Why?
Why am I not right?
It is a cockle or a walnut shell, a knack, a toy, a trick, a baby’s cap.
Why, it is good to be sad and say nothing.
It is not possible.
Why, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrown upon them.
What a horse!
Why, all our ranks are broken.
All these are in the moon.
Why, and I hope I can go too, can't I?
Antony.
No, anything.
Why are you crazy, old fellow?
I am a woodcock to my own spring.
I told you that it is a custom to sleep in the afternoon.
She is at her father’s.
Yes.
Why, because he was insane.
Why, Belman is as good as he is.
Hey, bride!
Many men have more hair than wit.
You are well enough now.
Why, by making him uncapable of Othello’s place, knocking out his brains.
Why do your courtier’s hands sweat?
Why doesn’t every thing on earth cry shame on her?
Why, Dromio?
Every day, tomorrow.
Goodbye, King.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Portia.
Why, Fool?
Well, for that too.
Well, for that too.
Friends, you are going to do something you do not know what.
You will not see anything like that, sweetheart.
Go away!
Give it to my wife and get your money.
I would like to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Go to bed and sleep.
Well, then.
God will send more people if he is thankful.
Why, good sir?
He drinks you with a drink of a sour drink, your Dane is dead drunk, and he does not sweat to overthrow your Almain.
He did not have any.
Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.
He is the Prince’s fool, a very dull fool, and his gift is to create impossible problems.
Why, he will never wake up until the great Judgment Day.
Why, the man who cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death.
He was greeted as mad as the sea, singing loudly, crowned with weeds and fumiters, with burdocks, hemlocks,
Why, he is a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Why, the king’s freedom is slashed with sorrow.
Here begins his morning story.
Here he comes, swelling like a turkey-cock.
Here is the note of the fashion to testify.
Why, here is no crab, and therefore do not look sour.
Why, horns, which you are faking to behold to your wives.
What is going on, Adam?
What is going on, Charmian?
Why are you sad now?
What is going on, cousin?
What is going on, daughter Katherine?
What is going on, Dromio?
Hecate!
What is going on, Juliet?
What is going on, Kate?
What is going on, Monsieur?
How are you, Stephano?
What is going on?
Why should she be murdered?
Well, I am glad about it.
I am sorry for you, gentle Silvius.
I am sure if he loses his flesh, you will not take it.
Why, I can buy twenty at any market.
I have not eaten anything yet.
Why, please, isn’t “pig” great?
Why, please?
I did not say anything.
I think so.
Well, then, I will see you at Philippi.
I think she is too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise.
If you never was at court, you never saw good manners.
If two gods could play some heavenly match and put on the wager two earthly women, Portia and Portia, there must be something else
Well, right away.
Why is it news to hear about Petruchio’s coming?
Why isn’t this better now than groaning for love?
It is as transparent as barricadoes, and the clerestories toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony.
It stood by her.
Why do you know any harm is intended for him?
Why, lady?
Let her go before she is gone.
Look, how you storm!
Love, I say.
Why have I offered love for this, to be so slanderous in this royal presence?
If I were your father’s dog, you would not use me like that.
He is a man who is a bit like a Colossus, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep around to find our un
He is a very devil.
Well, man, I saw Bassanio under sail.
They did make love for this job, man.
What is the matter, man?
Why, man?
Why, man?
Why, can I ask?
My master, my lord, I am sure he is insane.
Why, my boy?
Why, my young cousin?
No, sir.
No.
Now I see you are getting a better opinion than ever before.
Now, she can marry us as fast as she can.
Now, blow wind, swell billow, and swim bark.
Why, one who lies and lies.
Why or what the nobles were committed is not my fault, my gracious lord.
Why, our battalia trebles that.
You are right, you are right.
Rosalind!
Why don’t you see me?
Why should we turn to men?
Why, she is not borrowing anything from them.
Why, she defies me like a Turk to a Christian.
She has a face like her own.
She is inside.
Why, she was dead when you were born.
She would hang on him like if it had grown by what it fed on.
You are a carpenter, sir.
Why, sir, cobble you.
Why, sir, give the gods a thankful sacrifice.
Why, sir, he does not come.
Why, sir, her name is a word, and to dally that word might make my sister want to be a bit more sane.
I have brought you a word an hour ago that the bark of the fellow is distracting, and so am I, and here we are.
Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.
I hope I have the right to speak.
Why, sir, what is your opinion about that?
You do not know any house, no maid, no such men as you have guessed.
You know that this is your wedding day.
Why did you do that?
He will do that when he delivers you from this earth's throne to the joys of heaven.
I did, but I did not look for a reply.
Well, I did.
I do.
Well, that is true.
Well, that is true.
Why, stay and hear me speak.
Love is transgressing.
Oh, Othello, I have not deserved this.
Why, tell me, isn’t this my Cambio?
That is what he did. I do not know what he did.
That is nothing.
That pale, hard-hearted woman, Rosaline, Torture him so much that he will run insane.
Why, that the Moor gave to Desdemona, something you asked me to steal so often.
That was him.
That is a slander.
That is all one thing.
That is my dainty Ariel.
That is what has spoken like an honest drover.
That is the way to fool their preparations and conquer their absurd intentions.
The end is he has lost a ship.
The enemy is loud.
The honest men.
Why, the hot-blooded France who took our youngest born without a doubt. I could as well be brought to kneel on his throne and
The night has passed.
Well, then it is time to arm and give direction.
Well, then, All Souls' Day is my body’s doomsday.
Well, then he will say we stabbed him asleep.
Well, then let’s go home again.
Well, then Othello and Desdemona return to Venice.
Why can't you break her to the lute?
Well, then you have to.
Well, then, it is no good to you because there is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
So, build me your fortunes on the basis of my valor.
I do not care about you.
Let them go alone until they are sober.
Well, some people are laughing, as he is.
Do not take note of him, but let him go and call the rest of the watch together and thank God you’ve been rid of
Why, then, do I not serve you as Rosalind?
Well then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
So we kill all our women.
Well, then!
There was a crown offered to him, and when he offered it to him, he put it by the back of his hand, so the people
Oh, there, there, there, there!
There is more gold.
There is no remedy.
So fire, because I have caught extreme cold.
Why, this man has banished two of his daughters and gave the third a blessing against his will.
This is a more exquisite song than the other one.
Why, this is an arrant fake rascal.
Well, this is evident to any formal capacity.
That is excellent.
This is not a good idea, it is as if I would wear your gloves, or feed on nourishing dishes, or keep you warm,
This is not Lear.
Why, this is when men are ruled by women.
Why, I am talking about this.
Well, this was molded on a pornogger.
That would make a man a man of salt, to use his eyes to make garden waterpots, and to lay autumn’s dust.
It is a big chance for him and you, your noble, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.
Why, you sat down with hairy men who were a fool.
Why, you have put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him, he will run crazy.
Why, you peeveish sheep, what ship of Epidamnum is waiting for me?
Why, you say that is true.
Well, you are right.
Why, you silly gentleman!
Why is your godhead laid apart, are you a woman?
You are a foot, and I am so long.
Why, to keep one’s eyes on either side of the nose so that he cannot smell anything, he can spy on.
Put your head in, not give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case.
Yes, he is going to make you a puppet.
Oh, uncle, it is a shame.
Well, very well.
We are still sane about our ewes, and their fells are greasy.
We have galls, and even though we have some grace, we have some revenge.
Well, we will make him crazy.
Well, well.
What a king this is!
What a monstrous fellow you are, to be a man who does not know you or knows you.
What an ass I am!
What an intricate impeach this is!
What are you doing?
What can you tell me, my boy?
What did I do?
What effects of passion are she showing?
What else?
What do you call this devil?
What is that to you?
Why, what is Tybalt?
What are you doing here?
Why, what is the fear?
What do you want to fear?
What do you want?
What are you going to do before I go?
What do you want?
What is a moveable thing?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
Why do you ask this?
Where will we go?
Why, why, Adam, would you want me to go?
Why, who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch?
Why, who is it?
Why is this?
Why wouldn’t you?
Why would that have ruined my hair?
You did not give me any gold.
You have not heard that yet.
You are speaking like a quiet, ancient watchman, because I cannot see how sleeping should offend me.
You are telling the truth.
You were with him, didn’t you?
Why, your lieutenant, Cassio?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Widow Dido” said you?
Wife, children, servants, all that could be found.
Wife!
Will you like what is here?
Will your highness walk?
Will your Honor enjoy these conserved goods?
Will you be a good man to wash your hands?
Will Caesar speak?
Will either of you challenge him?
Will he bring his power?
Will he tell us what this show meant?
Will it ever be like that?
Will it eat me?
Will it give place to bending and bending?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Willn’t we see that when we have marked with blood those two sleepy men in his own chamber?
Will it be?
Will money buy them?
Will he?
Willn’t King Richard let me speak with him?
Willn’t the ladies be afealed by the lion?
Willn’t the mayor and his brethren come then?
Will she go to bed now?
Willn’t they say that if they grow up to a common audience (as it is most like if their means are not better),
Will they not sing the same thing as you can?
Will you be married, scold?
Will you be patient?
Will you come here?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Will you deny me now?
Will you be dining with me tomorrow?
Will you send us here under this tree, or will we go with you to your chapel?
Will you force me to a world of cares?
Will you give her a new one?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or will I?
Will you go hear this news, Signior?
Will you go hunt, my lord?
Will you go see the course?
Will you go to them?
Will you go with me?
Will you go, coz?
Will you go, sister?
Will you go?
Will you go?
Will you grant me that Ferdinand was drowned?
Will you have her?
Will you have me, lady?
Will you have some more sauce to eat?
Will you hear it again?
Will you hear me, Roderigo?
Will you hear the letter?
Will you help me? An ass-head, a coxcomb, and a knave, a thin-faced knave, a gull
Will you hoist sail, sir?
Will you know them then?
Will you lead, lords?
Will you let it fall?
Do you want to mock an ancient tradition that began with honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of valor?
Don’t you tell me who told you that?
Will you play this pipe?
Will you please me?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears?
Will you shog off?
Will you speak well about the man who killed your cousin?
Will you stay for a while?
Will you go there?
Will you sup with me tonight, Casca?
Will you tell me that?
Will you think so?
Will you go to Scone?
Will you help them get ready?
Will you walk in to see their gossiping?
Will you walk towards him?
Will you walk, sir?
Will you come back?
Will you surrender and avoid this, or be destroyed in defense?
Will you ask the demi-devil why he has ensnared my soul and body?
Will you command me any service to the end of the world?
William, sir.
Will I break my heart?
Will I come?
Do you want to meet me at Ninny’s tomb straight away?
Are you going?
Will you be the king of the whole world?
Would you be pleased to hear again the suit I made to you?
Do you want to change fathers?
Will you destroy him?
Will you go to bed, Malvolio?
Do you want to have me?
Do you want to have music?
Do you know what I wrote?
Will you give me the hand, villain?
Will you lift Olympus up?
Do you believe trust is a fraud?
Don’t you answer me, man?
I am praying for you, Nurse, say I.
Do you want to provoke me?
Are you going to rest and be damned?
Do you want to put your foot on my neck?
Do you want to show your wits in a moment?
Do you want them to help you?
Do you want to fly from such gentle lambs and throw them in the wolf’s entrails?
Do you want to, Silvius?
Do you want to, Strato?
Win me and wear me!
I loved wine and I diced dearly, and a woman outprettyly spoiled the Turk.
Winter clothes must be lined, and slender Rosalind must be lined.
Wipe your eyes.
Wisdom and goodness seem to be vile.
Wisdom!
Be wise and slow.
I will not betray you while I am king of this country.
I will gossip at this feast with all my heart.
I am very happy to hear him so much.
I love you with all my heart, and it is great to see you are so penitent.
With all my heart, good young man.
With all my heart, you can get a wife.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart, I will give him courteous conduct. In the meantime, the court will hear Bellario’s letter.
A green eye in it.
It is not with anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, not with love.
With another, for tying his new shoes with old ribbon.
With any strong or vehement importunity.
The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler, which Charles threw him in a moment and broke three ribs
With Cassio, my mistress.
I beg her to marry Demetrius.
With Demetrius.
I am drinking healthily to my niece.
We follow you with our duty and desire.
With good acceptance of his Majesty, I did not have time to hear the passages of his true titles to some certain dukedoms, and generally
With her, on her, what you want.
I sent the queen with him, my reason for that, and they are ready tomorrow or at the next stage where you will be sitting.
Gratiano has gone with him.
With him?
He has been scolded.
With his mouth full of news.
I have shaken the sand and spucked the pine and cedar by the spurs, and I have spucked up the graves at my command
They are sleeping in the vacation because they are both asleep and not aware of how time moves.
I am ready to endure it now.
I am more upset about the fight than you are.
With no truth.
The time is spent with the news, and it is a long time to get some news.
With no less religion than if you were my Rosalind.
With no sauce to it.
I came with one fool's head to woo, but I will go away with two.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
With robbers' hands, you shouldn't ruffle like this.
With Rosaline, my ghostly Father?
The sweetest touches are piercing your mistress’s ear and bringing her home with music.
With the earl, sir.
With the help of a surgeon, he could recover and prove an ass.
I am a master, and you are a master.
With this strange virtue, he has a heavenly gift of prophecy, and sundry blessings hang around his throne which speak to him full of grace.
I have a lot to do with this, my lord.
What is the difference?
I mean, with what I get, and so do they.
What do you think he is doing to tempt your love?
What is God’s name?
With who?
With whom?
Withdraw your sword, dear Margaret.
Withdraw, my lord.
Within a month, she had left the tears in her eyes, and she married.
Set him in my sword, and if he escapes, Heaven forgive him.
I will lay his bones in my tent, like a soldier, or ordered honorably.
We have a lot of people in our archives who served Mark Antony but were late, and enough to get him in.
The small flower is ripe and has medicinal power.
Within ten days, if you are found near our court as twenty miles away as twenty miles, you die for it.
Within three days, let me hear you say Cassio is not alive.
Within two months, that is a month before this bond expires, I expect three times the value of this bond.
Within a half hour he will be asleep.
Within an hour I was his servant, sir, but he, thank him, gnawed in two of my cords.
Within an hour it will be dinnertime.
In this roof, the enemy of all your graces lives.
Within three hours Juliet will wake up.
Within a mile you can see it coming, I say, a moving grove.
I have heard that without contradiction.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Without you, my lord, it is impossible to know what you are doing.
She is a witty son.
You can see that he is invisible.
Witness, you ever burning lights above, you elements that clip us roundabout.
Oh, ha, ha!
Is it your will?
I am sorry to the hand that shed this costly blood.
Go to the land that is governed by a child.
Oh, sorry!
We are sorry, sir, you cannot live to wear all your true followers out.
What a terrible thing for England!
Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Women’s gentle brain could not pull out such a sluggish word, such a sluggish word that is blacker in their effect than in their
Do not wonder or be grieved.
Do not wonder until you have a warrant.
It is a witty thing.
Wooray!
Why do you want to fight?
Do you want to tear yourself apart?
Do you want to fight well?
Do you want to cry?
She swore to steal the token, but she loves it so much because he conjured her to keep it forever.
Words before blows.
Words without thoughts never go to heaven.
Words, words, words.
Work, work your thoughts, and there you will see a siege.
Oh, oh, oh!
Worse and worse!
Worse and worse.
That is a good thing, Maecenas.
What a worthy gentleman!
Good Macbeth, we will stay at your leisure.
You were worthy of Montano, but you were not civil.
Oh, Othello, I am hurt to be in danger.
I know it, prince.
What are you doing, my lord?
I wish it had been done.
I wish it were done.
I wish the whole world had a chance to swear he had.
It would be good to all, but that will never happen.
Would he deny his letter, said he?
Would he have stolen from sleeping Hermia?
Wouldn’t he be a comfort to our travels?
I wish I could answer this comfort with the like.
I wish I had met my dearest enemy in heaven or ever seen him.
I wish I had two coxcombs and two daughters.
I wish I could see that man.
I wish I could never have achieved success, but I feel a grief that smuggles my heart.
I wish I could load him with his desert.
I wish I were assured of my condition.
I wish I were in a pub in London.
I wish I were satisfied.
I wish I were sleep and quiet, so I could rest.
I wish I were so.
Would it be better, madam, than I am?
Wouldn’t it be a sad thing for a woman to be overpowered with a piece of valiant dust?
Wouldn’t it make one cry?
I wish it were a day.
It would be a mortal poison for your sake.
I wish Katherine had never seen him.
I wish I could venge my cousin’s death.
They would not say anything?
She never gave you permission to come.
She would be heard at my foot and the ducats in her coffin.
He would keep his bed in a fair amount of his love.
I wish I could do that.
I wish he were gone.
I wish the night were here.
They wish they had stayed.
They would be basilisks to strike you dead.
You and those who have fought once would have made me fight on land.
I wish you were ruled by me.
Would you buy her so you can ask for her?
Would you like to create me new?
Would you like to see more of lime and hair?
You wish you had never seen him.
Don’t you want me to be honest?
You would not swear to all those who see her, that she was a maid by these exterior shows?
You would praise Caesar, say “Caesar.” Do not go any further.
You wish you were not sick.
You would like to bear your fortune like a man.
You would, the supervisor, beg yourself to be a sluggish man, and see her topped.
Would you?
Are you going to be with me?
Are you going to be betrayed by me?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Do you want to give them all?
You would have the one that you admire the ornament of life, and you would live a coward in your own esteem.
Wouldn’t you be glad to see the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by some notable shame?
Would you withdraw it?
Wrench his sword from him.
Wrinkles forbid!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”
Write down Prince John as a villain.
Write to him.
Write loyal cantons of contemned love and sing them loud even in the dead of the night.
Write me a prologue, and let the prologue seem to say that we will not do harm with our swords, and that Pyramus
Write them together, yours is as fair as yours.
Write to him and send greetings.
Write to me very soon, and you will understand her thoughts.
It is wrong, but it is wrong.
Wrong, I am my enemies.
Do not mistake her birth.
You have sat in my bed, Brutus.
The Slys are no rogues.
Yare, lower, lower.
Yare, yare, good Iras, quick.
Yes, gods, it amazes me that a man with such a poor temper should start the majestic world and bear the palm alone.
You are right.
It has been a thousand pounds more than it is, because I hear as good a word on your Worship as any man in the city.
Yes, and I will cry for a while longer.
Yes, and I paid for it.
Yes, and under the text: “Here is Benedick the married man”?
Yes, and the best person.
Yes, are you there?
Yes, but I am apt to do myself wrong.
Yes, but you cannot do it without a control.
Yes, by Mass, that it is.
Do you scold me and scold me in the teeth?
Yes, I am alone.
From the table of my memory I will wipe away all trivial and fond records, all books, all forms, all the pressures that have been copied
Is the worst?
Yes, as much as you can take on a knife’s point and choke a daw withal.
Leave that work to great Hercules, and let it be more than Alcides’ twelve.
Do you hear that, Balthasar?
Yes, let them come before me.
Yes, marry, that is the eftest way. Let the watch come out.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can do it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Yes, or to paint himself?
Yes, Richard, when I know, because I am not protesting yet.
Yes sir, and leave when you ask me.
Yes, sir, we hope so.
Yes, she did.
Yes, that is the same.
Yes, force forces itself.
Yes, why should she not?
Yes, yes, my lord.
Yes, he said, “Do you fall on your face?
Yes, my husband said, “Fall on your face?
I will do this rite every year.
Yes, indeed.
Yes, it is Emilia. It is like she is coming to speak about Cassio’s death.
Yes, a dozen, and as many as would store the world they played for.
Yes, and he will do it until death shakes him.
Yes, as sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion.
Yes, being kept together and put to use.
Yes, tell me, boy, if your lord looks well, because he went sickly out of here.
Yes, by heaven.
Yes, by Saint Anne, and ginger will be hot in the mouth.
Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, and much offense too.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement: God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, certainly, and out of doubt and out of question, too.
Yes, and all his lords, the Duke of Milan and his brave son being twain.
Yes, I will, Fridays and Saturdays and all.
Yes, yes.
Yes, gracious madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I have gained my experience.
Yes, I am going to do so.
Yes, I know you are Signior Lucentio.
Yes, it is true.
Yes, it is a garment.
Yes, just.
Yes, madam, he was from that consort.
Yes, madam.
Yes, I am married.
Yes, my conscience, he did great good for us.
Yes, nightingales answer daws!
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Yes, and in this way.
Yes, other men have bad luck.
Yes, Shylock, I will give you this bond.
Yes, sir, anger has a privilege.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
Yes, something you can't say for your own safety: you have been a great thief by sea.
Yes, sooth, and so do you.
Yes, the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you did, sir, and you forswore it too.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, for look, the children are being punished for the sins of the father.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you have seen Cassio and she together.
Yes.
It is the plague to great people, and the king’s rights are less than the base.
And again?
I am noble as the adversary I come to deal with.
I saw the treasons planted at the first.
Do not bend all the harm on yourself.
Benedick was such a man, and now he has become a man.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
But only three?
Caesar will go out, because these predictions are to the general world as to Caesar.
I could bear that too, well, very well.
Count Claudio may hear it, because what I would like to say concerns him.
I do not use my horse for my mistress, or any other proverb that says so little about it.
Edmund was beloved.
But fortune cannot pay me better than to die well, and not my master’s debtor.
I have left a daughter.
He has always known himself slenderly.
He looks good.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, countrymen.
She is allowed to eat her virgin strewns, her maiden strewments, and the bringing home of bell and burial.
But here, Laertes?
Here is a spot.
But his plans are in the works.
Please, if you think it is appropriate or that it is possible, give me a brief talk with Desdemona alone.
I can’t help laughing to think it should leave crying and say “yes.”
I do not hate Orlando.
I have known those who have walked in their sleep who have died in their beds.
I have not seen a ambassador of love so likely.
But I insisted.
I love you too.
I am convinced that he is not going to be wrong.
I swear to you that I am a man who has cured it.
I would kill you with a lot of love.
I suppose he is virtuous, and he is noble, and he is a fresh, and dependable young man.
I will go.
I will not shed her blood, nor scar her whiter skin than snow and smooth as alabaster.
If you say Antony is alive, is well, or is friends with Caesar, or is not captive to him, I will put you in
If you were there to practice my state, then you could be my question.
If you did not, it would not approve me much.
But this isn’t a charm for the toothache.
It was said that it shouldn’t stand in your post-war life, but that I should be the father of many kings.
Keep the French on the field.
Leave our cousin Katherine with us.
Let me cry for such a loss.
I was pointing to where Cupid fell.
We shouldn’t put the law on him.
I am afraid I cannot tell you one thing.
If any friend will pay the sum for him, he will not die.
He is old and poor, and he is holping the heavens to rain.
Put it out, because I would not be seen.
Say I, he is in love.
She must die, or she will betray more men.
But that is a ruined necessity, since we have locks to protect our precious treasures and pretty traps to catch the petty thieves.
The gold is still a thing that others touch, and often wear gold.
There he was, and I found this credit, that he went to the town to find me.
They are not joined.
I will not do this, and I will do what I can.
This is your harmless fairy, monster.
But you killed my children.
But you are lying in the bleak air.
Please touch this sparingly, as if it were far away, because you know my mother lives.
What can I do when I can’t repent?
Words are good when the person who speaks them pleases the people who hear them.
I wish I could know that stroke would be the worst.
I would not have done that, even if I had done my will.
But you are withered.
But you started to be rude.
You have all the advantages of her wrong.
But you will be hanged for being so long absent.
You, the murderer, look as bright, as clear as Venus in her glimmering sphere.
But coming from him, that great med’cine has gilded you with his tincture.
Please forgive me, God, that I am braging like this.
If you are out, sir, I can help you.
If he shows it, he will dishearten his army.
When I saw it last time, it was smeared as black as Vulcan in the smoke of war.
When we can wait an hour to serve, we would say some words about that business if you were to.
Yield, curt.
I know that light is not daylight, I know.
The ribaudred nag of Egypt was in the middle of a fight, when a pair of twins appeared both as the same.
The sydney island carrions, desperate to find their bones, are the morning field.
The same cloud, besides the huge cloud, looks like a foul bombardment that would shed his liquor.
Yonder comes my master, your brother.
I am sure they are coming.
They lie, the poor old man making such a pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part in weeping.
Yonder, sir, he is walking.
Are you a man?
You are right.
You all saw that I presented him with a kingly crown on the Lupercal, which he refused to accept.
You all know this mantle.
You are always going to end with a jade’s trick.
You are surprised by me.
You appeared to me only as a common man.
You are a councilor.
You are a cowardly king.
You are a fishmonger.
You are a fool.
You are a fool. You, niece, give yourself.
You are a lover.
You are a merry man, sir.
You are a royal, and we are obeying you.
You are a savage boy.
You are a senator!
You are a spirit, I know.
You have almost come to a fight.
You are an ass, you are an ass!
You are as good as any prince in the world.
You both are sure, and will help me.
You are wrong.
You are dull, Casca, and you are wasting your life on the sparks of a Roman you want, or you do not use them.
You are a bit upset.
You are full of pretty answers.
You are brave men.
You are him, you are him.
You are right, sir, it is for my mistress.
You are idle, shallow things.
You are right.
You are in the great chamber looking for and being called for, asked and sought for.
You are a good man, my lord.
You are my older man.
You are my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the ruddy drops that make me sad.
You are naughty, you are naughty.
You do not know what excellence Laertes is.
You are not Pinch’s patient, are you?
You are not wood, you are not stones, but men.
You are not, Cassius.
You are out of your text now.
You are just a foot away from the extreme point.
You are coming, and I beg you all to think yourself.
You are out of the door, you are ringing bells in your parlors, wild-cats in your kitchens, saints in your injuries,
You are a bit sane in your accouterments, as loving yourself as you seem to be the lover of any other.
You are resolute, then?
You are the lord of duty.
You are their heir, you sit on their throne, and the courage and blood that redeemed them are running in your veins.
You are followed by a faithful shepherd.
You are thought to be the most intelligent and fit man for the constable of the watch; therefore, bear the lantern.
You are to blame for not telling her to.
You are too hot.
You are too indulgent.
You are too wrong in this king.
You are unkind, Demetrius.
You are very sensible, but you are not aware of me.
You are very welcome.
You are very well met.
You are welcome for his sake.
You are welcome to Elsinore.
You are welcome, masters, welcome, all! I am glad to see you.
You are welcome to Cyprus, sir.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are well-prepared.
You are, and you do not know it.
You beastly knave, don’t you know what you are saying?
You know the place best.
You asked me to make it right and well according to the fashion and the time.
You break a jest like braggarts do their blades, which, God be thanked, will not hurt.
You are taking me out.
You call me a misbeliever, a cutthroat dog, and scold my Jewish lord for using what I own.
You can do better, but this is a good thing.
You cannot fool me out of money at this throw.
Bassanio, you cannot be better employed than to live still and write my epitaph.
You cannot feed capons like that.
You cannot revel in dukedoms here.
You cannot, if my heart were in your hand, and you cannot, while I am in my custody.
You cannot take from me any thing I will do more willingly than my life, except my life, except my life.
You have drenched our steeples, drowned the cocks!
You are wrong to say it.
You are all beautiful princes and heart-sorrowing peers who bear this heavy mutually heavy burden of love. Please cheer each other up.
You are coming very carefully at your hour.
You do not come from Caesar’s sister.
You come to me and you say, “Shylock, we would have money.”
You are coming with letters against the king and you are taking the puppet’s part against the royalty of her father.
You could never do him so badly if you were the man you were.
You could, for a need, write a speech of about twelve or sixteen lines I’d set down and insert in it, would you
You are cramming these words into my ears against my sense.
You are more likely to be friends with me than to fight with my enemy.
You knew how much you were my conqueror, and that my sword, made weak by my affection, would kill it for all reasons.
You did.
You are getting more and more sane.
You are helping the storm.
You are only dallying.
You will extend these horror thoughts further than you will find reason for Caesar.
You love me, my lord.
You are wrong to take me out of the grave.
You are wrong, sir.
You are wrong about your business.
You do not mind the play.
Do you remember all the circumstances?
You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant.
You would not have tempted him like that.
You are willing to take your charge.
You English princes, I salute you.
You envy my advancement, and my friends’.
You always gentle gods, take my breath away from me.
You forget to hide me.
You gentle Romans, be quiet!
You are going to find the Lord Hamlet.
You had a musty victual, and he has holp to eat it.
You have a daughter called Elizabeth, who is virtuous and fair, royal and gracious.
You killed a sweet and innocent lady among you.
You have many of the slaves you bought, which you use in abject and slavish parts because you bought them.
You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.
You have surprised him.
You have been a factious one against the other.
You have been called for.
You have been borne with nobility.
You have broken the law of your oath, which you will not have any tongue to charge me with.
You are wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles.
You have displaced the sand, broke the good meeting, and ruined the best of the best.
You have done something you should be sorry for.
You have done well by water.
You have done well, that men have to lay their hands on your neck.
You have forgotten the will I told you about.
You are very good at horsemanship.
You heard him swear that he was.
You have heard so much.
You have her father’s love, Demetrius.
You are full of it, Benedick.
You have killed a sweet lady, and her death will be heavy on you.
You have already heard what you should not.
You do not have any reason to say that.
You have not lost any reputation unless you are a man who is a loser.
You have loved him well.
You have made me offer Sicily, Sardinia.
You have me, don't you?
You have my consent.
You do not have any stomach.
You have been beaten up, then?
You have not called me so, and you have not made any reason to.
You have not seen anything like that.
You have it.
You have stood out against your brother, and he has gotten you into a position where it is impossible to take true root only by the weather.
You have won.
You have put him down, lady, you have put him down.
You have said what you are saying now.
You have said something, but if you are wise or not, let the forest judge.
You have said what you are saying, sir.
You have seen a cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You did not see anything then?
You have served me well, and kings have been your fellows.
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate.
You have some reason, they do not.
You have spoken more than you intended.
You have stayed with me for a happy hour.
You have taken it wiser than I thought you should.
You told me she received them and returned them with a sudden respect and acquaintance, but I do not find any.
You are too clever to be a fool for me.
You are too much respecting the world.
You have trained me like a peasant, hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities.
You have, my lord.
You hear him all night.
You hear how he is bringing me to life.
You hear the suit.
You heard her say it wasn't me.
You jig and amble, and you lisp. You nickname God’s creatures and make your ignorance a bad thing.
You keep the legions and the horse whole, don’t you?
You kill me to deny it.
You kiss by the book.
You knew my father well, and I was left solely heir to all his land and goods, which I have bettered rather than reduced.
You knew as well, but no one knew as well about my daughter’s flight.
You know he does.
You know I gave it to you right now.
You know I gave it to you for a half hour now.
You know I am not saying anything to him because he does not understand me, and neither does he understand me.
You know me by my habit.
You know me well, and here I am, just to wind up on my love for the situation.
You know me well.
You know me well.
You know what I am thinking.
You do not know Centaur?
You do not know how to choose a man.
You do not know what you are doing.
You do not know whether it was his wisdom or his fear.
You do not know why we came to visit you. Out of season, a dark night.
You know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours.
You know that I held Epicurus strong and his opinion.
You know that you are Brutus who speak this, or, by the gods, this speech was your last.
You know the character is your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
You know, he brought me out of favor with my lady about a bear-baiting.
You do not have a man’s heart.
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.
You are lying on it, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
You lie up to the gods’ hearing.
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you had something more to say.
You do not look well, Antonio.
You look pale, look, and stare, and put on fear, and you are in awe of the strange impatience of the heavens.
You look tired.
You do not love me.
You are making me study that.
You are causing us to work.
You may as well try to soften his Jewish heart.
You may as well go about turning the sun to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock’s feather.
You may as well say that is a valiant flea who eats his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You may be pleased to see what happened here.
You may be just, whatever I think.
You can do that then in time.
You may do your will, but he is a tried and valiant soldier.
You can find out more.
You can go to the devil’s dam!
You may have a good occasion for it.
You can light up a husband who has no beard.
You can relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.
You can tell me every finger I have with my ribs.
You may think I do not love you.
You may think I am in love with you.
You can, sir.
You mean to bear me, not to bear with me. Uncle, my brother mocks you and me.
You, men of Cyprus, let her have your knees.
You could do anything.
You might have come before.
You could have saved me my pains to take it away yourself.
You, you, are these your customers?
You are wrong, sir, you are wrong.
You are wrong, sir.
You mock me, madam.
You mock me, sir.
You have to leave tonight.
You have to be patient for a while.
You must be your brother’s father and give her to Claudio.
You have to bear with me.
You have to call out the watch that is accused of it.
You have to contradict me.
You have to be patient.
You have to leave this.
You will need to give me your reason, Sir Andrew.
You cannot deny me.
You can't look so sour.
You cannot stay here longer.
You can't think I am so simple, but I know that the devil will not eat a woman.
You should not think that I am drunk.
You shouldn’t mistake my niece, sir.
You must note that we have tried all our friends, our army is full of brims, and our cause is ripe.
You must play Pyramus and Flute, you Thisbe.
You have to say “paragon.” A "paramour" is, God bless us, a thing of naughtyness.
You must sing this song more than matter.
You have to think this, look, that the worm will do his kind.
You have to go to Parthia.
You have to translate.
You do not need to worry about any of these lords, lady.
You do not need to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames into her scornful eyes.
You or any man living in the city can be drunk at any time.
You pay him then.
You are a peasant!
You, friends, continue this united league.
You praise yourself by putting my judgment to the test, but you have snuck up your excuses.
You did not receive any gold?
You are up to play and go to bed to work.
You rub the sore when you should bring the plaster.
You said the enemy would not come down but keep the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh at you?
You saw them speak us fair, give us gold.
You say he ate at home, and the goldsmith here denies that saying.
You are not saying that, old man.
You are very true, scald king, when God’s will is.
You are right.
You say you are a better soldier.
You say you do not know the lady’s mind.
You do not have the heart to tell me that, and therefore you cannot do it.
You are seeing an ass head like you, do you?
You see, her eyes are open.
You see how easily she might be surprised.
You see how old he is.
You see how simple and fond I am.
You see me here as a poor old man, as wretched in both of them as old.
You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I am.
You sent me for a rope's end as soon as you got it.
You sent me to the bay for a bark.
You will advise me in all of the matters concerning Cleopatra.
You will be a woodmonger and buy nothing but cudgels from me.
You will be king.
You will be more beloving than you will be beloved.
You will be sent soon with fair conditions.
You will keep the prisoner quiet until the Venetian state knows the nature of your crime.
You will admit that you have been fooled.
You will do marvelous things, good Reynaldo, before you visit him, to ask about his behavior.
You will be a little disrespectful, and you will be a bit too bold to be a victim of my master’s grace and sanity.
You will find me apt enough to do that, sir, so you can give me some opportunity.
You will have anything.
You will have gold to pay the debt twenty times over.
You will have to leave.
You will have letters from me to my son in your behalf, to meet you on the way.
You will have letters from me to some friends who will go to you.
You will not have any bad luck, sir, because I will try if they can lick their fingers.
You will receive a ransom.
You will have some part of your will.
You will either have the mustard or you will have no beef from Grumio.
You will have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do.
You will have enough wine, my lord.
You will hear me.
You will hear more by midnight.
You will hear more.
You will know more later.
You will see a duteous, knee-crooking knave who wears out his time like his master.
You will never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue.
You can't choose but drink before you go.
You will not find the least reason for what you are afraid of, even if you are curious.
You will not see me by what we do tonight.
You will not go, my lord.
You will not go.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but you can tell us everything you can do about Caesar.
You will not be able to get a contract like that for me.
You are not going to get out of your house today.
You will play it in a mask, and you can speak as small as you want.
You will read the will, Caesar’s will.
You will see how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You will only try one fall.
You will, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time it is.
You should be ruled and led by some discernment that makes you better than you yourself.
You should have reprehended him for that.
You should hear why.
You should have accosted her, and you should have thrown the youth into a dumbness with some excellent sneezes.
You slave, you curled!
You are talking all your parts together, cues and everything.
You do not speak as you think.
You are talking about this to get me in, my lord.
You speak to Casca, and to a man like that who is not a slander.
You are talking too bitterly.
You have not spoken to her since then?
You are begging me to leave, and he will push me here.
You are amazed, but be comforting.
You are standing.
You stayed well in Egypt.
You are hitting my people, and your rabble makes servants of their betters.
You sulphurous fires, savage savage thunderbolts, singe my white head!
You sunburnt sicklemen of August are tired, come here from the furrow and be merry.
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it until you died.
You take my house when you take the prop that sustains my house.
You take my life when you take the means where I live.
You are enjoying the message?
You are taking your pennyworths now.
You are talking!
You tallow face!
You taught me to beg first, and now I think you teach me how to beg a beggar.
You taught me language, and I know how to curse.
You tell us the way of the wrestling.
You are losing something like that?
Do you think I will cry?
You think nothing but your sheets are suited to your wishes.
You think about him too much.
You thought because he couldn’t speak English in the native language, he could not handle an English cudgel.
You told me a lie, an odious lie.
You told me that.
You told me you do not salute the court, but you kiss your hands.
You touched my heart first.
You tremble and look pale.
You understand me?
You are using this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the Porpentine.
You would better go in.
You would better knock louder.
You should tell Antonio what you hear, but do not do it suddenly, because it may be a grieving thing for him.
You were kneeled to and imported otherwise by all of us, and the fair soul herself was weighed between loath and obedience, at which end
You were sent for, and you have a confession in your looks that you do not have enough to color.
You were the word of war.
You were to blame, I must be clear with you, to part so slightly with your wife’s first gift.
You whoreson malt-horse drudge!
You will answer, "The slaves are ours.
You will be a schoolmaster and teach the maid. That is your device.
You will be whipped.
You will have to convince me to read the will.
You will have Gremio to keep you fair.
You will lose this wager, my lord.
You will never run crazy, niece.
You will not, then?
You will not delight in it, I can tell you, because he is so odd.
You would have been able to prove that there is not time for everything.
You want to be satisfied?
You would lift the moon out of her sphere if she continued in it for five weeks without changing it.
You would say that, master, if your clothes were thin.
You would be surprised to see my stops.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me more, sir, when you denied it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
You wrong me, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write in such a case.
You, as your business and desire will point you. For every man has business and desire, as it is.
You, constable, are to present the Prince's own person.
You, cousin.
You, mistress, all this slut is long.
Nick Bottom, you are set for Pyramus.
You, Pyramus’s father, and myself, Thisbe’s father.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
You, uncivil lady, have breathed out my ingrate and ungrateful altars that have been poured out by the faithful, whose devotion
You, you, yes, you.
You, you, sir, where is my daughter?
You!
You.
You would be king of the island, sir.
You will never trust his word afterward.
You will ask me why I prefer to have a weight of carrion flesh than to receive three thousand ducats.
You will be sick tomorrow because you are watching this night.
You will be a bang for that, I am afraid.
You will cry for this if I beat the door down.
You will find it wrong, I assure you.
You will have a pair of worms for cousins and gennets for germans.
You will see your nephews neighing to you.
You will heat my blood.
You will let us in, I hope?
You will not endure him.
You will pay me eight shillings I won from you at betting?
You will win two days for me.
You are falling into a princely hand.
You are wrong.
You are sad, Signior Balthasar.
You are welcome here.
You are welcome, sir, and he is for your good sake.
You have said what you are saying, sir.
You have strange serpents there?
Young boys and girls are equal now to men.
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, or where is your home?
Young Edward lives; think about what I want to say.
Young Fortinbras, with conquest from Poland, gives this warlike volley to the ambassadors of England.
Young fry of treachery!
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?
Then young men’s love is not true in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Is it young Romeo?
Young son, it is a slur of a distempered head to give you a good morning to your bed.
Younger than she is, happy mothers.
Younger than you here in Verona, women of esteem are already mothers.
Youngling, you cannot love as much as I am.
You do not want the maids in France to kiss before they are married, would she say?
Your accent is something finer than you could buy in such a ruined house.
What is your answer?
Your answer is enigmatical, sir.
Your bedchamber.
Your betters have made me say my mind, and if you can't, you will be better off stopping your ears.
Your betters, sir.
Your brother Gloucester hates you.
Your brother is only young and tender, and I would be loath to foil him for your love, as I must for my own honor.
Your brother the Bastard has fled from Messina.
Your brother is not your brother, but the son. But not the son, I won’t call him son.
Your cake inside is warm, and you are standing in the cold.
Your case is better.
Your castle is surprised, your wife and children were slaughtered in a savage manner.
Your sorrow should not be measured by his worth, because then it will not end.
Your charm is so strong that if you saw them now, your affections would become tender.
Your children will be kings.
Your children were vexing your youth, but mine will be a comfort to your age.
Your commission is ready.
Your constant presence has left you unattended.
Your cousin, my lady, makes great exceptions to your poor hours.
Your crown is wry.
Your Dane, your German, and your swag-bellied Hollander are nothing to your English.
The princes left your daughter for dead.
Your daughter spent one night in Genoa, as I heard, in fourscore ducats.
Your dinner and the generous islanders invited to join you are at your service.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters have forgiven themselves, and are desperately dead.
Your Emperor is still a Jove.
Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet air is more tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear.
Your eyes are threatening me.
Your eyes drop millstones when fools’ eyes drop tears.
Your face is like a book where men can read strange things.
Your father had excellent husbands, if a maid could come by.
Your father was always virtuous, and holy men at their death have good inspirations.
Your features, Lord, warrant us.
Your fortunes are alike.
Your friends are up and wearing their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret need the priest.
Your gentleness will force us more than your force will force us to gentleness.
Your goods were the ones that were buried in the Centaur.
Your Grace listened to their sugary words, but they did not look at the poison of their hearts.
Your Grace honors me as much as it can be desired in his subjects’ hearts.
Your grace has put the odds on the weaker side.
Your Grace is too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace can do whatever you want.
We think your Grace should know his mind quickly.
Your graces are welcome.
Your grandfather of famous memory, who is not please your Majesty, and your great-uncle Edward the Plack Prince of Wales, who is not
Your hand, Leonato.
Your hands, come then.
Your heart is bursting, you have lost half your soul.
Your heart desires are with you.
Your Highness told me to ask for it today.
Your Highness told me I should post before.
Your honor is calling you here.
You are very welcome.
Your Honor wins bad humor.
Your Honor’s players are coming to play a pleasant comedy, because your doctors are very happy with it.
Your houses.
Your husband is upset with a shrew, which is what makes my husband sad by his suffering.
Your mother is coming to your room.
Your lady, sir, your lady.
If your ladyship was good to have some guard around you, you would be sure the man is tainted by his wits.
Your letters prevented us from breaking up until we saw both how you were wronged and how we were in danger.
Your lips will feel them the sooner.
Your looks are pale and wild, and you are causing some misadventure.
Your lord knows what I am thinking.
Your lordship is welcome back to Denmark.
Your lordship speaks infallibly of him.
Your loss is as good as yours, and you bear it as you are answering to the weight.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, 'Where is your mother?'
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, courteous, kind, handsome, and, I am sure, virtuous. Where is your mother
Your love is mine to you.
Your Majesty did not come like yourself.
Your Majesty is very true.
Your Majesty will mock me.
Your Majesty, listen now, saving your Majesty’s life is a terrible thing.
Your man and you are wonderful, sir.
Your mind may change.
Your mistress is well.
Was your mistress sent to bring me home to dinner?
Your mother.
Your name, please, friend?
Your name is truly true.
What are your names?
Your old smock brings out a new petticoat, and the tears of an onion should be filled with sorrow.
Your overkindness tears tears from me.
You could not keep your part in her life from dying, but heaven keeps his part in eternal life.
Your plainness and your shortness please me.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Your power and your command are taken off, and Cassio is king in Cyprus.
Your praise has come too quickly.
Why?
You are right.
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your reproof is too round.
Your royal father has been murdered.
Your royal preparation makes us hear something.
Your rye-straw hats are put on, and these fresh nymphs are all in the country.
The sun turns your serpent into a snake in Egypt.
Your servant Kent.
Your servant will do so.
Your servants have their own, and what they have in their hands, to make their own decisions, and to return your own.
Your servants are going to do that.
Your shoes are not so good.
Your sister is the better soldier.
Your son and daughter found this trespass worth the shame that it suffers.
Your son will have my daughter with consent.
Your son, my lord, has paid a soldier’s debt.
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes, in which so many smiling Romans bathed, shows that from you great men will suck blood from you
Your sword is on a woman.
Your story would cure deafness.
Your vessels and your spells provide, your charms and everything else.
Your virtue is my privilege.
Your voice will be as strong as any man can be when it comes to removing new dignities.
You are getting shorter.
Your wife and brother made wars against me, and their contestation was the theme for you.
Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes and still conclusion, won't be honored to be courting me.
Your wife would give you a little thanks for that if she were there to hear you make the offer.
What is your will?
Your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids couldn't fill up the cistern of my lust and my desire.
Your worship is wrong.
Your worship speaks of a very thankful and reverent youth, and I praise God for you.
Your worship did not tell me that I could do nothing without a bid.
Your worship's friend and Launcelot, sir.
Your worth is very dear in my opinion.
Your wrongs have ruined my sexuality.
You are yours by this hand.
You are in the ranks of death.
You, if you talk about stories.
Yours, yours.
Youth rebels, even if none else is near.
A dog, a rat, a mouse, and a cat to scratch a man to death.
He is dying.
Go ahead, calm down.
I will never beg you any more.
You are robbed, sir.
Zounds, who is there?