He was the captain of a flimsy boat that was practically worthless because it was so small.
Follow her.
Are you begging, brother?
That is a poor example.
I would rather be a squawking bird than an animal like you.
You are a bitter fool.
There was no story, my lord.
What blessed work, my king.
That braggart, punk villain who fights like he learned swordsmanship from a manual.
A fine ship, with some good people in it, I am sure, smashed to pieces.
Bridegroom?
We need a calendar.
It is a skull with a scroll in its empty eye socket.
He took aim at a beautiful young virgin who was sitting on a throne in the western part of the world.
I bet it is a challenge.
I have responsibilities in this war, and as the absolute ruler of my kingdom, I will carry out my duties as if I were a man.
Let’s go, we will obey you.
Some kind of fountain?
His breath stinks.
To celebrate a marriage of true love, and give a gift to the lovers.
That is a Cornish name.
He could never bear carnation.
He is a coward, a total coward.
A gullible father and a brother who is so innocent that he can't suspect anyone else of wanting to hurt him. These are the two fools
What is a crow without feathers?
It is a cup, closed in my true love’s hand.
I am glad to hear it.
A daughter?
Women are lucky, then.
Something there is not a word for.
He is a devil, a born devil, who can never be trained.
You mean a devil!
I will head to France soon.
A dog from that house will make me angry enough to take a stand.
What a pain.
A dream itself is just a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
Just a bit of my dry humor.
A good name.
A fair woman.
A false conclusion.
A devil like you could lead me to hell.
Nonsense!
She is a fine woman.
Start the fire, good Curtis.
No, a flatterer would not, even if the faults were as large as Mount Olympus.
An enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country.
My stupid heart, which I am leaving behind here.
That is a stupid thing to say.
A fox you have trapped and such a daughter should be slaughtered. If my fool's cap is worth a rope to bind them.
It is a friend of Antony’s.
A friend should put up with his friend’s weaknesses, but you exaggerate mine.
A friend?
A friend.
A friend would never see those faults.
I will wear a big sword in my belt, carry a boar-spear, and hide all my womanish fear in my heart.
Good riddance! Close the curtains and leave. I hope everyone who looks like him will make the same choice.
A nice message.
He says more in one minute than he does in a whole month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind does not bend down to choose something worthless.
Even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give way to a royal command.
A good plan, warrior king.
That is a good way of putting it.
A good fool.
That is a lame answer.
Even good men have bad luck.
Very impressive.
The moral of this story is that it is not enough to speak; you have to speak grammatically.
That is a good thing to put in. It keeps you from getting in trouble with the law.
A veteran commander and a very kind gentleman.
That is the right attitude.
He is very bright.
A nice, soft pillow would be a more suitable place to lay your head than France’s hard, cold ground.
A witty if cynical reply.
Good girl, give it to me.
Yes, quite a large one, with many cells and dungeons, Denmark being one of the worst.
A grandmother is loved less than a mother is.
A grave?
Very suspicious.
I will give you a greater gift than that, nephew.
What is a greater gift?
A greater power than we can fight has ruined our plan.
That is terrible!
I am dying an innocent woman.
Nothing else, for God’s sake!
What a sad sight!
I am tired and feeling heavy, but I cannot sleep.
It was obviously a hit.
Today will always be remembered as a holy day.
He is subhuman, like an animal.
A horse, a horse, I would give my kingdom for a horse.
A loud-mouthed, drunken monster.
I will bet you a hundred marks, my Kate puts her flat on her back.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous woman, a jealous woman.
A nice stool.
A very good night to all!
He is a king, a king!
A king, perhaps? My lord, how is it that the prophet did not tell me at the time that I would kill him?
Although many people said she looked like me, she was considered beautiful.
Juliet lies here, and her beauty fills this tomb with light.
A good laugh.
A thin face, which you do not have; a sleepless, sunken eye, which you do not have; an irritable temper.
That was a likely story, that you found it in your room and did not know who it belonged to.
A lioness gave birth in the streets, and graves cracked open and thrust out their dead.
A little water will wash away the evidence of our guilt.
A little bit.
He is a lord to a lord and a man to a man.
A love song, a love song.
A lover would have to be weepier, of course.
It is a sweet lozenge that you choke on.
She blushes at the slightest thing.
A man is master of his own freedom. Time is his only master, and when the right moment comes along, he will come or go as
You do not need eyes to see how the world works.
A man no mightier than you or I in ability, yet has grown as large and frightening as tonight’s strange happenings.
A man with a wife like that might ask, “Hey, wandering wit, where are you off to?
A man, like you.
A man, sir.
What a man, young lady.
On their graves, I trust, the story of this day’s work will be written in brass.
He is a marvelously witty fellow, no doubt, but I will outmaneuver him.
Good!
It is a deal.
A beautiful voice, I swear.
That guy is funny.
A messenger has arrived from Caesar.
It is a messenger from the warships.
A man of great influence.
They have a massive army.
What a miracle!
He is dressed like a freak, a total freak, and not at all like a gentleman’s valet.
No woman could be more miserable than I if you two disagree.
I was so crazy myself that I forgot all about him.
A wonderful miracle!
It is just that my wit is very gentlemanly, Margaret, and refuses to hurt a woman.
Edward’s healing touch is a miracle that I have seen many times during my stay in England.
What a poor, gullible monster! That was a nice big gulp, monster!
I am a poor man who has been humbled by many mistakes.
What a silly monster to think a poor drunk is wonderful.
A rotten, foolish monster.
Yes, unfortunately.
No, he was wicked and vile.
A night isn’t much time for addressing matters of this importance.
A duke who is noble in name and character.
He is a noble prisoner.
One of our ships has reported that it saw most of their fleet shipwrecked.
You have the best sorts of happiness to enjoy.
You thug!
A mischievous child.
An annoying schoolboy, unworthy of such an honor, joined by a masquerader and a partier.
It is a constant pain to me.
More or less.
A piece of ice.
A deed that will make sick men healthy.
May a plague curse both your families.
May a plague strike both your houses.
May a plague strike both your families.
The tyrant I am serving now can go to hell!
Those men shouting down there!
Damn you all!
Curse you all, you are all murderers and traitors.
It is a play about ten words long, which is the shortest play I have ever heard of.
Noble Buckingham, your promise is like medicine to my ailing heart.
That was a poor unlucky beggar.
This poor virgin isn’t much to look at, sir, but she is mine.
A pound of human flesh taken isn’t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef.
Damn your wine!
To hell with drowning yourself!
The privilege of never seeing me again.
He is an admirable man.
A likely story.
I remember a fight, but not why we were fighting.
What is an argument already?
But gods, you give us faults so we will be human.
A beautiful target is the one that gets hit the fastest.
You were right on target.
He has a ring of mine worth forty ducats, and he promised to give me a necklace in exchange for it.
A mature age.
A Roman.
A sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched away at them.
A second Daniel! A Daniel, Jew!
The Turkish navy will be broken up.
A ship you sent me to find, to book passage out of here.
A two-hundred-year-old witch sewed it while she was in a fevered trance.
You would not tell a sick man he has to make his will. It would just make him worse.
In a king, the sight is unbearable.
A simple country farmer who brought her figs.
He would see me for what I am, a person amazed to hear you talking about Naples.
I give you a sister whom I love more than a brother ever loved any sister.
A sleeve?
Let this solemn melody comfort your fevered minds, which are now useless, seething inside your skulls.
A soothsayer tells you to beware of March 15th.
May a hot southwest wind blow on you and cover you with blisters all over.
He is too overwhelmed with shame.
I am a spirit, yes, since I have a soul.
A ghost, a ghost!
What is a spirit?
A sculptor or a painter couldn’t have screwed him up as bad as that, even as an apprentice.
Bring us some wine!
A strange fish.
A governor shines as brightly as a king until a king is near by, and the governor suddenly looks like a nobody.
Get me a surgeon!
A sweet woman.
He was born with lots of natural gifts, he was young, valiant, wise, and no doubt meant to be king.
A tailor made you.
How can a tailor make a person?
You have something for me?
You could not find a third like these two unless the devil himself turned into a Jew.
Many thanks, Signior Gremio.
A million goodbyes to you.
Leaving you is a thousand times worse than being near you.
Even though it is early, there are already a thousand armored soldiers waiting for you at the harbor.
The dirt of a grave must cover your sweet eyes.
You got me, I admit it.
It is a trade, sir, that I practice with a clear conscience.
You are a traveler.
I felt like skipping school, sir.
Often, when I am dulled by worry and melancholy, he lightens my mood with his merry pranks.
I will go for a short walk to calm down my feverish mind.
No, definitely not.
Sneaky, dried up old coot.
He is a dishonest, puny boy, and more cowardly than a rabbit.
A very clear way, but there is no friend who will undertake it.
He is a stylish man.
A lively young one!
It is a sensitive animal, with a good conscience.
He is very handsome.
An honest man who is as poor as the king.
A very nasty meaning.
It is a very pleasing night to honest men.
He is a pathetic monster.
A victory in battle is twice as victorious when all the soldiers return home safely.
A knight on a quest?
No, a whole share for me.
It is born of my mother.
A worthy fool!
What a tunneler!
He was a wreck, almost past hope.
When we are faced with a wretched person, bruised and crying with hardship, we try to get them to apologize.
Gracious Lord, blunt the swords of those traitors who mean to tear poor England apart again.
Hate it, fear it, do not come inside.
You are a horrid slave, you cannot be trained to be good, and you are capable of anything evil.
Evil villain!
Stay inside.
Shame on you, get on board.
Horrid villain!
It said, "Love me and do not leave me." How can you talk about the quality of the poem or the value of the ring?
When you have finished, you will be a happy man.
Let’s go!
Around nine o'clock, madam.
Go around the forest, moving faster than the wind, and make sure you find Helena of Athens.
You are about as old as you are, my lord.
Revenge!
I am still fairly high-ranking.
Chat her up, Sir Andrew.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Tell her about my son Paris’s love for her.
Add to this eight thousand four hundred knights, squires, and brave gentlemen, five hundred of whom were given the title of knight only yesterday.
Isn’t he the one who is always there?
Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.
Goodbye, Goodbye!
Adieu.
Adieu, Mr. Depression.
Farewell, good neighbor.
Good-bye, good Queen.
Good-bye!
Good-bye, noble Agrippa.
Good-bye, until you return tonight.
Goodbye.
Good-bye.
Goodbye.
Believe it.
Adieu.
Adultery?
Strategy makes a better soldier than haste.
Tell the Duke of Albany to prepare for war immediately.
Tell your men as much.
Think about it.
The heart will not be reasoned with.
Affection is nothing.
After a little while, I will beat him.
You can take your chances after dinner.
Go after her, go.
Twenty thousand crowns now, and half my lands after my death.
After such a long period of grief, we will have such a celebration!
Let George Stanley die after the battle.
Again!
The devil must be behind this.
Against my brother Lucius?
Why would you have me betray the truth of my emotions and make my love wander in some other direction?
Against my will, I have been told to bring you in to dinner. There is a double meaning in that.
Against my will, I have been told to bring you in to dinner.
Age will not wither her, and her charms are so varied that she never grows boring.
Our era should be ashamed.
Ah ha!
I did them for Edward’s sake, and look how he rewards me.
Oh my!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh Buckingham, now I am going to test to see if you are truly made of gold.
Oh, but I think of him more highly than I say I do, and I wish he looked worse in other women’s eyes.
Cut my bodice-staps so that my pent-up heart can have some room to breathe.
If that is true, let heaven make poisonous hail grow from my heart, and let the first hailstone drop down my throat.
Leave me alone, Desdemona, go away.
Do not tear yourself away from me.
My poor husband, my dear Edward.
Our poor father, Clarence.
Oh, good Demetrius, will you find him for me?
My lord, this prince is nothing like Edward.
He is young, and as long as he is too young to become king, Richard, the duke of Gloucester has power over him.
The man who avenged her could ask anything of me.
If you are as happy as I am and you are better with words, tell me about the happiness you imagine we will have in our marriage.
Leave it alone.
Oh, Luciana, did he tempt you like that?
My back aches too.
You think I am a sponge, my lord?
My poor princes!
If your gentle souls are still flying in the air and have not yet landed where they will remain forever, hover around me with your airy wings
The poor thing, he is so shaken with a fever that it is terrible to see.
And Rosencrantz!
Yes, sir, someone would think I was a good fake.
Yes, soldier!
Good old Kent said this would happen to that poor, banished man.
Yes, and that is a serious failing.
You should have done it without telling me.
Ah, you sorceress!
Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father he is.
He is dead.
Where is my servant? Give me some brandy. These griefs, these pains, these sorrows make me old.
Ladies, ladies!
Ah-ha!
I do not know you, sir.
What an awful day!
Curse the day!
Curse the day!
Sadly, it is the king that is missing.
Oh, how awful!
I do not like this business.
Terrible.
Oh, oh!
How pitiful!
How awful!
Unfortunately, I do not love myself.
That is not your fault!
Oh, my lord, what do you mean by that?
You, my earthly moon, are now eclipsed, and that alone foretells my ruin.
The poor man.
Yes sir, he is crazy.
Sir, I am half blind.
You cannot see where you are going, sir.
Oh God, what a heinous sinner I am, being ashamed to be my father’s child.
What is that noise?
God, what a burden I must have been.
Why is this so?
My sons Edward and Clarence.
What can I do to win my husband back?
Now, please, I beg you, do not work so hard.
Curse the day this happened, but it did.
Oh, no!
What a day this is!
How tragic!
Oh, it is too bad!
Sadness and despair!
No, sir, please help. Please help. Lieutenant—sir, Montano—Help, men!
Oh no, good Cassio!
Oh, no, good gentleman.
I know how you feel. Too light for a lout like you to catch.
He has fainted!
Oh, he has been betrayed, and I have been ruined.
Alas, he is too young.
How dangerous to have this madman on the loose!
I am the mother of all these others' griefs.
Alas, I hate myself instead, because of the hateful deeds I have committed.
I gave it to Dromio, who rushed in for it.
That is too bad, because I spent a long time memorizing it, and it is poetic.
He called her a whore so many times, and heaped up so much abuse on her that good people cannot stand to hear it.
I am sorry, Malvolio, but this isn't my writing, though I admit it looks like mine.
Oh, my liege, my wife died tonight.
Alas, my lord, your confidence is getting the better of your wisdom.
The poor thing.
Alas, our poor country.
Poor ghost!
Poor Harry of England!
Oh, the poor bird.
The poor thing, I really think she loves me.
Poor Romeo.
Oh, poor shepherd!
Alas, she has been too long exiled from France, whose crops all lie in heaps, rotting with ripeness.
Please, sir, be quiet.
I have promissory notes from Florence that I have to deliver.
It is too bad their beauty fades when it reaches perfection.
Oh, here comes the storm again.
It is as consuming and insatiable as the sea, and it can swallow as much as the sea can.
Is that how the law sees it?
Alas, you misunderstood everything.
Too quickly, we boarded a ship.
Oh Lord, who is that crying?
What danger we will put ourselves in, two young, innocent women traveling so far.
What is he talking about?
Have I done something to offend you without knowing it?
What is the matter?
My God, who knows?
Why are you chewing on your lower lip like that?
Alas, why would you heap all these responsibilities on me?
Alas, you do not know.
Oh, dear!
Although you deserve praise, applause, and love, right now the duke misconstrues everything you have done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his angers and his displeasures and his indignations,
Alexas!
He is alive and victorious, and Mercutio is dead.
Then I will water all those precious herbs with my tears to make them grow.
Everyone except the sailors dove into the sea, leaving behind the ship that I had set on fire.
Everyone is there except Metellus Cimber, and he has gone to look for you at your house.
Is it all come to this?
I wish you all the comfort that such a dark night as this can offer, noble father-in-law.
They are all dead.
On this hill, in despair, with his slave Pindarus.
Just watch.
All to our advantage.
We are not here to delight you.
Humble greetings, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
There will be hell to pay for this.
Everything is a sick joke.
All the rumors have been confirmed.
All is lost.
Something is wrong.
His running away has nothing to do with fear and everything to do with love.
It is no use.
Everything may still be all right.
If all turns out fine, as you say, it is more than we deserve or I expect.
Everyone says you cannot make up your mind.
I would like to think all men have some hope.
Men’s faces are truthful, whatever their hands do.
All my pretty little children?
I hope all reports about me simply tell the truth.
Am I all alone?
All of us have reason to mourn the dimming of our shining star, the king.
There will be a feast from five o'clock until eleven.
There are patches of righteousness.
I will forbid all ships from leaving our harbors.
Everything is ready.
Our friendship in our schooldays, our childhood innocence?
I could drown the world.
Strange and terrible events are welcome, but I despise comforts.
Everyone join hands.
Everyone can see that, and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery.
All that glitters is not gold. You have often heard that said.
All I wanted to tell you is that the lantern is the moon, I am the man in the moon, this thornbush is my thornbush
All I will tell you is that the duke has had dinner already.
Everything we have heard is bad.
I will take all who served Brutus into my service.
Well that is good.
All of the conspirators acted out of jealousy of great Caesar.
Tell her that the entire East shall call her Queen.
All the perfumes of Arabia couldn’t make my little hand smell better.
All the most beautiful paintings are black when compared to Rosalind.
He cannot bear his grief and so he is losing his mind.
The whole world wants her.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women are merely actors.
Everything that belongs to them is yours.
All these aging faculties tell me that you are my son, Antipholus.
We are ready if our minds are ready.
Everything would be produced without labor, and would be shared by all.
Everything will be all right.
We chase everything in life more excitedly than we actually enjoy it when we get it.
I can confirm that all these shocking things are true.
What is going on?
When you have finished all this, return to the porch of Pompey’s theater, where you will find us.
All this is comforting news.
Yes, that is all true, but what do you mean by it, my lord?
My sister is all those things, or else she should be.
What is all this?
All three of us will marry in death.
All three of them are crazy with despair.
The bitter one is the other one. That is you.
Oh, so you would give me all your tediousness?
This place is full of trouble, torments, and amazements.
Othello is not any of those things.
I will spend our time apart on my knees, praying for you.
Those are the things we pine for now.
I am sure everything will be fine.
Any trick that works works for me.
Oh my God, what a terrible world this is.
Everything.
All of them?
Now all is for nothing.
Everything is gloomy, dark, and dreadful.
It is as silent as a graveyard.
It does not matter.
Everything is fine now, sweetheart.
Everything is OK.
It is too frightened to look at itself.
It is almost morning.
He couldn't eat without me talking about it.
One of them was a man named Pinch: a hungry, narrow-faced villain; a liar; a fraud; a raggedy magician
Another case: King Lewis the Tenth, who was sole heir to the throne of France, could not rest easy as king until he was assured that
Sure, I hate her, but I would not hurt her.
Although you bring me joy, I cannot take joy in this exchange of promises.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Welcome, gentlemen.
Am I Dromio?
Am I on earth, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I really interested in one of those guys?
Am I myself?
Isn’t my fortune just a little better than hers?
Aren’t the others waiting for me?
Are the others waiting?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name?
Because of me.
I will.
Am I your servant?
I am Christopher Sly, son of old Sly of Barton-on-Heath, a peddler by birth.
Aren’t you Rosalind?
Startle even the sky with the sound of your lances cracking.
Ambassadors of Harry, king of England, request a hearing with your Majesty.
Ambition shouldn't be so soft.
Amen to that.
Amen to that.
Amen, amen.
It is good if you love Hero, because she is worthy of your love.
Amen to that.
Amen to that from the bottom of my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen!
I will have to do something courageous, because I hate intrigue.
If it were me, I would be very upset.
An awful monster!
A snake did do it, because no snake has ever had a more forked tongue than you have.
I do not know what is "like me." An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
These two people are as identical as two halves of an apple.
Madam, an eagle does not have eyes as green, as quick, and as fair as the eyes of Paris.
An Englishman?
An evil soul using a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you.
If he did that, it would be a charitable deed to hang him.
If he says anything against me, I will humble him, even if he is stronger than he is.
He is an honest man who detests evil actions.
He is honest, he has to speak the truth.
An honest tale succeeds best when it is told simply.
I swear I will. Come on, let’s go see what happens.
If I had been a common laborer and hadn’t taken him up on his offer, to hell with me.
In that case, if I can wear a mask, let me play Thisbe too!
If I live to see you get married someday, all my wishes will come true.
If I were in the habit of fighting the way you are, my life insurance rates would be sky high.
If he advances unopposed, my lord, let us abandon France.
If he hears you, you will make him angry.
What if I am?
If I told you that, what would I get out of it?
If there is enough wind for a ship to sail out tonight, I will not spend tonight in this town.
Well, I hope not.
If you could not, you couldn't bring him back to life.
If you are as good at pleading to them as I am at saying no to you, this will definitely come to a happy end.
If your wife is not a madwoman, and you tell her how much I deserve this ring, she will not stay angry at you forever if
What a farce!
She is modest and ladylike.
Too bad it fell flat.
Tell me, how is your cousin?
That is an oath of great power, and our fury must subside.
I made an oath, an oath, an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is never that generous, my boy.
If it pleases your Majesty, let his neck pay the price, if there is any martial law in the world.
If you like, Brakenbury, you can listen to anything we say.
I will be damned if the duke wouldn’t have given him six pence a day for playing Pyramus.
If anything important happens, find me and let me know.
If they are not, they can go hang themselves by their own laces.
If people take what he says, fine.
If they would put you in the stocks for asking that question, you would have deserved it.
If you let her go this easily, Sir Andrew, you do not deserve to ever use your sword.
If we look like musicians to you, you can expect to hear nothing but noise.
An illicit kiss!
If we do not, it will be the biggest disappointment of our lives.
If you act like my daughter, I will marry you to my friend.
If you lie, boy, we will have you whipped.
Let’s go for it.
If you leave like this, my dear, I will not ever use my sword again.
If you do not listen to reason, I will have to die.
If you want things done in the right way, you will have to read a crazy letter in a crazy voice.
Sir, it is a troupe of actors who want to perform for your Lordship.
If it pleases your Majesty, it is the token of a man I must fight with, if he is still alive.
Ensign, what is he doing in there?
It is too bad that the Moor chose a man with such a deep-rooted drinking problem as his second-in-command.
He had a chain that once belonged to you hanging around his neck.
He is a good soldier, lady.
As wise as a goose.
A true lover of the holy Church.
After that he came back here looking serious.
For Hecuba!
Have my armor been put in my tent?
And all my children?
She is in a better place.
Now the only person I love, and believe in, and want to look at is Helena.
Have you forgotten who I am?
A bad singer, my lord.
There is another storm brewing. I can hear it in the way the wind whistles.
You are my husband, right?
Go away, witch, go away.
And now you have changed?
Are you really alive, Stephano?
In the meantime, come home with me and when the time is right, I will take you to talk to him.
Since I wooed her in your name, I will join you in disgracing her.
Children have lost or no longer have time to learn the skills that should be a credit to our country.
As his body grows uglier with age, his mind rots away as well.
I would not ask for any dowry except for her to play another trick like this one.
When she was here recently, she flirted with Edmund and gave him significant glances.
You told me to bury my love.
Be a happy mother by doing so.
Is everyone who lies and lies a traitor?
And, make no mistake, you will find an amazing difference between the king as a young man and the man he is now.
Do not be easily won over.
Do not be suspicious of me, noble Brutus.
Did he beg my pardon?
Benedick is not the worst husband I can think of.
I request that she come here.
Good mother, I am in a hurry.
And buried, noble Tyrrel?
Unless I am mistaken, Signior Baptista may remember me from the Pegasus in Genoa, where we both stayed twenty years ago.
This would be enough to make my husband suspect me, if he wasn't so free of jealousy.
You should try to get the young man to answer it.
The more she becomes, the more she becomes.
I will go out.
Didn’t I finally arrive to comfort you?
And you can't figure out why he is acting so dazed and confused, ruining his peace and quiet with such dangerous displays of lunacy?
And Cassio has been killed?
And Cassius too.
And they have their swords unsheathed!
Now you say it was “Knock at the gate”?
Please return to us immediately, bringing Messala with you.
He cried out, “Wait for me, dear cousin.
With crisscrossed laces?
Death, not Romeo, can take my virginity.
I departed in a rage.
She screamed at me.
Did not they place the wreath of victory on my brow and order me to give it to you?
Did they ask you to tell Beatrice about this, madam?
Did you leave him like this?
Did you see the handkerchief?
They sing when they die.
That is how she died.
He died on Viola’s fifteenth birthday.
Ranting and raving to my own shadow.
Do so with all your heart.
I swear by my hands.
And now you toss flowers in the path of Caesar, who comes in triumph over Pompey’s defeated sons?
Is it out of lust?
All this suggests that she has a good reason for doing this to you.
Kingly power seems most like God’s power when the king mixes mercy with justice.
Before I make her normal again, I can cure her by treating her with another plant. I will give her that little boy as my page.
Yes, but that makes me love you even more.
As of right now, all of these things are yours.
I hope I have a life of misery.
Everything that made me worry about my ships would make me sad.
She is beautiful, if my eyes can see.
I am sure you do.
Clever lies.
There is no joy except my love for you, and I find that only your majesty's love makes me happy.
Did he stare at you?
Let me kill Cassio.
As for his cowardliness, ask Fabian.
As for his dreams, I am surprised he is so foolish as to trust the fantasies of a restless night.
Because I know how fond she is of music, playing her instruments, and poetry, I plan to hire live-in tutors for her.
As for myself, I did not dare laugh, for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the stinking air.
I hope you will not think badly of me.
They say they have letters for you.
He thinks “G” is me.
Do not kill my sister and her royal sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our blood, which is being spilled unjustly.
As for what I promised to you, I am as good as my word.
As for the Jew's contract, do not let it be a factor in your plans.
And to make it even clearer, we can tell them that I am playing Pyramus but I am not really Pyramus. Really,
As for the rest of the ships, I scattered them, and they have gathered again in the Mediterranean, sailing sadly home to Naples, believing that
For the sake of those you grieve for, do me a favor and tell me the full story of what has happened to you and them,
With those plays in mind, we hope you will receive this one kindly.
For three months.
He is friendly with Caesar.
I will leave now, to set all these things right.
From now on, when you get hot with me, I will assume it is your mother speaking and leave it at that.
From the Earth’s womb, many different sorts of plants and animals come forth, and the Earth provides her children with many excellent forms of
I am going to leave your despised company.
For God knows how many healthy men will shed their blood in support of whatever you persuade me to do.
The sun will never be seen by such royal eyes again.
Be careful not to break the honey-sac.
He challenged you to a duel?
He has made the holiest vows to me, to back up what he says.
Do not we have passions, and a taste for fun, and weaknesses, just like men?
You have mercy on me.
Once he has carried our treasure where we want it, we will turn him loose like a jackass, to shake his ears and graze in
He told us to follow him to the temple.
His voice is the paramour of sweetness.
The one who commands us is our king.
He who will not follow me now, let him depart and stand in the doorway like a pimp, cap in hand, while some slave,
And now he is gone.
Her sister is dead, poisoned by your wife.
Here I am, going crazy in the middle of the woods because I can’t find my Hermia.
Here he is.
I have already condemned and excused myself.
I see a lot of Orlando here.
Here is my mistress, Titania.
Everything depends on this: either be out of here before the night watchmen take their positions, or leave in disguise after daybreak.
I will rest here.
This is the perfect place to rehearse.
Here is Regan, whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart.
Here is another poem, which I stole from my cousin’s pocket. In her handwriting and all about her adoration for Benedick.
Yes, and his relative, too.
His kiss is as holy as bread blessed by a priest.
In his ignorant jealousy, he will totally misunderstand Cassio’s smiles, gestures, and jokes. How are you, lieutenant?
What do you mean, beside yourself?
How did you get in here?
Does this prospect of good fortune make you happy?
How is she doing?
And how are you liking the shepherd's life, Master Touchstone?
How long is that, do you think?
How was that one settled?
I think you look with your eyes just like every other woman does.
I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus.
I get sick when I cannot look at you.
I am such a sensitive ass that if my hair touches me a little, I need to scratch.
I saw her do it.
I am Rosalind.
If that is the case, I will tell you a plan that will get rid of your enemy and bring you closer to me.
I will give you some more.
I love Hastings with all my heart.
I beg you, please come here again tomorrow.
I beg you to pay a visit to my son, who has changed too much.
I believe your Majesty takes no shame in wearing the leek on Saint Davy’s Day.
I hope to see good days and many of them.
I know that by now they are waiting for me on the porch outside Pompey’s theater.
If we have sweet-smelling breath, I am sure they will say, “It is a sweet play.”
I think she is at least thirty.
I believe that this brain of mine is not so politically cunning as it used to be.
I see her through the eyes of love.
I am for Ganymede.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I have been avoiding him all day.
I have built two chapels where solemn priests sing continually for Richard’s soul.
I heard that Apollodorus carried. What did he carry?
I have met a gentleman who promises to help me find a good music tutor to instruct our lady love.
That is true, and with good reason.
It has hatched. I go unwillingly.
I do not know how much I am spending to find them.
I know that unless the law intervenes, it will be bad news for poor Antonio.
Me too.
I had to be away.
In return, I must clear the sea of pirates and send tributes of wheat to Rome.
I wish them all safe travels home.
Now, tell me, which of my bad qualities did you fall in love with first?
I remember kissing her washing stick and the cow’s udders that her pretty, chapped hands had milked.
I remember wooing a pea plant in her name, and then taking two pea pods and begging her to wear them for my sake.
I work for Titania, the Fairy Queen, and organize fairy dances for her in the grass.
As king, I will love you forever.
I think this is his house.
I was just going to yours.
I will turn you into a spirit like us, so you won’t die as humans do.
I will sing it for the duke in the intermission of a play.
I came with him.
It is too bad I am so hard-hearted, because I really do not love anyone.
In saving you, I consider myself well paid.
I would die a thousand deaths cheerfully if it made your life easier.
Me too, my lord.
And me, too, my royal sovereign.
Me too.
And me too.
After this I hope you forgive me.
I will go to bed at noon.
I am going to sleep.
I will forget that I have any home besides this spot.
If I cannot do it myself, I will find someone who can.
If it does not go well, then you can keep her hidden in a nunnery, the best place for someone with her kind of reputation.
As long as it is honorable, you can be sure that I will use all my money and do everything I can to help you.
If he does not deserve this joy on earth, he will never deserve it in heaven.
If you rattle on about mountains, then let them throw millions of acres over us.
If I may ask you for one small favor, you will guarantee my happiness forever.
If our navy wins tomorrow, no doubt our army will do their part.
If you leave me like this, you are doing me wrong.
If you treat us badly, won’t we try to get revenge?
If your love can produce something from its sadness, write a poem for her; hang it on her grave and sing it to her bones.
In public too.
Just in time, here comes the sweaty lord.
Here comes the warden, just in time.
And just in time, here he comes with Sir Richard Ratcliffe.
You should say, "I sort of know him, but not well."
Baby blooms are most susceptible to disease.
In the morning I will take you to your ship and we will sail to Naples, where I hope to see this loving couple married.
Early in the morning we will both rush to Belmont.
That wicked Jew got the Duke to listen to his complaints.
I became his guide, I led him and begged for him, and kept him from committing suicide.
Our drunkenness does not detract from our achievements, as great as they are, and lessens our reputations.
Big, round tears ran down the animal’s innocent nose.
Wouldn’t I be damned if I let this monster live to do more harm?
Is he man enough at this point to face off with Tybalt?
Isn’t it just the right dish for a sweet goose?
Is it healthy to walk uncovered and breathe in the dampness of the morning?
Is this really happening?
Isn't a sheep’s grease as wholesome as a man’s sweat?
Yes, and that is surprising, because lovers are usually early.
It is too bad, Brutus, that you do not have mirrors that could display your hidden excellence to yourself.
He wants the child to accompany him on his wanderings through the wild forests.
It is good to have joy in such a joyless time.
The senate has decided to give mighty Caesar a crown today.
That is the way of the world.
You will soon be meeting Lorenzo at supper; he will be a guest of your new master.
And so the Jew may lawfully claim a pound of flesh nearest the merchant’s heart, to be cut off by him.
And leave you out?
Leave us, Publius, in case the people storming us should harm you.
The father of her father.
He can hold his fingers in a V shape like this, and Pyramus and Thisbe can whisper to each other through that little crack.
I hope he is studying his music like he is supposed to.
Make sure the servants are less friendly to his knights.
I would rather overload my liver with wine than starve my heart by denying myself fun.
Let no one suffer for this deed except us, the perpetrators.
Let’s be angry only long enough to do the deed, and then act like we are disgusted by what we had to do.
Let the wise man run away.
Make sure that the clowns do not ad-lib, since some of them will make certain dumb audience members laugh mindlessly at them.
Let’s do it with no show of anxiety, and with no fear.
Let us swear to our resolution.
And servants of the Danish king.
You will find I will give it to you very willingly.
And when I am king, remember to ask me for the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it, which my brother
Make sure to carry a prayer book in your hand and to stand between two priests.
Look, here is Publius, come to fetch me.
Love is a hundred and sixty times longer than normal.
Haven’t you made your other love, Demetrius, who kicked me with his foot not long ago?
Young girls call it “love-in-idleness.” Bring me that flower.
Are you the one who made him cheat on all of his other girlfriends, like Aegles, Ariadne, and Antiopa?
Young men never die.
I hope you are an expert in your field.
But how?
You may do whatever you want in the world.
Me too, Lord.
I say a hundred and forty.
I will too.
I like mine, but I am getting a little tired of it.
Mine too, to join hers.
I say two hundred.
Like a good doctor.
No one eat any onions or garlic.
You can do poor things that lead to rich results.
Does she have to die for this?
Should everyone who makes promises and breaks them be hanged?
My heart.
I will help you.
My deep trust in him made him untrustworthy, arousing in him a treachery as big as my trust was.
I will neigh like a horse and bark like a hound and grunt like a pig, and roar like a bear, and burn like a fire
Neither of them would take anything but the two rings.
Or in the power of reason.
We have not been able to meet on a hill or in a valley, in the forest or a meadow, by a pebbly fountain
You are not to utter a syllable of Tranio’s name.
Damn it!
You should sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies, enchanting everything you put in.
Now get on with your story.
Now that I think about it, Maria was the one who first told me you were insane.
Now that I have the boy, I will undo the spell that makes her vision so disgustingly wrong.
I will do it.
Now that I think about it, I really want it.
Now they have turned around and are heading for Cyprus.
And now, let’s turn to our business with the French.
Now who but you knows whether I am yours?
Now you know my meaning.
And now, my friends, my courageous and educated friends, do me one small favor.
Please, father, the question is still nagging at me. Why did you conjure up this storm?
You deadly cannons that roar like thunderbolts thrown by the gods, goodbye!
It is as hot as ginger.
And women.
That is the weakness I will use to get revenge on him.
When he strikes back at you, he will hit you as sure as you are standing there.
I know him; he wears a lock of hair.
Yes, as safe as her brothers' lives were.
If you would be willing to shoot another arrow the same way you shot the first, I will watch your arrow more carefully.
I will bandage up these wounds and swear I got them in the French wars.
But a stronger pity, for the wrongs committed against Rome, drove out our pity for Caesar, as fire drives out fire, and so we
Pluck off colorful butterfly wings, and use them to fan moonbeams away from his eyes as he sleeps.
He locks himself up alone in his bedroom, shuts his windows to keep out the beautiful daylight, and makes himself an artificial night.
Let me say that I once saw a Turk beating a Venetian, so I grabbed the Turk by the throat and hit him like this.
And yet you say that exile is not death.
He has given me a second life, and marrying her makes him a second father to me.
Have I ever been less than modest or appropriate to you?
Shall I include hell as well?
And shall our lively blood, quickened by wine, be so frosty?
You will be, or some people will suffer for it.
Yes, we will.
Juliet is just as in love as he is, but she has less opportunity to meet her lover.
She can cry, sir. How can she cry?
The moon sets at twelve, right?
She is very smart.
She is mine, and I am giving her to Demetrius.
The woman I love is beautiful.
You must be very obedient and keep crying.
Since our quarrel is with his future behavior, not what he does now, I must frame the argument like this: if his position is furthered
Since you know you can see yourself best by reflection, I will be your mirror and show you things inside you that you cannot see.
And smelled like that, too?
Goodbye, my lady.
Farewell, sir.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I will be right here.
I would have had to duel with Claudio.
So did I.
You too, lieutenant.
So will I.
Mine, too.
That is how it will be for some other men, too, who think they are as safe as you and I.
I am pleased with the way things have turned out, since I find all of this commotion very entertaining.
So far I have done exactly what I was supposed to do. I put the love potion on an Athenian’s eyes.
Goodbye.
Farewell, Signior Lucentio.
Katherina, you may stay.
Good morning to all of you.
Me too, but still, for the sake of good manners, I will say thanks for your company.
Mine did too.
Okay, I am ready.
And so he fainted.
He will come right away.
I am, I am.
And even then, in order for me to catch the fly your cousin, she must be blind.
I think we all do.
It is a good tragedy, very well done.
You are right, that is how it is.
It is.
No doubt he is, gracious madam.
It is the same with men.
Perhaps by some fluke he was saved.
Return to you and nothing else?
I think so.
That is correct, she did.
Why, you are absolutely right, cousin.
I do, my lord.
The lion disappeared.
That is true.
Then he shook Bassanio’s hand affectionately and they separated.
Absolutely, so long as he gets the girl.
Me too.
And so will I.
Good-bye.
With that, I hope God is with him.
And so, good Capulet, which is a name I love like my own name.
That is all there is to it.
Please, tell Beatrice to come out.
Goodbye, my lord.
With no money, but a little more wisdom, I am going back to Venice.
Without further ado, the best thing to do now is to shake hands and go our separate ways.
Some have greatness thrust upon them.
Sometimes she tickles a priest’s nose with a finger. Enough, enough!
When she takes a sip, I bob up against her lips and make her spill the drink all over her withered old neck.
And then throw the seeds in the sea to make more islands grow.
Yes, I will say it again, my lord.
Babbling senselessly?
Squabbling?
We owe you love and service forever.
Wait, Nurse.
I have much less to comfort me than you do, since I have lost my daughter.
Pay attention to what Caesar does and which men are close to him.
What lucky wind blows you in from Verona?
Tell the Dauphin his joke will look pretty stupid when thousands more weep than ever before.
The ghost is definitely something to worry about.
Isn’t that what they said?
When I work it over with magic spells, the drop will produce magical spirits that will trick Macbeth with illusions.
To show you that that is me, let me prove it a little even in this case.
That is Claudio.
The most important thing for you to think about is how beautiful his daughter is.
He does, and now he is taking revenge on you for breaking promises and for murder, too.
And that would get us all executed.
I would be surprised if he even did that, for he prefers sports, fun, and friends.
What irks me more than all these things put together is that he does it under the pretense of love, as though for me to eat
That is what you want me to do.
I have heard that is not the most nourishing food.
That is true too.
The best thing about me is that I am hardworking.
The business you began here needs you as well, especially the business with Cleopatra, which only you can attend to.
You saw how the beggar ran from the mutt?
In fact, I think they are meeting together right now.
Yes, he will, and the queen as well.
The most beautiful queen they have ever had.
Its tears are wet.
May the tongues of our critics rot!
And then Pyramus showed up.
Give them hefty meals of beef and iron and steel, and they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
Then he pulled a watch from his bag and, looking at it solemnly, said, “It is ten o'clock.
Then Antony offered it the third time.
His clerk, who went to a lot of trouble with the writing, begged for mine.
He is full of wise sayings and up-to-the-minute anecdotes. That is the way he plays his part.
Finally the new moon, curved like a silver bow in the sky, will look down on our wedding celebration.
As I vowed, I will unite the York and Lancaster families.
I hope you will be satisfied.
And then he will … wait, what was I about to say?
And then?
We will look for new friends and keep the company of strangers.
It takes on some other horrible form that drives you insane.
There is a messenger representing a fifth one, the prince of Morocco, who says the prince will be here tonight.
At Friar Lawrence’s cell she can make confession and be married.
Snakes shed their skin there, and the shed skin is wide enough to wrap a fairy in.
There were a hundred spooked women huddled together in fear who swore they saw men on fire walk up and down the streets.
That is what makes it “sensitive” news.
Give it a nice welcome, as you would give to any stranger.
So hurry up, because we have twenty miles to cover today.
Does that mean he is lazy?
That is why they say love is a child.
That is why paintings of Cupid, the god of love, always show him as blind.
Therefore, tell me, fairest Katherine, will you have me?
So that means she will come.
So go on, tell me the news.
Tell me what has been going on.
As long as she is herself, wise, beautiful, and faithful, she will always have a place in my heart.
Since I cannot amuse myself by being a lover, I have decided to become a villain.
That is why he went crazy.
She takes signs for warnings and predictions of terrible evils to come, and, on her knee, she begged me to stay home today.
Try to remember a few rules of life.
And now they are both gone.
You cannot deny evidence and argument. They have been around since Noah’s ark.
They have been plotting things together.
Whoever is most irritated by my foolishness has to laugh the hardest.
I was just knocking to see if anyone was home.
It might back up other evidence that may seem too flimsy.
You are lucky, my lord, to be able to see the peace and sweetness even in what bad luck has brought you.
Macbeth has heard this news and he is angry that he is preparing for war.
This is all because of our argument.
You have offered an excellent interpretation.
This is Metellus Cimber.
Take these too.
I will go straight to visit him.
Those who leave their valiant bones in France, dying like men though buried in your dunghills will be remembered.
You must think people are stupid if you believe they would not realize all the motives you have for trying to kill me.
You are not suited for any place except hell.
Let thunder flatten the spherical world, crack open all the molds from which nature forms human beings, and spill all the seeds from which un
Tell Ventidius I want to speak with him.
She is fierce, even though she is little.
And although we are giving these honors to this man so that he shares some of the blame for what we are doing, he will carry these honors
Even though you know I am very close to the Prince and Claudio, I will keep your counsel and deal with this secretly and justly.
They thought Margaret was Hero?
He will be like this for a while.
Then that is the way it may turn out.
She will start moaning, of course. Are you asleep, my love?
Your fall has left a blot that opens even the best and brightest to suspicion.
Your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his heir, a princess.
In the meantime I will tell you all, as honestly as I confess my sins to God, how I wooed this beautiful lady, and how
Before she began shedding tears all over her lovely face, she was the fairest creature in the world.
Time itself is ended.
To put it plainly, I am not quite sane.
If I ran away from the Jew, I would be following the advice of the devil himself.
Do you see how much your foolish wife means to him?
If you sink, you are dragging love down.
That is exactly why we wanted you here, your lordship, to avoid the public carping and complaints.
I will use that piece of rope to welcome you with.
So here is the plan.
Girls who marry so young grow up too soon.
Trinculo is drunk.
She is loyal, as she has proven.
Trust me, love, you look pale to me.
But you turn that sun into a shadow.
I will tell twenty lies like that, so men will think I graduated from school at least a year ago.
My lord?
Were you then happy to find shelter on a bed of hay along with swine and homeless bums?
We thought you ought to know about it.
We mean well by going to this masquerade ball, but it is not smart of us to go.
I understand perfectly his sneering reference to my wilder days.
Let’s see it.
We will raise your wages.
We will leave together, like friends.
Fair sister, will you go with the princes or stay here with me?
In prison we will outlast hordes of rulers that will come and go as their fortunes change.
And now you cry, even though she has risen up above the clouds, as high as heaven itself.
Everyone can say “welcome,” which is just a word.
Welcome, welcome!
If I were king of it, you know what I would do?
Who do you think is coming in here armed?
What is this useless ceremony of kings?
What is your connection with the traitors who landed in our kingdom recently?
What should I give you that would be equal to this rare and precious gift?
What do kings have that private men do not, besides the pomp of their position?
What hope is that?
What is that music?
And what of all this?
What about him?
Is that correct?
What oath do we need other than that we honest men have told each other that this will happen or we will die trying?
What did he say?
What did Surrey say to that?
What do you say to my suit?
What does my hidden wife say about our ruined love?
What am I supposed to do in Illyria?
I am afraid of what they might encourage him to do, considering the state he is in.
What about that?
What are you going to do now?
What are you going to do after you have spent your money?
If you have suffered in that disguise, I beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine, because if you had been what I
Who can say I am evil when my advice is so good?
What is her story?
What is new, cousin Lodovico?
The rest of my life will be nothing but bitterness.
Whatever happens tonight, do not talk about it.
When is he leaving?
I prepared to fight, and when he saw my excitement, or perhaps because my shouting scared him, he ran away suddenly.
When I do marry, I swear, it will be Romeo, whom you know I hate, rather than Paris.
When I get my reward, I will get out of here.
When I have sneaked up on my sons-in-law, then I will kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
When I raise my hand, you do the same, and bring it down on Gonzalo’s head.
His face will make the heavens so beautiful that the world will fall in love with the night and forget about the garish sun.
When I told you he was involved the whole time I was trying to get Desdemona, you were like, “Oh, really?
When will that be?
When will you see him again?
When she is unfaithful, selfish, and disobedient to his honest wishes, what is she but a loathsome, warlike rebel
When she put it on my finger, she made me swear never to sell it, give it away, or lose it.
When she speaks, doesn’t her voice stir up passion?
When she cries, all the little flowers cry too.
When she left just now, she said, “Take care of this poor fellow.” Fellow!
When that time comes, then you can mock me, but please do not pity me, because I will not pity you.
When the forked blue lightning seemed to break open the sky, I put myself right where I thought it would.
When the mind is engaged, the rest of the body, dead and dull before, wakes up and comes to life with a new sense of sensitivity
When has he ever been known to wash his face?
When you do, Cassius, calm down.
When you get married, I hope I can be married at the same time.
When evil is dominant, death soon kills the body like cancer.
Where is Cordelia?
Why are you noble, strong, and brave?
Why does Lysander deny that he loves you, when he loves you so deeply?
Take for life a fellow of pure faithfulness.
Who is England’s king but an heir of the great York?
Why didn’t you say “the swift steps” of time instead of the lazy foot?
How can Caesar be a tyrant?
Why, wise lady?
Why, sir, must he?
And yet she cheapens herself by turning her gaze on me, who cut her sweet prince’s life short and made her a widow?
Will you let me?
Do you want to destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend?
Being a man of your breeding, you are going to be married under some shrubs.
Will you have me?
I wanted to see you with laces crisscrossed over your legs.
On my honor, I swear I love Rivers with all my heart.
I will put the juice of this flower on Titania’s eyes, and fill her with horrible delusions and desires.
The night owl sat hooting and shrieking in the marketplace at noon.
Last night at dinner, you got up abruptly and paced back and forth with your arms crossed, brooding and sighing, and when I asked
But you are still complaining of darkness and a bad view?
As far as I can tell, people with too much suffer as much as people with nothing.
I do not think you are wrong to say as much, since you are the very embodiment of bravery.
I am wishing for something I already have.
I would not want to be you, uncle.
It is dangerous to make him try to make sense of the time he lost.
It is not so good, but only so-so.
I will still have plenty.
He lets the bird hop a little from his hand and then yanks him back by a string.
But I guess it does not matter.
I have seen her do it.
You are the one who wants to teach me about restraint.
I win her over.
I swear I am not the person I am playing.
To tell you the truth, reason and love have very little to do with each other these days.
That big ship over there looks no bigger.
There comes Caesar.
As you all know, overconfidence is man’s greatest enemy.
You have come at a good time, so you can convey my greetings to the senators and tell them I will not come today.
Good to see you, Signior Hortensio.
You have done well on land.
As you were on land.
You have to cut the flesh from his chest.
You will.
You will speak on the same platform as I do, after I am done.
And you, sweet Hero?
Hello, sir.
Hello to you, fair sister.
Thank you, sir.
You, good farmers, whose limbs were made in England, show us here the vigor of your upbringing.
You, sir, had me arrested over that necklace.
Hello, sir.
Hello to you, sir.
Hello to you.
You too.
Your experience makes you sad.
He is going to look like a total idiot.
Your lies caused this murder.
In exchange, give up your claim to love Helena, since I love her and will love her until I die.
Romeo ran away when Tybalt fell dead.
I am an honest man, and I swear that if we are lucky enough not to get hissed at, we will make it up to you
Since the gibe glanced off me, ten to one, it hit you both straight on.
I have separated them into groups around the island, just as you ordered.
It is good to have someone other than a mother listening in on them, since she can be too partial to him.
Now that I am done, Wall can go away.
Being men, the contents of Caesar’s will would enrage you.
All night long sleeps in peace.
The more you beat me, the more I will love you.
If he dies, his death serves him.
Military music and military rites will speak for his heroic qualities.
She locked you up in a hollow pine tree, with the help of her powerful assistants, and left you there for twelve years.
Friends, go your separate ways.
Noble friends, let’s kill him boldly but not with anger.
My sweet master, I received no gold.
Take this transformed ass’s head off of the head of that Athenian man, so that when he wakes up at the same time as
Good night, good boy.
Lieutenant, I think you know I am your friend.
Stay away for now, and good night, my sweet friend.
Listen!
Good friends, I thank you all for coming to see me wed this patient, sweet, virtuous wife.
I think that if I hadn’t been brave and strong, she would have turned me into a dog and made me her slave.
If she starts to drop off, I will rant and yell until I wake her up.
And, Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
God saw Benedick when he was hiding in the garden.
You will have enough of this.
Tonight, sir, I invite you to have dinner with me.
My dear sister, as long as the winds are blowing and ships are sailing, let me hear from you.
To get used to the life you will most likely be leading soon, get rid of your low-class trappings.
As you know, his connections, if he put them to good use, might be enough to hurt us all.
Andrew Aguecheek.
Oh angels, protect us!
Angels are still bright even though Lucifer, the brightest angel, fell from heaven.
Soon we will toast around the table.
I am coming, I am coming!
Then he will be calm and quiet as a dove waiting for her eggs to hatch.
I am at your service.
Peter!
More shouting!
It is another Hero!
Another hit.
I have another plan to make my bird come to me and recognize her owner’s call.
Answer when I call your name. Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer all of us, now.
Answer me straightforwardly.
Answer me in a word.
Answer me like men.
On my life, I swear to you that your youngest daughter does not love you the least.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock, both of you come forward.
Antonio is a good man.
I was never a thief or a pirate, though I admit I was your enemy for good reasons.
If I default, he will pay you.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I married a woman as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, you are under arrest on the orders of Count Orsino.
Antonio, oh my dear Antonio!
Antonio!
I do not worry about being deceived because I do not need to trust.
Only Antony was at fault.
Antony will go where his passion is.
Antony, it is time to stop your wild hedonism.
Any obstacle or barrier to Claudio’s happiness will be like medicine to me.
Any man who knows how to write can answer a letter.
Any strange creature there can be considered a man.
Anything that is mended is only patched up.
Anything.
Do you want to sleep?
Pharmacist!
Appear before me quickly. No talking.
Show yourself in the form of a sigh.
Come forward and speak.
Go into the bedroom and see for yourself.
Come at me in the form of a rugged Russian bear, an armor-plated rhinoceros, or a tiger from Iran.
Come here, Ariel.
Come on, Sir Andrew.
Come over here.
Have all your conquests, victories, triumphs, achievements come to so little?
Is he sane?
Do I deserve more than this?
Aren’t these woods less perilous than the court, with all its jealousies and intrigues?
That is you, right?
Are these our eyes?
Is there a scale here to weigh the flesh?
You are an absolute villain!
Are you really saying these things, or am I dreaming?
Are these wind instruments?
Did you inform them of that?
Are they all ready?
Is it good news?
Are they likely to get dusty?
Do you think they are married?
Aren’t they at this moment on the western shore helping the rebels land safely from their ships?
Have they come back?
Do they attract large audiences?
Are those my tents on fire?
Are we all here?
Are we all ready?
Could you have found two Romans as good as these two?
Are you an actor?
Are you a god?
Are you a rational human being?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the girl we speak of, yes or no?
Are you familiar with the case currently before the court?
So, to answer your question.
Delighted to stay?
Have you snuck over here to watch the wrestling?
It is your job in life to kill the innocent.
Are you beautiful?
Are you always so funny?
Are you all good and honest men?
It is.
Are you his brother?
You call yourself my wife, yet you do not call me your husband.
Were you born here?
So you are saying you are not a whore?
Are you a good man?
Aren’t you Kent?
Are you sick?
Are you going to take care of this thing now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you my daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so pious that you would pray for this man and his children?
You are in a hurry, are you?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure we are awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Is that you, wife?
Are you in your right mind?
Are you still set on marrying my brother’s daughter?
Are you dead yet?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, you have done your work exactly as I ordered.
Get up and tell me how you came here.
Wake up, wake up, ring a bell and wake up all the snoring citizens.
Get up, liar.
Get up, I tell you.
You need not kneel to me.
Get up.
Prepare yourself for this trip.
Get ready, my lord.
Should I arm myself?
Armed, sir.
It was armed, you say?
Fire!
Arms, make your last embrace.
Get away from me, witch!” the fat woman cried.
Arrest me if you dare.
Are you Lady Olivia’s fool?
Do you work in this house?
Are you rich?
Oh, you are a clergyman?
Are you a man?
Are you afraid to act the way you desire?
Are you scared?
You are less happy, being feared than they are in fearing you.
Are you satisfied, Jew?
Are you gone like that, my love, my lord?
Are you good at those kinds of things?
Are you his friend?
Are you indeed?
Are you educated?
Are you insane?
Are you my son?
Why did you come?
Are you with a Cornish company?
You are this poor and wretched and still afraid to die?
Are you that impatient?
Are you a god, an angel, or a devil, that you make my blood turn cold and my hair stand up?
Are you the slave who, with your slanderous words, killed my innocent child?
Is that you, Diomedes?
Are you acting boldly from hardship or because you despise good manners?
Are you wise?
They say Gloucester’s bastard son is.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
A town protected by a wall around it is worth more than a low-lying village.
What?
I weep for Caesar in that he was good to me.
You might as well try to stab the air with your sword.
If you ever had a mother, come in quickly to Sir John.
I am going far enough that I will be riding from now until dinner.
As for my wife, if only you had such a wife.
As freely, son, as God gave her to me.
I will run from this woman who claims to be my wife as fast as I would run from a bear.
Get up from your beds as if you were rising out of your own graves, and walk like ghosts to come witness this horror.
I am as good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good a reason as any.
Yes, just as great and just as recent.
When he laughs, Othello will go crazy.
I rejoice in his good fortune.
I honor him for being brave.
Dark as hell, Sir Topas.
You have my word as a gentleman that I will always be grateful to you.
Look: Benedick is so pale. Are you sick, or angry?
I swear I thought you meant you had been hurt physically.
As surely as I am the queen of Egypt, Antony, you are blushing, which means you are Caesar’s servant.
As I came down?
As I slept under this yew tree here, I had a dream that my master and someone else were fighting and that my master killed him.
As I was standing watch on the hill, I looked toward Birnam, and I thought I saw the forest begin to move.
It looks to me like it is burning in the Capulet tomb.
I swear to God it is true, sir.
I swear on my life and honor, he will sit here in the stocks until noon.
I only do well in these dangerous battles if my intention to repent and prosper is sincere.
According to what I heard, they had no travel plans as of last night.
As I remember, this should be the house.
From down here, I thought his eyes looked like full moons.
As I get to leech him, I will show mercy.
As moral as me.
She is calling out my name as if I were a bullet murdering her, just like I murdered her relative.
Time is not the one in debt.
As dumb as dirt.
As it dissolves, so shall my life.
The harvest comes shortly after that.
As long as heaven and nature extend it.
As long as Richard and Richard want it.
Like love, my lord, before it learns to love.
We will see, will we?
When I opened my eyes, I saw their swords out.
We are bound to each other in every possible way, except we need you to marry us.
I will give him equal thanks, so we are even.
The same to you, my lord.
I know you are loyal and honorable.
Yes, she saw me quite clearly.
The best men who ever walked on leather have walked on my handiwork.
Since she belongs to me, I can do what I want with her.
It is as strange as this other thing which I do not understand.
As clearly as I see you, my lord.
The poison is as sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle.
I hope you enjoy the same sweet peace and rest I feel in my heart.
Just like the rabbit, who lives where she is born.
Just as the ox has his yoke, the horse its bridle, the falcon a tether, a man has his desires.
I wish none of this had happened, given the situation here, and your rank.
As they pass by, grab Casca by the sleeve, and he will tell you if anything important happened today.
Messenger after messenger delivered news of your bravery to the king with praise for how you defended his country.
Yes, as much as you look like yourself.
Just as you got Milan, I will get Naples.
Please give me that goblet, if you love me.
I will do my best, madam.
I hope you both get drenched with a dew as evil as what my mother used to collect from the poison swamps.
As eagerly as I ever came from school.
However your wit and luck allow.
Just as I did with the meat, I will make up some problems with the way the bed is made, and throw the pillow one way,
Yes, as short as a woman’s love.
Since you are old and respected, you should be wise.
Just as you would like to have your sins forgiven, Indulge me, forgive me, and set me free.
I hope Demetrius comes to love you as much as you love him.
Judge for yourself.
Young though I am, I have been observing these three blowhards closely.
Climb up to her bedroom and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you will find me in a grave.
Apologize?
Do not ask me what I know.
Absolutely, you idiot.
Asses are made for bearing, and so are you.
Help us, good friends.
I have to go to England, do you know that?
The thing is definitely going to be sold.
No, really, I am not.
In short, I am not.
You will find us both at Crosby Place.
I will stop at every house.
From the highest to the lowest of you, I bid you a hearty welcome.
In the first act he is an infant, whimpering and puking in his nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock he will pay me for it.
He is at home, my lord.
Even more since you annexed my father’s house and lands.
Yes, on land you do outnumber me.
In the end I left them standing in the smelly pond behind your room, with the stinking water covering them up to their chins.
Finally, after shaking my arm a little, and jerking his head up and down three times, he sighed like it was his last breath.
It is possible in Denmark.
At least two hours past.
My own house, good lady.
I am crying at how unworthy I am to give you what I want to give you and to take what I am dying to have.
At my house.
Tonight we will have dinner.
We will meet again at nine in the morning.
Good night.
Let me choose now.
At Pembroke, or at Harfordwest in Wales.
Once at Sardis and once last night, here in Philippi fields.
I think it was at sea.
Many men seek their fortune at seventeen; at eighty, it is a bit late.
When he is there next time, I will send my daughter to see him.
We will meet at the giant oak tree in the duke’s forest.
Now all my enemies are at my mercy.
The beautiful Rosaline whom you love so much will be at Capulet's traditional feast, along with every beautiful woman in Verona.
I will do anything you ask, monster, anything reasonable.
As you wish, sir.
Whenever you like.
I will be at your service.
You are asking me.
Go escort the lords of France, Burgundy, Gloucester, and Gloucester.
Discipline must be kept.
Authority.
Come, Dromio, let’s go.
Go!
Be gone!
What is it, Laertes?
Leave us.
Awaken the memory of those valiant ancestors and with your own powerful arm make their deeds live again.
Wake up, wake up!
Wake up, I say.
Wake up sir, wake up.
Wake up!
Take me to the garden.
Take him away.
Take him away.
Take it away.
Get away with the doddering fool!
Take away the stools, the sideboards, and the plates.
Come with us to Athens.
Go away and let me die.
Go now and pretend to be a friendly hostess.
Away, away, be gone.
Look out, he is coming!
Away, get out of here.
Get busy, go!
Go!
Please go away, both of you.
Go, hurry.
We have to get out of here.
Leave, you little man.
Let’s go, then!
Go ahead, then.
Let’s get away, Tybalt.
Let’s get out of here!
Let’s go!
Go away!
Now get out of here!
Get away from me.
Get away from me, you ass.
Not a chance!
Damn it!
Now go!
That is the truth.
Oh, my, it is my husband.
I am divided between two friends who are determined to kill each other.
Oh my, what is the news?
Oh, honey!
Oh, no!
I am not dying yet.
That is true.
Yes, he is the one who first told me about her.
Definitely a tailor, sir.
Yes, a thousand times.
Amen to that.
Yes, and a brave one, who dares to look at something that would frighten the devil.
Yes, and a nice one at that.
Yes, and she was mild.
Yes, and be brief.
Yes, and he has been carried off the field.
Yes, that is why you have to die.
He is going to tame her.
Yes, and I will give it to him for free.
Yes, and I will do everything I said.
Yes, as you and the rest will find out as soon as he is home.
Yes, and it seemed twice as long to me, having been kept from your bed that whole time.
Yes, and these.
Yes, and you dared Caesar to fight the battle at Pharsalia, where he fought against Pompey.
Sure, and twenty others just like you.
Yes, and Wall too.
Yes, and be wise.
Are you considering desertion as well?
Yes, at Philippi.
Yes, yes, this is the rope ladder.
Three thousand dollars.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes!
Yes.
Yes, be content, good Touchstone.
Yes, better than you know me.
Yes, dear little chick, come along with me.
Yes, boy, I am ready.
Yes, boy.
Okay, but please not before me.
Yes, but now there is no way to calm him down.
Yes, but I know. What do you know?
Fine, but not enough.
Yes, but not out of fear.
Fine, but you were not harsh enough.
Yes, but the clerk will never do it unless he grows up to be a man.
Some of those lines had more feet than the others. That is not a problem: the feet can bear.
Yes, but the mustard is probably too hot.
Yes, but they do not see anything.
Yes, but these English are seriously short of beef.
Okay, but when?
But those political considerations might last such a long time that the general will forget my love and service, especially if I am gone and someone else has
Yes, I swear.
I certainly did, and I never wanted to see you again.
Yes, well, things could get better.
Yes, Caesar, but it is not gone yet.
Yes, Casca.
Yes, Celia, we kept her here for your sake.
Yes, Desdemona.
Are you afraid of that?
Oh, fine.
Yes, revered Queen.
Yes, every inch a king.
Yes, every man forward.
Yes, the state's half can be reduced, but not Antonio’s.
Yes, that is true.
Yes, gentle cousin, if it were light enough for you.
Please leave me.
Yes, good fool.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, he said something in Greek.
Yes, he was born at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Yes, that is the one.
Yes, his chest.
Yes, husband.
Yes, I am.
Yes, God be praised, I have managed to earn his favor.
Yes, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Yes, if a woman grows up to be a man.
Yes, if I am still alive, and you are still sane, and your dinner is worth eating.
Yes, if I know the language and the letters.
Yes, if Messala recommends me to you.
Yes, if the devil tempts you to do good.
True, if a fool such as yourself could find it.
Yes, if you want to help yourself.
Yes, if your memories do you no good.
Just as dogs and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, mutts, shaggy lapdogs, swimming dogs,
Yes, you have hurt me in the church, in the town, and in the fields.
Yes, really.
It is, I think.
I am not sure I can wait that long.
Yes, leeks are good.
Yes, Lepidus.
Yes, let her die and rot and go to hell tonight.
Yes, let the count take you in your bed.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, madam, but he will be back tonight.
Yes, madam, he lies beyond my reach.
Oh, ho!
Yes, madam, twenty different messengers.
I was born and raised less than three hours from here.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, madam.
I did, and now I have it!
Yes, they are.
Yes, go, I say, and bring him here.
I have it!
Yes, it is.
Yes, you are.
Yes, please, unleash your wisdom.
Okay, now it starts!
Yes, indeed, it was, and he pushed it away three times, each time more gently than the last.
Yes, but who is he?
Who was it?
Yes, sir.
Yes, he will weep stones, as he taught us to do.
I can read my own fortune in my misery.
Master, master, I have been on the lookout so long, I am ready to fall down dead.
Yes, and more.
Yes, mother, but I wish I had not.
Yes, my master.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my lord, if you give us permission.
Yes, my lord, if you would like.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, and calfskin too.
Yes, sir.
Yes, noble lord.
Yes, now I am in Arden, and that makes me the bigger fool.
Yes, I swear.
For that reason he sends you this good news, that this very day your enemies will die at Pomfret.
Yes, on his front.
Sure, or anything else you show him.
That is right, drinking, swearing, fist-fighting, visiting prostitutes, that kind of thing.
Or stuff what he says into their pockets.
Yes, but no doctor can help me.
Yes, pilgrims have lips that they are supposed to pray with.
Yes, for three months.
Yes sir, I am fairly witty.
Yes sir, thank God.
Yes, sir, I have often been to Pisa—Pisa, City of Wise Men.
Yes, sir, it is all too true, God help us.
The leader of the team; the one who gets you if you can't pay a debt; the one who assumes people are always going to bed
Yes, sir, they are ready.
Yes, sir, we are part of her entourage.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes, I think that is true.
That is just what I thought.
Yes, your Majesty.
We will.
Yes.
These vows are just traps for stupid birds.
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he was.
Yes, Petruchio.
Yes, that is the way I will do it.
You mean cut off their heads, take their maidenheads.
Yes, here it is.
There is the problem.
Yes, those are the best clothes.
Yes, you poor ghost, as long as I have any power of memory in this distracted head.
Sure, to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest.
She is dead to me.
Mountains do not tremble, however much the wind may blow.
Yes, a little too sweet.
The power of beauty can more easily change a good girl into a whore than the power of goodness can change a beautiful girl into a virgin.
Yes, we talked for a couple of hours.
Yes, very well, sir.
Yes, certainly.
Yes, what about it?
That counts for everything.
That is right, except for the widow Dido.
Yes, right away.
Yes, with Cassio.
See how well she can turn?
Yes, you have been a ladies' man in your time.
Yes, you would beg, if you were in my position.
Yes, and do not let anyone in, or else I will break your head.
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Yes indeed.
Good luck, fair gentleman.
Yes, sir.
Still fight you and embed your lies back in your hellish heart.
You cannot go back into the house unless you want to fight with me. If you are willing to do that, you might as well just go
Go back, slave, or I will knock you across the head.
The world is a bad place, where you cannot speak what you know.
Bad news, my lord.
I told him to come back and talk to me in a bit, and he promised he would.
Bathe his filthy head with warm, scented water.
Banquo and Donalbain.
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
If your soul is going to make it to heaven, tonight is the night.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman—one to whom my father is not completely unknown—and lovely as his daughter is, she is entitled to any
Stop Harry of England, who is now sweeping through our land with banners drenched in the blood he spilled at Harfleur.
Barnardo has taken my place.
Is that Barnardo?
Have I lost my wit?
Paying debts is for peasants.
Dissolute lowlife, you will die.
Bassanio told him he would try to hurry back.
A basting.
I beg your pardon, except for the widow Dido.
It will be as the gods see fit.
So be it.
Live in the moment.
May they relieve a sick old man's suffering.
Be angry whenever you like, it is all right with me.
Let’s follow him.
Rest assured that we are going there to use our hands, not our tongues.
I assure you he can.
Pay attention.
You should be ready when you are ready, if you are inclined.
Change into better clothes.
Be violent, bold, and firm.
Be bold, and get ready.
Explain, but do it fast so that your puny store of kindness isn’t used up by talking about it.
Be quick for a while and let the one who lives the longest take everything.
Stay close by when we wake him up.
I have spelled it out for you clearly.
May you choke on any other sentiments like that?
Be loud and obnoxious.
Calm down.
Be calm, dear lady.
You can relax, ma'am.
Be pointed and brief.
Be eloquent on my behalf.
If you are joining together to right these wrongs, I will go as far as any one of you.
I hope that you will send him back home soon.
Be kind to her.
Go home!
Be happy.
You can decide that privately.
Let us do that, Lysander.
So be it.
Kent can speak rudely when Lear goes mad.
Be kind and polite to this gentleman.
Be free and happy.
Be brave like the lion and proud.
Be merciful to mortal men.
Be merciful and say “death.” Exile is much worse than death.
Stay near me so I will remember.
Do not be scared.
Do not be afraid of greatness. That was well written.
Do not be afraid, even though you see me with a weapon.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be disturbed by my illness.
Snap out of your daze.
Do not be offended.
Don’t be so quick to twist my meaning.
Do not be cruel, Demetrius.
Do not delay.
Do not be late.
Do not be too tame, either. Let your good sense guide you.
As long as you are not ashamed to show it, he will not be ashamed to tell you what it means.
Buck up, boy!
Be content.
Be patient until I finish.
Be patient, because the prize I am leading you to will make you forget how smelly you are now.
You should be able to endure this because the world is broad and wide.
Be patient, because you are staying with me.
Relax, gentlemen.
Stay calm.
Since,  To get back to the matter at hand, what do you think of our proposal?
Be quiet and depart.
Be quiet, people.
Let’s assume that she has a reason, which you do not know yet.
Take my advice.
Calm down.
Be quiet.
Get to the point, since we already know the truth.
Be invisible to everyone except yourself and me.
Be the person you know you are, and you will be as powerful as this person you fear.
Are all the cups and glasses in their places, the tablecloths laid out, everything in order?
Are these the people that we threw dice for?
Let this anger sharpen your sword.
Whether you are a good spirit or a cursed demon, whether you bring heavenly breezes or blasts of hell fire, whether your intentions are good,
I will do everything I can for you, Cassio.
Be friendly to people, but do not overdo it.
You will be my witness that I have been forced, as Pompey was, to wager all of our freedoms on one battle.
Whether your mouth is black or white, Do-dee, dee-dee.
Be honest and helpful, and I will repay you for your efforts.
Be brave and do well.
Take a tip from me, then.
Be careful.
If you are smart, you will go home.
Be my witness, oh you blessed moon.
If you make the accusation convincingly, then my cunning will not fail me.
You can be a nun, but I will be mute.
Are your tears wet?
Whether you are sad or merry, the intensity of either suits you like no one else.
Cheer up and be at peace.
Take away this body, and do what I say.
Carry him away.
Bring him my head.
Remain calm until midnight, and then you will see what the trouble is.
Take it to your master and bring him home immediately.
Take me to the man my husband is in debt to.
Carry me, good friends, to where Cleopatra is.
Do it well, and then leave us.
Carry them away.
Greet the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes, your hands, and your words.
Be patient with him.
Please put up with my weakness.
Do you remember her face?
Beat him up.
You will beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat.
Beatrice, I swear, I am going.
Fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money.
I did not want to watch while you gouged out his poor old eyes with your cruel fingernails, or while your vicious sister sank her
Because my name is George.
Just because I am familiar with you sometimes and let you fool around and joke with me, you try to take advantage of my affection.
Because you are like the lowborn fellow who strikes the bell.
Because their business lies outside the home.
Why does it not have eight?
We come here to help you and you treat us like thugs, but you let an African horse climb all over your daughter.
I would like you to avoid it because you do not like it, and because it is not to your taste, and because it does not agree
I am ready.
I swear to God he is very smart.
She is a fine woman, all right.
I will put up my shield and battle you.
I swear to God, if I hadn’t seen this with my own eyes, I would never believe it.
It is always like this in times of change.
Let’s not argue here in front of both our armies, which ought to see nothing but love between us.
Before your sentence has been completed?
Before I saw Lysander, Athens seemed like paradise to me.
Before you can say “Come,” and “Go,” and breathe twice, and shout “So, so!
I feel tortured by all this talking.
Ask your daughters for another one.
Well, then, I thank you, though I am such a beggar that even my thanks are not worth much.
Are you and your lovebirds starting to pair up?
Are you starting to challenge me?
Go!
Leave.
Go!
She was tricked, divorced, wronged, and killed.
Within an hour, one of my men will come to you behind the abbey wall and give you a rope ladder.
I will hide behind the tapestry to hear what they say.
Look and see.
Look, how she blushes like a virgin.
Look, his noble blood is still on it.
Take in the wheeled canons with their deadly gaping mouths trained on the walled city of Harfleur.
Picture the linen sails driven by the invisible and subtle wind as they pull the vast hulls through the wrinkled sea.
Look at this man.
Look, here I have Macbeth’s cursed head.
Look, I have a weapon, the best sword a soldier could have.
Look, sir.
Look, here are the boxes, prince.
Here is mine.
Look!
But now I must condemn it.
As I was working on one musty room, the Prince and Claudio entered.
Today is a holiday, so the beggar’s shop is closed.
His position is hopeless.
Because we were unprepared for the king’s visit, we were not able to entertain him as well as we would have wanted to.
Believe me on my honor and keep my honor in mind, so you may believe me.
Believe me, I am not.
I am serious, I can't.
Believe me, I would rather have lost a purse full of gold coins.
Believe me, King of Illusions, I made a mistake.
I do not think he would have any choice, my lord.
No, that is not it, trust me.
I would be peering over maps to figure out the best ports, piers, and waterways.
How handsome it is.
They certainly do like to butt heads.
Do not believe any of us.
Do not believe in this.
Believe me, then, that I have special powers.
In heaven.
It was probably just a rumor.
Probably because my cheeks' roses needed rain, which I could easily give them with all the tears in my eyes.
His wife probably did it on purpose because she knows what kind of fits he is having.
It is probably a noble gentleman stopping off in mid-journey, thinking to spend the night here.
It probably has something to do with… I do not know.
They probably received warning about how much I stirred up the people.
This man is probably like that.
This pantomime was probably a summary of the play.
You probably killed a lot of his men.
Bellario sends his greetings.
My friends, are you all Lady Olivia’s servants?
My dear Regan, your sister is not worth anything.
Your true demonic features are distorting your body.
God bless you.
Benedick, did you notice Signior Leonato’s daughter?
Benvolio, who started this fight?
Please, father, I beg you.
Damn him!
Damn that Toby!
God, I am crazy about her.
I would never do such a bad thing, not for the whole world.
Curse my very heart, but I think you should be happy in this second marriage, because it is better than your first.
Also, I have kept my sword unsheathed since I saw this.
In any case, Antonio assured the duke they were not with Bassanio on his ship.
He brings his fate with him.
Besides, his cottage, his flocks, and his grazing rights are on sale, and since he is not there, there is nothing to eat
Besides, I have some business to take care of in town.
Besides, I do not like you.
Therefore, out of mercy, the Constable urges you to remind your men to make their peace with God and repent, so that their souls may depart
Even if he had the money now, the Jew probably wouldn’t take it.
My servants might overhear, and old Gremio is still hanging around, so we might be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard and calloused.
Besides, she treats me more respectfully than the other servants.
Besides, the king’s name is a tower of strength; the opposition does not have that advantage.
Besides, he is young and handsome, and he has all the qualities that naïve and silly girls go for.
According to the French historians, King Pepin, who deposed Childeric, based his claim to the crown on his descent from Blithild
There is no king, however pure his cause, who can rely on using completely blameless soldiers.
Besides, they are fresh.
They act as outward consciences and preachers to us all, a visible reminder that we should prepare ourselves for death.
On top of that, they have either burned or carried away everything that was in the king’s tent.
Besides, you have gotten unreliable.
With him out of Venice, I can make whatever bargains I want when I lend money.
You will always be welcome.
Fear will keep you safe.
You should bring the messenger safely through the lines so he can return.
Do whatever you like with it.
I have been stripped of everything, betrayed.
We killed those men and sent them to rest in peace so that we could gain our own peace.
You may come across better food, but not a warmer welcome.
It would be better to be delirious and unaware of anything.
It would be better if they were all on his father’s side, or that there were none on his father’s side.
It would be better for Macbeth to rule than someone like me.
It is never too late to change.
It would have been better for you not to have been born at all than to displease me as you did.
Making your loss greater makes the person who caused it worse.
What is the difference?
Beware Macduff.
Do not be quick to pick a fight, but once you are in one, hold your own.
Beware of March 15th.
Beware the thane of Fife.
The things she has shamelessly hurled on me are beyond imagination.
Bianca’s love made me trade places with Tranio while he masqueraded as me around town.
Quiet, everyone.
Say goodbye to your sisters.
Remind Richard of this, and he will weep.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to put her mind at rest.
Tell him to bring his pen and his inkwell to the jail.
Tell him to gather together the greatest army he can muster in a hurry and meet me right away at Salisbury.
How old is she?
Order him to advance his forces first, and we will follow.
We have lost, and the indignity we have endured, for which he is too insignificant to sufficiently pay us back.
Say goodbye to me.
Tell me to tear up this contract.
If we welcome our punishment, we punish it right back by seeming to take it lightly.
Tell the actors to hurry.
Tell them to capture me, then sell my bones.
Tell the army to flee.
Order them to escape.
Have them come in.
Order them to move back.
Put on a happy face, and welcome your friends.
He is shouting at the wind to blow the earth into the sea, or make the sea flood the earth.
The horsemen stand frozen like candlesticks, torches in their hands.
Tie up his withered arms.
Tie him up, I tell you.
Bandage my wounds.
What about it?
I hope night shadows your day, and death takes your life.
Bleed, bleed, poor country.
God bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
God protect you from tornadoes, evil stars, and diseases.
God bless you, Bottom, God bless you.
Bless your five senses!
God help me.
Bless you, fair lady.
Good lord!
His love is blind, so it belongs in the dark.
God bless you!
I hope sores cover your tongue for a wish like that.
Bloodshed will force you to.
Bloody, inhuman villain!
Boatswain!
I wish I could make a mistake. My soul is calling out my name.
Priest.
Borachio.
Take Cupid’s wings and fly higher than the average man.
He loves them both.
You both know Banquo was your enemy.
Now he will not give me either.
You have the sacred power to cure both of us.
The table is full on both sides.
Both of which, master constable, you have.
The wind is right and it is high tide, and I have delayed him a long time already.
They both begin with the letter “R.” Ah, you jokester, that is the dog’s name.
Both you and the king might have ordered us to execute your command, instead of asking us so politely.
Both, both, my girl.
That these crimes are punished so quickly is proof.
Both?
Bottom!
Endless greed and lust in a man’s nature is a kind of tyranny.
Boy, your words cannot excuse the harm you have done to me.
Boy!
Disrespected in my own house by a spool of thread.
You would break a date with your beloved by a whole hour?
Let Merriman catch his breath. The poor dog is foaming at the mouth.
Let me be brief here.
After a brief time, as he is a strong, brave man.
Getting right to the point, I live near the Capitol.
In a minute, sir.
Fast work and a little luck are all I need. Brother, could I have a word with you?
Better to have an extra servant on hand than be understaffed.
May you only give birth to male children, because your fearless spirit should create nothing that is masculine.
Let the ship sail close to the wind.
Bring him with us.
Go ahead, then.
Bring him to me in silence.
Take him safely through the lines.
Let’s carry him to his house.
Bring him here dead or alive within the next year, or get out of my land.
Go get it and bring it to me here in the orchard.
If that is what you mean, I will melt this gold and pour it down your throat.
Find a father who loved his child as overwhelmingly as I loved Hero and ask.
Take me to the edge of it, and I will reward all your troubles with something valuable.
Bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides.
Don’t bring me any more reports.
Take me to Antony.
Take me to Octavius.
Bring me his answers quickly.
Bring the villain forward.
Bring them to me.
Bring the ship’s captain to the castle.
Bring us the letters.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, isn't that dawn breaking over there?
Brother, you have made a mistake.
Brother— Quiet.
Good night, brother.
Brother, hey!
Brother, I am giving you good advice.
Brother, I will go and bring it to you.
Brother Duke, please have some food.
Your uncle, Duke Menaphon, the famous soldier, brought me here.
Did you accompany Caesar home?
She would not want her forehead to be any lower.
Battered armor, be off.
Brutus, and “Caesar.” What is so special about “Caesar”?
You have broken my heart.
You are smart, though, and if you were sick, you would take what you needed to get better.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus will lead, and we will follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus speaks.
Brutus, may I have a word with you?
Brutus, do not provoke me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Cast spells with them, and “Brutus” will call up a ghost, as well as “Caesar.”
Do not go,” says my conscience.
Be sure to burn his magic books.
Burn!
It must be a spirit.
Nevertheless, it is all one. The two rivers are as alike as my fingers are to my fingers, and there are salmon in both.
But now it has stopped.
But not in heaven.
They are not.
But this whole thing is strange.
It is not nice when women misbehave.
But goodbye.
Finally, the ceremony done, he called for wine.
All of you, remember what you have said and prove yourselves true Romans.
As soon as the sun rises in the east, my sad son comes home to escape the light.
Lecherous Cleopatra, may all the charms of love soften those withered lips!
Their story is bizarre and astounding, but it is solid and consistent.
Everything you told me I already knew.
Antonio is certainly ruined.
Have my brother-in-law’s troops been mobilized?
Are there healthy men whom we have to make sick?
Are they all safe?
Are you truly in love as your poems declare?
Are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice that much?
But you are all wound up about fashion, too.
Did you notice how ready he was to hire good tutors for her?
Are you drowned, Stephano?
But even so, we cannot do without him.
Everything is mortal, including the foolishness of love.
I want to tell you the truth, and now that I think about it, I think this is true. I came here with Hermia.
As sane as me?
I swear, at the moment I cannot tell you how I ended up here.
Prepare yourself for some unpleasantness.
He lost both, my lord.
Damn my suspicious thoughts!
I have served you since childhood, but I have never done you a better service than telling you to stop.
But brother Anthony, do not, it is no big deal.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
Before I could break up the fight, Tybalt was killed.
By the grace of God, she is mine.
His navy rules the sea.
Do you think that is what he is aiming for?
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Good old lord Gonzalo, as you call him, is saddest of all, with tears running down his beard.
Come along, though.
Whatever misfortunes occur, they can't ruin the joy I feel with one look at her.
Here, I will tell you my plan in my carriage, which is waiting for us at the gate.
Come, my lord, let’s go.
Come on, inconsistent young man, come with me.
Come on, let’s see you do your dance.
But they are dead, and you killed them, you slave of the devil.
I never spoke the whole time.
Did you tell him she cheated on him?
Didn’t you expect us to cut the cloth?
Do you really think the Prince would treat you that way?
Did you see them dead?
Did you listen to all that poetry without even wondering about what your name is doing on all these trees?
Did your sister die of love?
Do not go.
Do not expect any more than that.
Do not do that.
Do not spoil the justness and virtue of our endeavor nor weaken our own irrepressible spirits by thinking that we need a binding oath.
But sir, have you married my daughter without my consent?
You would better get me. But does he know that I am here in the forest and dressed in men’s clothing?
Stay down, heart.
Either the lovers have different social standings.
Before they reached us, let me say no more.
But before we reached the end point, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I will sink!” And just as
But goodbye.
I have to say goodbye to you now.
But goodbye.
Men who are rich make their children kind.
Do not be afraid to take the crown that belongs to you.
Not many, and no one important.
I will release the fairy queen from the spell.
But first, I will dump this man in his grave, then return to my love weeping with grief.
I am a fool. Let’s go, Lorenzo. Goodbye for now.
But for a fine, elegant, graceful, and excellent dress, yours is worth ten of those.
Despite all this, your daughters will give you a lot of money in the coming year.
I know he holds me dear, but I have not asked him about the coronation, and he has not told me.
As for my daughter Katherine, this much I know: she is not for you.
What about the bloody handkerchief?
I wish I could forget about the handkerchief.
But back to that argument you mentioned.
Absolutely, he is stuffed, like a dummy.
But for the whole world?
Tell me, which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me?
As for your husband, he is noble, wise, and judicious, and he understands what the times require.
But for your private satisfaction, because I love you, I will tell you.
But your words are as sweet as honey. You have stolen from the bees and left them with nothing.
Stop, I say.
Go away now.
Let’s shake hands.
Do you mean what you are saying?
Good lieutenant, is your general married?
They left me and my servant tied together.
Have you put the love juice from the flower on the eyes of that Athenian?
Did I fall or not?
But don’t I have good reason to cry?
Have you both given me up?
The snail already has its horns, which prevents nasty rumors from spreading about his wife’s infidelity.
As a gentleman and a soldier, he has promised me he will not hurt you.
He told me to get lost and threatened to hit me, kick me, or kill me.
He loves Caesar best, but he also loves Antony.
He says he still loves and respects you, and based on his own feelings alone, he is looking for an opportunity to safely take you back.
He is sleeping.
If you steal my reputation, you are robbing me of something that does not make you richer, but makes me much poorer.
The devil that tempted you gave you no reason why you should commit treason other than to win the name of traitor.
If you believe everything they say, you will not be saved by half of what they do.
Well, the poor man died by your first order, which was carried by a winged messenger.
Listen to me, Gratiano.
But, oh, heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
Welcome, Mark Antony.
And here comes father.
But here she comes.
Here they come.
Here is a paper with Caesar’s seal on it.
Here comes a scoundrel who says he saw me at the marketplace and that I beat him, told him I had given him a thousand marks
But his frail heart, too weak to grapple with such a conflict between joy and sadness, gave out.
But insincere men, like horses who are too lively at the start of a race, make a big show of their spirit.
How did you want it made?
How did she react to all this?
How is it possible that you still remember this, through all the darkness of the past?
How long will her beautiful life last?
How long will “ever” last?
How is it possible that Prospero is alive and well on this island?
But how?
How will we keep it from being passed now, my lord?
But shhh!
I am as immovable as the northern star, whose stable and stationary quality has no equal in the sky.
I am sorry I have blurted all this out.
I have been sent to find the people whose names are written on this list, and I cannot read.
I am a hired hand. I do not profit from the flocks I tend.
Please forgive me, your highness.
I know why a snail carries its house on its back.
But I will tell you that lately the duke has been displeased with his niece, and for no other reason than that people praise her virtues
I agree, sir, that we were locked out.
I bet Fortinbras will win the election to the Danish crown.
I see you are troubled.
I do believe it is the husband’s fault if we wives cheat on them.
I do not feel anything.
I would rather abstain from everything for four days than drink so much in one.
There is reason for me to look more closely at this schoolmaster.
I have often heard him argue that when sons are at their prime and their fathers are declining, the sons should be their fathers' guardians and manage
I do not have any good sides.
But I spoke with someone who saw Cawdor die, and he said that Cawdor openly confessed his treasons, begged your highness
I have a legitimate son a few years older than this one, and I do not love him any more than I love my bastard.
However, this does not mean you are looking to get married, does it?
If I know nothing about pity, that must mean I am not an animal.
All I know is that staying up late is staying up late.
I could see that Cupid’s fiery arrow was put out by watery, virginal moonbeams.
I will tell you this very plainly: I have challenged Claudio, and either he will accept the challenge or admit he is a coward.
I know you would never force me to tell you things I do not want to, so I should be polite and tell you what I can.
Please tell him how well I faked a faint.
Please excuse me. Yes, I am talking about Launcelot.
Please tell me, is my boy alive or dead?
Please tell me, who is his best friend?
Please tell me, can you read anything you see?
I have to remember that I am here on Earth, where doing evil is often praised, and doing good is sometimes a stupid and dangerous mistake.
I beg your pardon.
But soon I will see the gods punish you for your lack of respect to your father.
My daughter should know about this, so she can be prepared with an answer just in case.
I will not leave this spot, no matter what they do.
I will punish them thoroughly.
I will linger.
I will tell you at a better time.
I will marry you under different circumstances, with extravagant festivals, public festivities, and celebration.
I will write again to Mantua, and I will keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
I will warm myself by blowing on the fire.
Still, I would hate to see my former dreams return.
I, who have never known how to beg and never had to beg, am starved for food, dizzy with lack of sleep, kept awake
I should have been a woman.
I will punish you so harshly that you will regret causing me this loss.
He is not your man.
I will scratch out your eyes, even if they could fly.
I will go in.
I will stop rebuking you.
I will see you soon.
Even if they do not, at least Hero’s supposed death will stop the rumors of her infidelity.
If he is nearby, I want an explanation.
If he had not been drunk, he would have really roughed you up.
If I gave my wife a handkerchief, then what?
If I were smart enough to get out of this forest, I would be wise enough to satisfy myself.
If it is a sin to be selfish about honor, I am the most guilty soul alive.
The only possible interest I could take in you would be to hit you on the head with a stool, paint your face with blood, and make
If she can't love you, sir?
If I am myself, then I know for sure that your weeping sister is not my wife.
If the cause is not just, the king himself will have a lot to answer for when all those legs and arms and heads chopped off in battle
If we have reasons that are strong enough to ignite cowards into action and to make weak women brave, then what else could we possibly need?
If you die before I return, you will have made a mockery of my efforts.
If you have sex with her before the marriage ceremony takes place, the heavens will not bless your relationship, but will overwhelm you with hate, contempt
If your love was anything like mine—and I am sure that no man has loved as I love now—exactly how many ridiculous actions did
Even if we fail at that, we can still fight him on land.
If you remember, I did not tell you to parody the style.
If you decide not to marry me, you will marry this faithful shepherd instead.
If you fail, you have to leave immediately.
If you have the stomach for it, you will have all the help you need.
If you did not know about it, then you were wrong to get mad at us.
I will admit I do not care for you.
I will accept no apology until experts in matters of honor show me how to make peace with you without staining my own reputation in doing so.
As it stands, I wish I could believe it was not.
In this case of wooing, a child shall father his own father if my wits do not fail me.
Since your father does not want him to marry you, you have to consider Demetrius to be the better man.
In your daughter’s womb, I will bury them.
Actually, an old religious uncle taught me how to speak, and he was brought up in the city.
Is all of this about your father?
Is he often like this?
Does anyone else want to see this, and hear breath wheezing out from broken ribs?
What is the upshot of her admiration?
But how?
My hair looks good, doesn’t it?
All ladies love me, except you.
It is not treason for an Englishman to cut off a French crown.
It does not matter.
Oh well.
But it is true. I do not want to get all mushy and go on and on, but the good Antonio, the honest Antonio,
But not for long; Charles will take care of everything.
It is enough to know that the day will end, and then the end will be known.
The critics and I found it to be an excellent play, with well-ordered scenes that were clever but not fancy.
But you would be more honorable if you changed your mind.
He would feel even better if I could tell him that you had left Antony and put yourself under his protection.
But jealous people do not think like that.
I will tell you that I seduced Margaret, the Lady Hero’s waiting woman, tonight.
Leave it to God.
Instead, lend it to me as your enemy.
I did not want you to think that I am hasty in my emotions.
I would better stop up my ears against this siren’s song.
Let her live.
Hurry!
Let it go. Now, Litio, it is your turn.
Let me hear the letter from your friend.
Let me try my luck on the boxes.
That is another story.
Let them judge us however they please.
We must form a better opinion of ourselves if our uprising can pull the attention away from that Egyptian widow.
If I am killed, it will only be the death of a man who was willing to be dead.
Life itself, my wife, and the whole world are more valuable to me than your life is.
If a man becomes weary of these obstacles, he can always kill himself.
Not much.
Do this: find your brother wherever he is.
But Macbeth is.
But you can make it up to me.
All this conversing has turned men into tongues—and fancy ones, at that.
Poor me, what a terrible tragedy is here.
Men tend to interpret things however suits them and totally miss the actual meaning of the things themselves.
But still, my uncle-father and aunt-mother have got the wrong idea.
Nature would produce its harvests in abundance to feed my innocent people.
When you are with him, your angel is weakened and easily frightened.
It is only just now nine o'clock.
The next day I explained all this to him, which was as good as begging his pardon.
No metal—not even the executioner’s axe—could ever be half as sharp as your hatred.
I will not let myself fall for him any more than your permission allows.
No more spooky visions! Where are the messengers?
He received me with courtesy and sufficient respect, but not with affection, nor with as much open and friendly conversation as he once greeted me.
Not a member of the royal family, like me.
Listen to me, signor.
But you should hurry anyway.
In the factory of thought, create the image of all London pouring forth into the streets.
But now I see our weapons are like straws, our strength like a straw’s weakness, and our weakness past comparison, so that
Just a minute ago I was the owner of this beautiful mansion, master of these servants, and queen over myself.
I have joyful news for you, girl.
The way he has divided the kingdom recently, nobody can tell which of the dukes he favors more.
My eyes, which I have darted at you, have not left a mark.
Yes, the duke of Buckingham and I have just returned from visiting him.
But now they rise from the dead with twenty fatal head wounds and push us off our stools.
Now, Baptista, let’s turn to your younger daughter.
But now, I tell you, keep it to yourself. Those enemies of mine are being put to death today, and I am better than I
What do you say to my request?
Yes, just now, my lord.
We can talk more about that tomorrow, when we will discuss matters of state that concern us both.
It makes me bitter to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
How odd it is to have to ask for my child’s forgiveness.
But, what a deceiver he turned out to be!
There is justice in heaven after all.
A lot of old people act like they are already dead. Sluggish, slow, fat, and colorless, like lead.
I cannot be too obvious about being on your side without risking the life of your stepbrother, young George.
Just one glass.
I will fight every one of these devils if I have to, one at a time.
One word more— He will not be commanded by you.
I had only one child, one poor child, and one loving child. The one thing I had to rejoice and comfort myself was death.
It will damage your reputation with them, and under ordinary circumstances it would be unfortunate to have them see you as an ogre.
It is definitely Maria’s handwriting.
Love gives them power, and time gives them the chance to meet, sweetening the extreme danger with intense pleasure.
Only describing what you have ruined.
Please tell me who it is.
Please, tell me: is he coming home?
I think that even if it were not on record, the truth would be remembered from one generation to the next, all the way to Doomsday.
Is it lunchtime?
I can only repeat what I have said before.
You know that we parted only seven years ago, in Syracuse.
But will it be soon?
Can I have some hope?
But will I wear these honors for only a day or will I enjoy them for a long time?
Miranda is so much more beautiful, you can't even compare the two.
She is not a virgin.
She is now Mark Antony’s wife.
Instead, she puts flowers in the boy's hair and makes a fuss over him.
She, your subject, hates such a king.
Ships are fragile boards, and sailors are just men.
Since Laertes is better, we have given him a handicap.
I am ready to suffer peacefully whatever he does to me in his cruelty and anger.
Since this has happened, you should fix it for your own good.
Since the affairs of men are always uncertain, let’s think about the worst that may happen.
But major issues must come before minor ones.
Wait a minute.
Wait, look!
Be quiet for a minute.
Please wait a minute.
What is this?
Wait a minute.
But go on.
Please tell me, are you speaking seriously?
Tell me, Egeus.
Wait!
Do not stick your head out into the public street to stare at the Christian fools with painted faces.
Get ready to leave.
Give them a good dinner and look after them well.
I am afraid we will never get him to agree to be king.
It was just that the showiness of his grief sent me into a fury.
I laugh at any weapon used by a man who was born from a woman.
But taste my story, and relish it by paying attention.
Tell me honestly, are you sure you are not insane?
Tell me this: don’t you know my voice?
Tell me, is young George Stanley alive?
It is obvious.
Tell us, did you hear anything about Antonio's loss at sea?
If I weren’t forbidden to tell you the secrets of
No, that I do not remember.
If it is not double-dealing, sir, I wish you would deal me another.
How strange that Beatrice should seem to know who I was and yet not know at the same time.
But constant expression of wild grief will only make it tame, so I am not going to say any more about my boys until I have gouged
Two men complimenting each other is like two baboons getting together.
We age and die because they wear us out.
But you do not love me.
She was your boot-wearing mistress, and now that she is getting married to Theseus, you have come to celebrate their marriage.
No matter, I will get back at him soon enough.
If you see a wheel going uphill, latch on for the ride.
The really unbelievable thing is that this is incredible. As most unbelievable things are.
Yes, but I did not see anything wrong, and I heard every syllable they said.
Companions in sorrow alleviate our grief.
No beautiful woman has an honest face.
The problem is that they have to compete with a group of children who yell out their lines and receive outrageous applause for it.
Once he got there, the duke learned that Lorenzo and his lover Jessica were together in a gondola.
Be like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow from, has rejected me.
But here’s an old, true saying: “If you want to win France, start with Scotland.” For when the
There is more work to be done.
There is no end, absolutely none, to my sexual desires.
You do not look as if you bring good news.
I cannot play a melody.
Caesar ignores offers that do not give him an advantage, and so should you.
They will not pinch me, frighten me, push me in the mud, or mislead me unless he tells them to.
You are all sizzle.
But mortals like you are not allowed to hear this description of the afterlife.
Yes, your Highness.
That is not part of what I am supposed to say.
This is a sure thing: the snake is an odd snake.
The more I try to hide what I am feeling, the bigger it gets.
But here is the plan: our army will stay with us on the hills by the city.
Murder is always horrible, but this one was especially horrible, weird, and unnatural.
This place is too cold to be hell.
Thinking like this will not help me choose a husband.
I surrender all this magic now. When I have summoned some heavenly music to cast a spell, as I am doing now, I will break my
Those who understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads.
Angry enough to run away.
You know I am powerful enough to make you pay for this.
No, you entertain your suitors with mild and gentle conversation, quiet and pleasant.
I have a sinking feeling.
You are too good a friend for me to wish her on you.
I need to remember I am related to him by blood, not behavior.
Look, even if my dishes are poor, eat them with my best wishes.
In most cases, reports are just estimates.
However, I will do what I can for you.
Even if I thought you were right, it does not matter.
But surely you are not planning to.
You had bad blood in you, no matter how much you learned, and good people couldn’t stand to be near you.
I will not sleep until I get back.
Until that time, do not come near me.
It wasn’t until this afternoon that he broke out into violence.
Only to be generous and give it to you once more.
Although I was born here and should consider that tradition part of my own heritage, I think it would be better to ignore it than practice it.
He turned away twice and almost left him there.
I will, my lady, but a sane person reading this would make it sound crazy.
But truly, if I were as
On the prettiest branches or at the end of every sentence, I will write “Rosalinda,” Teaching everyone who can read
Was this near the shore?
But now we do not have to.
I like the morning.
But we will obey.
Thankfully, we have reason to cool our raging lusts.
I will open the curtain and let you see the picture.
Kings have trembled to kiss this hand.
But, go on.
But if I were Brutus and Brutus were me, then I would stir you up, and install in each of Caesar’s wounds
If I were a merciful man, I would forget about your missing brother and punish you in his place.
When the day comes, I will wish it were nighttime so I could sleep with the legal expert’s clerk.
What a fool I am to stand here chatting when I should bid good morning to my bride and seal the bargain with a loving kiss.
Tell me, Monsieur, what sport are the ladies missing?
What are you doing here in Elsinore?
But what about Cicero?
But so what?
How would you praise a truly good woman, someone who had no reason to worry about what anyone said about her?
What can be done to prevent it?
What do you think about Thursday?
What is this I see?
Why am I telling you this?
He writes brave poems, speaks brave words, makes brave promises, and then breaks them.
God bless this marriage.
What is your trade?
Instead of Celia, call me Aliena.
But has Catesby gone?
But, really, what is going on, Clarence?
I don’t get it. What is the joke?
What did you want?
When I tell him he hates flatterers, he agrees, just at the moment when I am flattering him the most.
When exactly will we see Benedick married?
When push comes to shove, they droop like those horses that are all show and slow to a crawl.
When our vices become habits, the wise gods blind us, shade our better judgment, make us love our mistakes, and laugh as we strut
Where have you been?
Where is Kate?
When you feel a larger pain, the smaller one disappears.
Where will I lie tomorrow?
They should get to bed early and get plenty of sleep.
But where did this happen?
But where is my fool?
But where is the money?
Why aren’t you in your shop today?
Why couldn’t I say “Amen”?
Why did you tempt the heavens like that?
Why do you keep me here so long?
Why, you villain, did you kill my cousin?
Just let me say one prayer.
But try to control your speech.
But who is this?
Who is that?
Who is that coming this way?
But who is coming?
Now what?
But who would dare tell her?
But who is with him?
But who was that man?
Why should my reputation for honor last longer than my honor did?
Why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do this, too?
Do you mean to go after this wildcat?
To say that Tybalt is dead is like saying that Romeo has been banished.
But go ahead and charm her, gentle Paris; make her love you.
Only yesterday the word of Caesar might have stood against the world.
I still believe that his madness was caused by unrequited love.
If she did not hate him to death, she would love him to death.
You had better get back to Egypt.
I cannot love him.
I am still afraid.
I am running ahead of myself.
But I will go out of spite, to feed off the wasteful Christian.
Even so, I will make doubly sure.
It sure is.
I feel it is very hot and humid, which is bad for my complexion.
You are still my child, my flesh and blood. Or rather, you are a disease in my flesh, a disease I still have to call
You must not attract iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
Which one will start yammering first, Gonzalo or Adrian?
I leave him in your care, but if only I were still in his favor I could arrange for better care for him.
If you would be willing to accept circumstantial evidence as proof, we can get that.
I do not like the sound of “but yet.” It reverses all the good that came before it.
You and I have epilepsy, and honest Casca, we have epilepsy.
But you are no such man.
You must learn to recognize such liars, or you will be greatly taken advantage of.
But you see my finger does not have the ring on it.
You will see that the very thing that joins them will be the thing that separates them.
I will name a time, and I will second it on the duke’s behalf, which I do not think he will mind.
You are perfect, without a rival in the world, made up of the best qualities of every creature.
An hour before you pulled me out of the breaking waves, my sister drowned.
You promise you can keep a secret?
You will just lie there like sleeping dogs and say nothing.
But you are wrong.
This is bad!
Unfortunately, Caesar has to bleed if we are going to stop him.
I killed him for his ambition.
He picked out the letter “G” from the alphabet and said a wizard told him that "G" will take the throne away from
Like I said, on the night of Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen.
As I said, the general isn’t really in the mood to hear music now.
I will be back soon to wake up your generosity.
But Audrey, there is a boy in the forest who claims you are his girl.
I have some strange news for you.
But he has to build churches for that to happen, my lady, or else he will have to put up with being forgotten, like the hobby
Could you tell me how near the enemy is?
But who cares?
Whether your banquet is first or last, your Egyptian cooking will make it the best.
One thing is certain: he is out of control.
As for myself, it was Greek to me.
Oh, gods, give me patience!
But what about your guilty conscience?
But gentle heavens, don’t keep me waiting.
Thank God, there is no need for me, as I would not be able to help you much.
Please mock me gently, dear Kate, because I love you terribly.
Wait, what is that sound?
Listen, Charmian.
I hear his footsteps.
Let me place this wreath on your head.
Please do not let any of your people wake me up.
When I say so, she turns white as a sheet.
You would still be gorgeous even if you were as proud as the devil.
I promise you, Kate, the older I grow, the better I will look.
Are you the one who has been hanging on the trees those poems that speak so admiringly of Rosalind?
In loving me, you would love the friend of France. I love France so much that I will not part with a single village of it.
But, Lepidus, go to Caesar’s house.
Let me see, by ten we will have captured a hundred Englishmen.
But like a misbehaved, sullen girl, you are whining about your bad luck and your love.
A terminal disease requires extreme treatment, or nothing at all.
Look, Cassius, Caesar looks angry and everyone else looks as if they have been scolded.
But mistress, know yourself.
Why should you do this, you want to know?
But, my lord, this boy was born in the forest and has been schooled not in the usual subjects but only in magic.
The words of you and Lord Buckingham are as trustworthy to me as if I had seen and heard him speak myself.
But, oh, no!
But
Six Barbary horses, six French swords with accessories, and three imaginatively designed carriages—sounds like a French bet against the Danish.
Tell us, Othello.
But Roderigo, if you are as courageous and determined as I think you are, then wait a bit longer.
But step aside, fairy!
Listen to me; let me guide you.
Even the traits that become me most kill me when you do not approve of them.
But, sir, here comes your servant.
But I will deliver Sir Andrew’s challenge by word of mouth, describing Sir Andrew as courageous in battle, and convincing the young gentleman that
Like gambling, sir?
You know, sirrah, we customarily say that the dead are well.
This is for your master’s sake, not mine.
But Angelo, you will pay for this, even if it costs all the precious metals in your jewelry shop.
Since I have gotten myself involved this far, because I am so stupidly honest and because I like you so much, I will keep going.
It is quiet.
But, hang on.
Tell me, where is the noble Richmond now?
We will not shift the scene to Southampton until Henry reappears.
He is always trespassing past the park borders and straying away from home to feed in new pastures.
If you were married, you would wield some influence.
I pay you because you are poor, not because you want me to buy this.
Yawn, snore.
By our Lady, I think that is true.
Tell me, how did you get in here?
I will get there.
I will drink later.
A house, a person?
Jesus, he is an ass if there ever was one.
By Jesus, he will defend his position on the practices of the ancient Roman wars as well as any military man in the world.
By Jesus, I believe they will blow up everything if we do not improve our tactics.
Christ, it is a disaster.
I haven’t spoken to him since I sent him away from the marketplace earlier.
He constantly offends me.
Dromio?
We were pushed out of power by evil deeds, as you call them.
Good heavens, those are difficult directions.
By God, I order you to speak.
I swear I am not lying.
I saw him holding the handkerchief.
By God, I will tell the king about these taunts.
I will get it from you, I swear.
I swear, if anyone holds me back, I will make a ghost of him.
It is as common for us old people to assume we know more than we do as for young people to be too wild and crazy.
My God, it is the same one I gave the judge.
My God, that is my handkerchief!
He will, sir, if He wants to.
I swear to God you are accusing me wrongly.
By God, I will tell the duke how slack you have been.
By Hercules, I believe I am right.
By the Lord who raised me to this weighty post from the happy and carefree life I used to enjoy, I promise you that I never
I will give you bloody teeth if you ever compare Caesar with Antony, my best man among men.
Block up my house’s windows.
I do not think so.
By Jesus, I am your Majesty’s countryman, and I do not care who knows it.
By Jove that thunders!
By God, I am not selfish when it comes to money. I do not care who eats at my expense.
By the god Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Jupiter’s wife Juno, I swear “Yes.”
I swear by Jupiter that I will never revoke this punishment.
If I were Antony, I would not shave my beard today.
I swear I will, and if I ever break my promise, let me turn into a monster.
I tell you truly, in true English: I love you, Kate.
By my count, I was already your mother at just about your age, while you remain a virgin.
He is very witty, and full of wise sayings.
Well then, you have good reason to be sad.
That is some nap.
I swear by this hand and my father’s soul, the whole thing is a disaster.
Oh great, here come the Capulets.
Well, well, I do not care.
I swear by my holy order, I thought you were smarter and more rational than this.
I swear by my wickedness (if I had any) that I am a knave.
I swear on my life, which I take seriously, even if I am a magician.
I swear I do.
I swear that nothing anyone can say will change my mind.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
Honestly, it is not as good as the other one, and I am sure your cousin will agree with me.
That is a good song.
She is a very good-natured lady.
I swear, he will be food for the crow soon.
God, I am really sick.
I swear, I am telling you what I honestly think.
I will tell you truly what I think about the king in my heart.
I was telling you to go after her, woo her, confront her.
I swear, you speak the truth.
I do not know what to make of it, but she loves him with such a passion that it is past all understanding.
My poor little body is tired of this great big world.
Really, niece, you will never get a husband if you keep saying such harsh things about people.
For God’s sake, Sir Toby, you have to come home earlier at night.
Do not say that unless you want to be one of my friends.
I swear, this fool has an excellent singing voice.
Well, well.
It is good to see you.
No, not at all.
When he couldn't do what?
By our beards (if we had them), you are a knave.
With God’s help.
I know him well by reputation.
By running fast.
What else?
Tomorrow I will be at the depths of my misery thinking about the happiness my brother has achieved, in having what he wished for.
Such an expression of despair would only prove that I was guilty.
The clock says it is daytime, but dark night is strangling the sun.
According to the laws of war, you did not have to fight a stranger.
By God, it does look like a camel.
On the way, we came across my wife, her sister, and their gang of vile associates.
By St. Paul, ghosts have struck more terror in my soul tonight than ten thousand of Richmond’s soldiers could.
By eight o'clock.
I swear by the sun that when I leave here, it will be as your faithful servant.
By nine o'clock.
I swear to God, you have wronged me, and I will tell the whole world.
Good God, I was about to say something.
I swear by the mass, before I close my eyes to go to sleep, I will put in some good fighting, or I will die.
I can tell that something wicked is coming by the tingling in my thumbs.
I swear, I think my wife is faithful, and I think she is not.
This is what you told me he said: that he beat you and pretended his house wasn't his and I wasn’t his wife.
I swear that Claudio will pay dearly for this.
I swear I am.
I swear by this hand that I love you.
I swear that gown is for me.
Anyone who says that is a lying piece of garbage.
By that kind of logic, I should hate Orlando, since my father hates his father.
By this leek, I swear I will make you pay for this.
What a lying, drunken monster.
With this marriage, all the petty jealousies that now seem huge, and all the great fears that are dangerous in themselves, would disappear.
I swear by my sword, which killed the Shah of Persia and a Persian prince and defeated the Sultan Suleiman three times.
By this sword, I will kill whichever one of you makes the first thrust.
By this sword, I will.
It is almost five o'clock.
I will be back here with you by two o'clock.
Why not?
What do you remember?
Even though I would not dare to swear that you love me, still my blood begins to flatter me.
Whenever you are ready, hostess.
Please excuse me, but I am repeating what you have said.
I am sorry, but I am not allowed to visit them.
If you do not mind, I need to rest a bit.
No, I would rather you stayed here.
I swear, it must be thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have always achieved more by delegating authority to their officers than by leading their troops in person.
Caesar and he are better friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are organizing their military operation.
Caesar and Lepidus declared war against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar resents me, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar loses supporters wherever he raises money.
Caesar has sent. Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself is in trouble and there are more adversaries than we expected.
Caesar is in a sober mood.
Caesar is upset.
Caesar is listening.
Caesar greets the Queen of Egypt and asks that you consider what you will ask from him.
I will go out.
They are saying I would be an animal without a heart if I stayed home today out of fear.
I will fight him there.
Caesar is talking.
Caesar, the clock has struck eight.
Hail Caesar!
He accuses me of withholding his share of Sextus Pompeius’ possessions, which we seized in Sicily.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I have news about Menecrates and Menas, notorious pirates who prowl the sea in a variety of ships.
I go, Caesar.
Caesar, I never believed in omens, but now they frighten me.
I will, Caesar.
Right away, Caesar.
Caesar, I will.
Yes, Caesar?
Caesar, you are revenged with the same sword that killed you.
Caesar, you are not going to be killed by a traitor unless you kill yourself.
Caesar, you thought this would happen.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar?
Caesar’s better qualities exist in Brutus, and we will crown him.
Caesar’s sister is named Octavia.
What does Caesar want?
Caesar.
Caius Ligarius does not like Caesar, who berated him for speaking well of Pompey.
Pile of dirt!
Call them.
Call the Duke of Burgundy.
Call Claudio and some of my other men.
Call out my household servants.
Get them in here, Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest.
Tell her to come to me.
Bring her out, brother.
Have him come to me here, soldier.
Call him over here, Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my maid.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers and we will find out.
Say that it is my fear that keeps you inside and not your own.
You can push my buttons, but you cannot play me for a fool.
Call my guard, please.
Call my sister that.
Call my knights together.
Do not put me in the stocks.
Let me see Philostrate.
Call the numbskull back in here.
Call the messenger in.
Call that servant back.
Well, call them back.
Get them in here.
Call yourself your own sister, because I want you.
Invite all my sad captains.
Call up the Master Constable Dogberry.
Did you just call me beautiful?
You have the nerve to call me daughter?
You call this a scale?
You call this sneering?
Did you call me?
Call him, Mercutio.
Call him.
Did you call me?
Calling it death banishment is like cutting off my head with a golden ax and smiling while I am being murdered.
Did you call my lord?
Did you call for me, your Worship?
Calphurnia is keeping me at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s face is pale and red, and Cicero’s eyes are as red and fiery as they get when
Cambio is transformed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Did he come home last night?
Did not they pass by you?
Have you come from Bellario’s office in Padua?
Can any of your neighbors tell you?
What on earth does that mean?
Is it possible Fulvia is dead?
Can he even get angry?
Can he deny it?
Can God be so jealous and hateful?
If I can bear that pain, then I can bear my husband’s secrets.
Can I go away while my heart stays here?
Can it be possible that no one saw them leave?
Can’t any prayers reach your heart?
Can a good thing hide itself?
How can you blame her, a tender young maiden still given to virgin blushes, for objecting to having a blind man appear before her?
Is there anything inaccurate in that?
Can you do that?
Can you ask around and find out?
Can’t you somehow use your dissatisfaction to your advantage?
Can’t you understand what I am saying?
Can’t you wait for a moment?
What were the primary evils he claimed women were guilty of?
Can you smell out his secret?
Can you tell me whether Rosalind, Duke Senior’s daughter, has been banished?
Can you tell me if a man named Launcelot, who lives with him, is still there?
I pray that God ends his life before I die, so I can say, “The dog is dead!”
Canidius and the others that left Antony are given hospitality but no positions of trust.
Canidius, take our nineteen
Can't a plain man live and do no harm to anyone without being taken advantage of by a bunch of slick, sneaky lowlifes?
Can’t Lord Stanley sleep?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to him?
Can you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your lute?
Can you remember the time before you came to live in this shack?
You think you can get rid of me that easily?
You can command a beggar to bow on bended knee, but can you take possession of his health?
Captain Fluellen!
Captain Jamy is a wonderfully valorous gentleman, that is certain, one with great knowledge concerning ancient warfare, I happen to know from his maneuvers
Captain Macmorris, I beg your pardon, but would you grant me a discussion or two concerning the practice of war, the Roman wars?
Captain Macmorris, I think, correct me if I am wrong. There are not many of your nation. My nation?
Captain Macmorris, when we have more leisure, I will show you what I know about the practice of warfare.
Captain, I have a favor to beg of you.
Every old man has worries, and worried men never get any sleep. Young men should not have a care in the world.
It was carried to Colmekill to be placed in the tomb of his ancestors, where their bones are kept safe.
Carry him to my best room, gently, so he doesn’t wake, and hang all my erotic paintings around him.
Take me off to jail?
Take this mad wretch to jail. Father-in-law Baptista, will you see that he is available to appear in court?
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what is the matter.
Brutus, what will we do?
It is Casca. I know your voice.
Casca, you will be the first to raise your hand.
Ask your husband if you doubt me.
Cassio was attacked here in the dark by Roderigo and men who escaped.
Cassio does not know you.
Cassio can have my job.
Cassio, do you know who might have stabbed you like this?
Cassio has killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio is a handsome man.
Cassio is a good friend of mine. My lord, I can see you are upset.
I will kill myself to save myself from slavery.
Cassius, stand firm.
Cassius, do not take it badly.
Cassius, go to the next street and divide the crowd.
Cassius, what a night this is!
Let it go.
Leave out the water.
Get rid of your low-class trapping,” she said.
Catesby, fly to the duke.
A drum!
Catesby.
No one admires speed more than the lazy.
Be wise when you criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly.
I have come to announce that Juno has asked you to leave your rich farms of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and peas, the hills
Then certain ones.
Absolutely, people should be what they appear to be.
I am sure I will feel guilty if I run away from this Jew, my master.
I can, father.
Cesario is my name—your servant’s name—fair princess.
Cesario, come here.
Cesario, you missed your appointment with me.
Stop!
Challenge the count’s young servant to a fight.
Are you blushing?
Charles, I thank you for your loyalty to me, and you will see that I will reward you.
Do you hear that, Charmian?
Charmian!
Unpunished!
Cheer yourself.
Cheers, boys.
Cheer up, good Adam.
Do I blame Nature for being so thrifty?
No, sir, I will not let him go, not without a good reason.
I will knock your teeth out, sir.
Choose your revenge.
Chop off his head.
What is this fuzzy logic?
Cicero is dead, by their decree.
Cicero too?
Clarence is still alive; Edward is not only alive, he is king.
Claribel, his daughter.
Claudio!
Cleopatra summoned him.
Cleopatra, Do you think there ever was, or could there ever be, a man such as the one I dreamed about?
Cleopatra, How could I have ever thought that you would be faithful and true, even though your vows of love shook the heavens themselves?
If Cleopatra hears even a breath of this, she will die immediately.
Do not insult my master’s generosity by killing yourself.
Cleopatra, our conquest will not include either the things you kept back or the ones you listed.
Very near, my master.
You couldn't beat the two of them apart.
Use your clubs and spears.
Cobweb.
Then they are cold friends to me.
You are cold, cold, and you were never hot with lust.
Has your heart cooled toward me?
Are you coming again for ransom?
Come on, sweet Audrey.
Let’s go.
Come on, servant, come.
Let’s follow him.
Come break this up, Benvolio.
Come to my room later on.
Come down, look no more.
Come down.
Come out, I order you.
Come out, you frightened man.
Come out.
Get out of that position, because I can disarm you with my magic wand and make your sword drop.
Come here, captain.
Come, Catesby.
Come here.
You too, Fabian.
Come here, you.
Come here, man.
Come over here, gentlemen, and put your hands on my sword again.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Come here, herald, and let the trumpet sound!
Come here, Sir Andrew.
Come here, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come here, ma'am.
Come here, Sir Seacole.
Come over here, nurse.
Come here, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, boy.
Come here, you wretch!
Wake up the moon goddess with a hymn.
Come on in, tailor.
Come on, let’s all go inside.
Come like shadows and depart in the same way.
Do not come in here, uncle.
Do not go near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
What kind of entertainment do we have to fill up the long three hours between dinner and bedtime?
Now, do not forget, you promised me something.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on, then.
I am critical by nature.
Come on, come on.
Come on, relax, dear.
Come, let’s continue on toward your father’s house.
Come on, Nerissa, I have many things to do that you do not even know about.
Tell me what you have done with the money I entrusted to you.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, get ready.
Come on.
Come on.
Let’s go.
We are still waiting for one more.
Come in out of the storm.
By next week, I will be able to pay you.
Come on.
Come then, kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my lips.
Do they come from good families?
Do not come again to ask for my ransom, good messenger.
Come along with us, Signor Fabian.
Come talk to me about this.
Tyrrel, come back shortly after dinner and tell me the details of their deaths.
Get to the point now.
Come, Ariel, I summon you with a thought.
He was on his way here with your wife.
Did old Bellario send you here?
Have you come to make confession to this father?
Come on, you.
Come along.
Come on!
We are all waiting for the revenge.
Come on, Antonio.
Call the priest.
Come on, you can go.
Come on, Balthasar, let’s hear that song again.
Come on, be a man.
Come on, start.
Come, ask me to do anything for you.
Come here.
Come, blade, and drench my breast with blood.
Come with me, boy.
Come on, boy.
Come, firebrands, over here!
Let me take my chances.
Come, bring me to them.
Come on, take us to him.
Come on, brother!
Hurry, hurry, and prepare my horse.
Come on, Casca, you and I will go see Brutus at his house before sunrise.
Play with me, Charmian.
I wish night would come, like a widow dressed in black, so I can learn how to submit to my husband and lose my virginity.
Come, and you can have a queen.
Come, let’s be off!
Come, come away.
Come, come with me, and we will do the job quickly.
Come on, come on.
Come, come, hurry up.
Come on, do you think I cannot recognize you by your excellent wit?
Come on now, wine is good for you, if you know how to use it.
Come, let’s go to the dance.
I will not play the fool anymore and just cry while my husband and his man laugh at me.
Come on, you can be as angry as any guy in Italy when you are in the mood.
Come, come, we are worrying about the worst-case scenario.
Come, come, I know what you are referring to, Richard.
Come on, take control of your feelings.
Come on, you are a fool, and driven to extreme measures by love.
Come, come, you weak, ungovernable worms!
Come on.
Come on, you are drunk.
Listen to you.
Come, come.
Come and get it!
Come on.
Come on, niece, I am sure you love him.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come on, Desdemona, I have only an hour of love to spend with you, to tell you what you need to do.
Come, Dolabella.
Come, this way to the rowboat.
Come on, close the curtain, Nerissa.
That is enough, Dromio.
Come, father, I will leave you at a friend’s house.
Get ready for the third hit, Laertes.
All right, Friar Francis, let’s keep this short.
Come, gentlemen, let’s discuss tomorrow’s action in my tent.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go in.
That is enough.
Come on, let’s go inside.
Come on, let’s go see the king.
Come on, let’s go see King Edward.
Come away with me.
Come with me; I will spy under the tents to see if any of my own people plan to desert me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come on, my dear Greek philosopher.
Come on, good fellow, help me into that armor you are carrying.
Come, Grey.
Come shake hands with Laertes, Hamlet.
Here, hang them on this clothesline.
Carry your master out.
What would you say about me?
Come, I will show you your bridal chamber.
Come on, I will take you, but honestly I am only doing it out of pity.
Come, I will place you among the sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I will escort you to dinner.
If I am going to sing along with you, I need to know what key you are singing in.
Come, explain.
Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come, Kate, let’s go to bed.
Bring me a bigger one.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
Come, let’s go.
Come, let’s have an early dinner so that we have time to work out our plans.
Come on, let’s get to the banquet.
Let’s go up to the castle.
Come, let’s join hands until the overpowering wine makes us soft and forgetful.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Let’s go.
Let’s do that.
Come, let’s have one more extravagant night.
But will you come with me to Edward’s room to comfort him?
Run off and go visit fairs and festivals.
Let us go, Menas.
Come, mistress Kate, I will join you.
Come on, another stanza. Is that what you call them, "stanzas"?
Come with me, my dear Cordelia.
While we are walking, you can tell me how I ended up sleeping on the ground with these humans last night.
Come on, my lord.
Now go and get me some booze.
Come, my sweet Kate.
Come on, put your sword away, my little soldier.
Let’s go, Nerissa
Come, night.
To hell with your sword.
Yes, hand me one too.
Come, last of my friends, rest on this rock.
Come on, get ready.
I will not have anything to do with it.
Come, Romeo.
Come, find the conspirators!
Come on, can I get you two to make up?
Shall we get started?
Shall we get to work?
Indeed, my lord, the gloomy Jaques grieves over these deaths.
Should we hear some music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there is nothing you can do about it.
Come on, sir, let’s go.
Come on, I will fight you.
Come on sir, please.
No, sir, I will not let you go.
Come, husband, let’s go to lunch.
Tell us about the letters that you received from France.
Come on, sir, will you come aboard?
You threw it at her rudely and she wants you to take it back.
Come with me, sir.
Come, sir, no more.
Come, everyone.
Do not be proud.
Come, sisters, let’s cheer him up and show him our talents.
Now sit down, everybody, and rehearse your parts.
Come sit on me.
Come sit, sit, and sing me a song.
Hey, let’s have some music.
Come on, music!
Come on, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Come, sweet Audrey.
Come, tailor, show it to us.
Now, tailor, let’s see what you have.
Please do not mention her.
Come, sweet nymphs, and help us celebrate the wedding of two true lovers.
Play your flutes!
Come, here is some sauce to go with it.
Come, then, and send his body to Thasos.
You are whiter than snow on the black wings of a raven.
Separate me from life with your sharp teeth.
Come on, you turtle!
Come, put it over my face.
Come, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, enter Harfleur.
Come, Vaughan.
Alright, here is the vial.
Take good care of him.
Come, warble for me.
Come on, we are wasting precious daylight.
Come on, let’s put him in a dark room and tie him up.
Yes, let’s go to sleep.
Come on, what did Romeo say?
Where is the necklace?
Come, why be so hesitant?
Will you come with me?
I am in a good mood now and likely to give you what you want.
Come on, you and I will go soon.
Come on, you are being too hard on yourself.
Come on, you are fooling yourself.
Come on, you keep getting paler.
Come on, tell me in broken English, for your voice is music and your English is broken.
Come with me.
All right, then.
Come on.
Let’s go.
A better example—come on.
Let’s play.
Come.
Is Caesar visiting the Capitol tomorrow?
Is his army approaching?
Doesn’t that rising blush suggest that she is virtuous and innocent?
Is there any more, or is that it?
Give me comfort.
Traveling from Sardinia to Philippi, two mighty eagles fell on our front flag and perched there, eating from the hands of the soldiers
Command this man to leave.
Give him my respects, and tell him I will definitely be there for dinner, since I know he has gone to great lengths for this meal.
Give my regards to Hastings, Catesby.
Give my love to my kind husband.
Give my regards to your lady, and tell her to hurry everybody in the house to bed.
Give my compliments to your lady.
Sing my praises to your mistress.
Give my regards to your daughter.
What have you done?
Get out of here, my friend.
I hear someone coming.
You should lodge a complaint about this with the Duke.
Repent and avoid damnation.
Where is my father?
I can imagine more than I can say. I have more on my mind than words.
Procreation is a good thing, but if your daughter gets pregnant, look out, friend.
A conclusion, a conclusion: he is in love.
Bring me to my host, Macbeth.
Confess and love is more like it.
Ask her to help you get back your position.
This is the way to trick gullible fools.
All cooped up together, just as you ordered, in the grove of linden trees that protects your room from bad weather.
Then it is confirmed.
The worst thing imaginable has happened.
The cure for confusion is not yelling and screaming.
I say.
You are right to do so.
Conscience, I say, “you give good advice.”
Pay for something I never got?
Agree to swear.
Consider how poorly this reflects on me.
Please keep in mind we are only here out of spite.
In Alexandria, he condemned Rome, and that is not all.
Struggling with the wind and rain.
Calm down, gentle cousin.
Happy with Hermia?
Enough, gentlemen.
It is a deal.
Good idea.
Agreed.
Take her to my tent.
We will cool the mixture with baboon blood.
If I can believe my eyes, this is a fine sight to see.
Antipholus, are you originally from Corinth?
Let’s stay and watch a while.
Could beauty be related to anything better than goodness?
I expect she will wear me out more quickly than I will wear out what I am wearing.
Could my good brother-in-law—a man to whom I am close—
A snake could do that as easily as you could.
Didn’t you figure out that I left you because I hate you?
Can’t you find a reason without my giving you one?
Claudio?
Count how many times the clock chimes.
Claudio, take my daughter and, with her, take my fortunes.
Fake, I am telling you.
Pretending?
Count Claudio, when do you plan to go to church and be married?
Put it together with something else.
Have courage, man.
Amen.
Polite sir, let me say one thing.
I need to have a word with you.
Cousin, you did not used to be so thickheaded.
Niece, you are exceptionally perceptive.
Kinsmen, I hope the time is coming when people will be safe in their own bedrooms.
Cousins, you have work to do. I beg your pardon.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Faster, Eros, faster.
Did he cry?
Stop whining, devil.
Never contradict him.
If we crown him, I have to admit we would be giving him the power to do damage.
Go ahead.
I have money in my purse and property at home, so I am off to see the world.
Cry, “whoa!” to your tongue, please.
Just cry out, “Ah me!” Just say “love” and “dove.” Say just one
Please excuse me, gentlemen who stayed awake.
Ask this man's forgiveness, love him, and accept his offer.
Damn it!
How clever of you.
Cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this.
Cure her of that.
Don’t damn yourself.
I curse myself for doing that.
Damn your stones for disappointing me like this.
Cut my corset laces, Charmian, so I can breathe.
That is enough for one lesson.
You devil, you have put a spell on her.
Do you dare kill a friend of mine?
It is difficult to see clearly in the dark of night, but it is easier to hear well.
Hell and damnation!
It should not be custom for the ladies of France to kiss.
Day and night, hour after hour, all the time, at work, at play, alone, in company, my top priority has always been
You are dead.
Dead, dead?
She is dead, I think. Help, uncle!
Is she dead?
Is she dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I already look much happier than I feel, but do you want me to look even happier?
Dear Macduff, I beg you, tell us you were lying and say it is not so.
Dear general, I never gave you any reason to hate me.
You and I cannot be held within the confines of a country’s arbitrary customs.
My boy, it is true.
My dear lady, please let me say something, I am begging you.
Dear lady, welcome home.
Sweet Montague, be true.
Dear master, I cannot go any further.
Please, my lord, do not be friendly with her.
My dear lord, if it was you who conquered her and took her virginity, I know what you are about to say.
My dear lord, tell me what is bothering you.
Please stop, sir.
Dear master, listen to me.
The answer, my dear, is that they did not dare because the people of Milan loved me too much.
I love you dearly, Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the best way to cover over her shame.
She is dead, like a beautiful flower, killed by an unseasonable frost.
Death did not conquer.
A person can only pay with their life once, and she has paid in full.
Curse you!
To repay her for her troubles, Death Gives her undying fame.
Death has sucked the honey from your breath, but it has not ruined your beauty.
Death, which has taken her away to make me cry, now ties up my tongue and won’t let me speak.
Like hell!
Death is the end for everybody.
Decius Brutus does not love you.
Decius, go tell them that Caesar will not come.
Good point, Decius.
Say what you are here for.
Defend yourself.
Do not delay, Caesar.
Delay this marriage for a month, or a week.
Do not ask me anything.
Demand.
Demetrius is an admirable man.
Demetrius loves her, and he does not love you.
You are the beautiful one as far as Demetrius is concerned.
Demetrius does not think so, and that is all that matters.
Demetrius, I am ready to fight you as promised.
Den it, it will also content me.
Denmark is a prison.
If you refuse, let an eternal curse fall on you.
How can they refuse to speak with me?
Come down, brother.
You have to be my torchbearer for the masquerade.
Descendant.
Ask him to go in.
Give it up and go drink.
What, from myself?
Myself?
I do hate.
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, and killed.
Do not keep anything back, I insist.
Easily, madam.
Didn’t you hear it?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Diana ever beautify a grove as much as Kate beautifies this room with her queenly movements?
Did a dragon ever hide in such a beautiful cave?
Did he ask about me?
Did he confess?
I miss him terribly.
What, he never made you laugh?
He rejected my authority as much as yours.
Didn’t he say my brother has run away?
Did he treat you well when you saw him?
Did he charge interest?
Did heaven watch the slaughter and not send down any help?
Didn’t I deserve anything more than a fool’s head?
Didn't I tell you to meet me outside and bring these morons with you?
Did I meet up with your allies?
Didn’t I tell you she was innocent?
Didn’t I?
Charmian, did I ever love Caesar as much as this?
When you were wooing Desdemona, did Michael Cassio know about it?
Did my father hit one of my attendants for scolding his fool?
Didn’t great Caesar bleed for the sake of justice?
Her cook yelled, mocked, and teased me, right?
Didn’t you say something?
Didn’t you tell me that I would be able to recognize the man by the Athenian clothes he was wearing?
Did she see you there the whole time?
Did this fool with the yellow face feast in my house today while the guilty doors shut in my face and locked me out of my own house?
Is this the work of an ambitious man?
Did we, my lord?
Did you plan Cassio’s death with him?
Did you talk with him?
Did you talk with this woman?
Have you ever cured anyone this way before?
Do you know him?
Haven’t you ever heard the saying, “Two can conspire to put one away?
What a pretty picture, three fools all together.
Did you talk to it?
Did you see how he laughed about sleeping with her?
Did you say all?
Did you say Cassio?
Did you see him?
Have you seen Master Lorenzo?
Did you send for him?
Did you do it?
Was Queen Cordelia aggrieved by the letters you delivered?
Eros!
Did you hear her speak?
Did you see that?
Did you notice?
Did you see Octavia?
Were you dreaming, Lucius?
Did you give everything to your two daughters and end up like this?
Were you listening to these verses?
Did you argue it out with your tailor for wearing one of his new suits before the right season?
Did you hear a noise?
Do you not see what a    Did you hear someone?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
You killed this king, didn't you?
Didn’t you just say he was?
Didn’t you call him a liar?
Did you see anything?
Then die and be damned.
To die for adultery?
Die where you have lived, in my arms.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I hired to perform the butchery, are used to killing people.
Ate at home?
Ding, dong, bell.
Right now, I am going to Caesar’s funeral.
Do you see something wrong with that?
Are you low, vulgar, and of the common people?
There is scorn and disdain in her eyes, and those sparkling eyes despise everything they look upon.
Do not dishonor your mothers.
Unfaithful?
Didn’t this frighten our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?
Send me away?
Let me go.
I will be there shortly.
Draw your sword and get on your toes, because your assailant is quick, skillful, and deadly.
Perhaps we can benefit from the same chaos that has defeated us.
Don’t take too long, unless you want our king to come after you to ask what is holding things up.
Now go find the forest ranger.
Hurry up.
Hurry.
Oh, love, if you could only watch the battle today and see how expert I am at my craft.
Fight it like a man.
Do not simply hide your hatred.
Clouds dissolve into rain, so that I could say the gods themselves are weeping.
Do that.
Do it.
Does everyone kill what they do not love?
Do as I tell you.
Do as I asked you.
Do as I told you.
Do as you please, because I am done worrying about you.
Just go after him and watch what he does next.
Just look.
Do promise, Kate, that you will do your French part to bring forth such a boy.
Just read it.
Do I ask you to follow me?
What am I, a cane?
Do I speak to you kindly?
Do it immediately, or all your previous services to me were accidental, without purpose.
Just do it carefully, and do not think that the noble and loyal Kent has been banished for the crime of telling the truth.
Do not do it with poison.
Be quick.
I have the motivation, the willpower, the ability, and the means to do it.
Do it now.
Do not play any nasty tricks on me.
I am sorry.
Do not deceive me.
Do not talk to me.
Do not come near until you hear me call you.
I would never play pranks on you.
Do not ask me to talk about it.
We may take pity on you, even if we can’t pardon you.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Please do not say no.
Do not ask to see this letter.
I am sure you and my husband will be as friendly as you were before.
It is not manly.
Do not tire yourself out, monsieur.
Do not go out today.
Do not laugh at me, but I swear I think this lady is my child.
Do not listen to him, Emilia, even though he is your husband.
Do not sleep so close to me.
Do not take my love for granted.
Do not get up yet.
Do not run away.
Do not say “banishment.” From now on, you are banished from Verona.
Do not say that, Lysander.
Do not say that, my lord.
Do not.
Do not swear at all.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
Do not make yourself too conspicuous.
I am not that stupid.
By the way, I do not want anyone to think I am drunk.
Please do not hurt me.
Do not hurt me.
Do not cry, do not cry.
Do not snap at me.
Didn’t you hear someone shouting?
Do you love me?
Do not bother with it.
You should not wear your dagger in your cap that day, or he might slap your head with it.
We have not betrayed you.
Do not do it, sir.
Do not, Phoebe.
Take pity on Poor Tom, who is persecuted by the devil.
Do that, and I will set you free in two days.
Do so, and tell my sweet to be ready to scold me.
Do so, good Messala.
Do so.
Do that.
Please do.
You need to.
Do the deed that will make this island yours forever, and will make me your worshipful foot-licker.
And the boys are winning so far?
Go ahead, but I will not listen.
Are they getting rusty?
Are they as popular as they used to be when I lived in the city?
Do this immediately and send him packing.
Do this immediately, and do not stop searching and interrogating until you have brought home these foolish runaways.
You can stand in his place.
Meet me down at the harbor.
Therefore, do your duty and take your reward, because my master and mistress are nearly frozen to death.
Do your job.
Go ahead, do your worst.
We will perform all the holy rites.
If we meet Macbeth’s army tonight, let us be beaten if we cannot fight.
Yes, let’s do that.
Are we bothering you?
Do whatever you want, and I will say your insults are just a bad mood.
Do something about it, then.
Do you believe his “offers,” as you call them?
Hey, are you biting your thumb at us?
Are you biting your thumb at us?
Look at me now!
You admit it, then?
Do you acknowledge the contract?
Don’t you agree that we owe it to him to tell him about this?
Do you doubt I will write?
Make Cassio angry, either by speaking too loud, or insulting his military skills, or however else you want.
Are you so patient and forgiving that you will let him off the hook?
Are you backing away in fear?
Have you heard any news of impending battle?
Have you heard this, Cassio?
Do you hear that, men?
Listen up, you slave.
Do you?
Are you?
Were you thinking of spending the night here?
Do you know him?
Do you recognize me, father?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know me?
Do you know them?
Do you even know what you are talking about?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you think it is a good idea to rush?
Do you love me?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Don’t you trust my sword and these wounds?
He is busy, can’t you hear him giving orders?
Do you hear it ring?
Do you hear me speaking?
Didn’t you hear her?
Are you joking?
Do you know that I am a woman?
You really do not recognize me, father?
Do you remember how he saw a flea land on Bardolph’s nose and said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Do you remember a Venetian scholar and soldier who accompanied the marquess of Montferrat here once when your father was still alive?
Don’t you see that I am out of breath?
Who do you obey here?
Are you playing tricks on me by showing me savages and uncivilized men from the Indies?
Are you trying to start a fight?
Do you want my true opinion?
I did not see them.
Do you see that cloud up there that looks like a camel?
Do you see?
You will sing, and I will dance.
Do you smell something naughty?
Are you ill?
Did you think I was talking about sex?
Do you think I would break my oath?
Do you think you have won?
Do you still wish the gods had made me poetical?
Why don’t you go away for a bit?
Please do.
Thank you kindly.
Do that, my friend.
Do what he says, William.
Go ahead if you want, but remember that crying does not suit a man.
Yes, if it does not stand still.
Do it, and shout like the city is on fire.
Please, young sir.
Yes, do that.
Does anyone here know who I am?
Is he talking nonsense?
Does she?
Are things going well?
Performing is activity, and he is always doing that.
I will always be in debt to you.
Dolabella!
Dolabella.
Pain, yes indeed.
Fierce civil war will paralyze all of Italy.
Don Pedro is here.
Donalbain.
Here lies Hero, the heroic maiden killed by slanderous words.
You are on.
Dorset has fled to the earl of Richmond.
Dorset, embrace Hastings, express your affection for the marquess of Dorset.
Did you fall?
You will grant me, you hedgehog.
Do you like her, Claudio?
Orlando, do you believe that this boy can do everything he’s promised?
The sweet fool in a fool’s costume. That is me.
Have you forgotten the torture I freed you from?
Do you hear what I am saying, Iago?
Do you hear what I say?
Do you hear, my friend?
You understand?
Do you maintain the same story?
Do you honestly think that women would cheat on their husbands in such a disgusting manner?
Do you know me?
Do you know the difference between a bitter fool and a sweet one?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you make your living by playing that drum?
Do you love me?
Do you like pictures?
Are you talking about the crown?
Are you making fun of me?
Do you bring me a letter from the friar?
Don’t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that its nurse will fall asleep?
Do you not suspect my office?
Don’t you?
Are you talking, you villain?
Do you really think so?
Are you squinting at me?
Do you think Alexander the Great looked like this when he was buried?
You think I care what I am called?
Do you really think that if it came down to my word against yours, anyone would believe you?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand what I am saying, man?
Has Fortune turned on me, like the whore she is?
Doesn’t he deserve it?
Isn’t he getting funnier?
Ugh!
Does that mean you should love his son?
Will it happen?
Do my simple features please you?
Don’t say “ Yes, Nurse, what about that?
Haven’t I resisted even Brutus begging from his knees?
Doesn’t my wit suit me well?
Won’t the dawn come from here?
Doesn’t Benedick deserve as much luck with a mate as he would have with Beatrice?
Doesn’t she realize how unworthy she is of the gentleman we have found to be her husband?
Let me see, let me see.
Will the moon be shining on the night we are performing our play?
Is it true that good King Edward has died?
Is your other mouth calling my name?
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
The armies were like two exhausted swimmers clinging to each other and struggling in the water, unable to move.
He is a raven with the feathers of the dove.
Women are sex machines below the waist, though they are chaste up above.
Get down on your knees and thank God for sending you such a good man.
Get him, he is a thief.
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Bring down that top sail!
Get down and swear.
Get down on your knees and beg mercy from the duke.
Close, soft eyes.
Take out your sword and come on.
Draw your trustworthy sword, which you have used in such service to your country.
Hurry, hurry, close the curtain quick.
Draw the curtains, just like that.
Draw your sword and give me enough blows to kill me.
Take out your sword.
You are    Pull out your tool now.
You take out your sword too.
Prepare your troops.
Draw your sword!
Draw your sword, you jerk!
Draw your sword, scoundrel.
Draw your sword, scoundrel, or I will slice your thighs like flank steak.
I am a villain.
Drink up.
Drink when I order you.
You drone, you snail, you slug, you idiot!
Dromio, tell the servants to prepare lunch.
Don't you, Dromio?
Dromio, what stuff did you put on a ship?
He sleeps all day like a cat.
Drowning is not for cats or blind puppies. Do not drown yourself.
Do you want to drown yourself?
Drunk?
Sadness takes away our color.
Make her sterile and dry up her womb so that no baby will ever come out of her body and honor her.
For a necklace your husband had him make.
When Duke Frederick heard that great men were coming to this forest every day, he raised a large army to invade this land and fight his brother.
That is correct, you stupid thing.
Any minute.
Just as bad, my lord.
Exactly like that.
Like the  Oh stop it, you lusty bed-hopper.
Every heart in Rome loves and pities you.
Each day new widows howl, new orphans cry, and new sorrows slap heaven in the face.
We will rise and leave early tomorrow.
Lazy people end up at the bottom, and you deserve to be at the top.
As Edgar, I am nothing at all.
Edmund and I have talked, and it makes more sense for him to marry me than Goneril.
To find out the size of the enemy army.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Goodbye, Edmund.
Edmund, go find him.
Why are you dead?
Yes, I am.
Queen, you knew very well that my heart was tied to your ship and that you would pull me along with you.
A hundred and sixty-eight hours?
We heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole for breakfast, for only twelve people.
Either be calm and polite or I will drown you out with the music of war.
Either let heaven send lightning to strike the murderer dead or let the earth open wide and devour him, as it does this good king.
Either my eyesight is failing me, or you look pale.
Send the necklace to her, or send me a token that will authorize her to pay me.
Either there are wars in heaven, or else the world, too insolent toward the gods, provokes them to send destruction.
Either you, or I, or both of us have to go with him.
I will either fight you, Macbeth, or else I will put down my sword.
Either go somewhere private, or talk it over rationally, or else just go away.
If not, then I am a liar.
Ely joining Richmond troubles me more than Buckingham and his quickly assembled army.
It is only for your willing and receptive ear.
Emilia, go to the castle and tell Othello and Desdemona what happened. Will you please go now?
Enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep.
Enjoy your frankness; it suits you.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, with generous gifts besides.
I accept with thanks, Enobarbus.
That is Enobarbus.
Enough to buy everything you have declared.
Enough, Captain.
That is enough for me.
Enough of this.
Enough.
Got it?
Sir, enter the castle.
They are such oversexed gluttons that I feel like we are living in a pub or a whorehouse rather than a respectable palace.
Before he leaves this part of the forest, you will change places. You will be the one running away, and he will be in love with
shifts, friends, to Southampton.
Before I learn how to love, I will learn how to follow orders.
Before I open this letter, please tell me how my friend is doing.
I would rather be a baboon than kill myself out of love for some woman I cannot have.
I would like it copied.
Before the bat flies through the castle, and before the dung beetle makes his little humming noise to tell us it is nighttime, a dreadful deed
Oh, no.
Eros, can you still see me?
Eros, would you like to look through a window in Rome and watch your master marching in Caesar’s victory parade, his arms crossed
Error in the bill, sir, error in the bill.
You saw eternity in my lips and eyes, and happiness in the arch of my eyebrows.
Yes, like your horse, who, staggering under your boasts, would trot more easily if some of them dismounted.
This is just a trifling matter.
It would be like a nice daydream or fantasy.
We are men beached on the sand, hoping to be washed out by the next tide.
Thank you for saying that.
For the sake of our old friendship, I ask you to hold my sword handle while I run on it.
In exchange for the blood I shed for you then, I ask you for justice now.
The one who makes her queen, of course.
That is him, madam.
That is the one, sir.
That is the one.
Here we will shake hands good-bye.
Antipholus owes me the exact amount that I owe you.
Just now a tailor showed me fabrics he bought for me and then started to take my measurements.
Just now we put him in the abbey over here, and now he is over there.
At this very moment an old black ram is having sex with your little white lamb.
Yes, sir.
Whether it is even or odd, of all the days in the year, on the night of Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen.
That is the one: Leonato’s Hero, every man’s Hero.
Ever since you lost yours.
That is the way great men ought to endure great losses.
She is lying on the ground like him, weeping and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Can someone fall in love quickly?
Is this true?
Well, there they are.
Exactly.
Yes, like that.
All right.
Apparently so. Cover their faces.
As good a wife as she is, that is how good a husband I am to you.
Their unfortunate deaths put an end to their parents' feud.
We are destined to be betrayed when we are born.
This repays me.
The tragic actors from the city, the ones you used to enjoy so much.
You can do whatever you want as long as it is socially appropriate.
Whenever you want, since you are the one who wants it.
Will you cry about your cousin’s death forever?
Every hour he comes out with some horrible new offense that puts us all on edge.
Every glass of liquor is damned, and the devil is the main ingredient.
Look over your lines again.
Everyone prepare to take this beautiful corpse to her grave.
Everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged.
Everyone.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone who can hear has heard about it.
Everything is fine.
Yes, sir.
That was excellent, really excellent.
Excellent, good.
Yes, you are speaking very well.
Of course.
Wonderful!
Excellent!
Very wise.
Excellent.
It looks great.
Please forgive me as I forgive you, Hamlet.
Do not say anything bad about wine anymore.
Terrible.
Go out and feel what the impoverished feel.
Explain, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look for the last time.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian cannot control him over there.
Do not face off with me.
Do not miss our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, we are your guests tonight.
Lovely Beatrice, I thank you for taking the pains to tell me that.
Is it daytime?
Lovely Katherine, will you agree to teach a soldier the words that would recommend his love-suit to a gentle heart like yours?
Ladies, you are dropping bread from the heavens to starving people.
My lady, with your permission, this note authorizes me to give myself to you.
Do you think you have a couple of fools on your hands?
The beautiful Helen of Troy had a thousand suitors.
You pretty lovers are lucky you met me here.
Fair princess, you have missed some good sport.
Well, sir, and you, witty lady, who gave me quite a turn with your strange talk. My name is Vincentio, my hometown
Dear sir, I pity the lady and wish more for her sake than my own.
Young boy, I wish I could make you believe that I am in love.
You who are beautiful beyond words, calm down and let me explain myself.
You have said it well.
Listen, Fairy King.
Yes, that one.
He rushed away on serious business.
Tonight he boarded a treasure ship.
Yes, we are the privates in her army.
Maybe it is an English tailor who liked to skimp on the fabric for people’s clothes.
Yes, I know her age down to the hour.
What do you say, James?  Well, I do not know what to say.
Honestly, I did not see it, but I felt it in her hot breath.
Listen, I am going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Yes, that is quite likely.
I am sure he will get even with you.
No, not if you say it right.
Name one.
Once or twice she sighed and said, “father,” as if the word were pressing on her chest.
Well, so-so.
I assure you, sir, there is nothing to be afraid of.
Actually, I am still feeling some pangs of conscience.
Let’s stay here tonight.
It is true, that was not such a nice thing to do.
The priest was good enough, no matter what that old man said.
There has been a whole debate on the topic.
Well, we can put away our pipes and go home.
Well, we almost fought and then realized that we had reached the seventh cause.
Let the world collapse around us.
Do not shed even one tear.
That is the way to do it.
Eat.
Hide with a false pleasant face what you know in your false, evil heart.
You corrupt judge, why did you let her escape?
She is cheating on me.
Woman, stop your frantic curses and false prophesies before we run out of patience and do something bad to you.
No!
Your cheeks are thin because of hunger.
I do not owe her any duty. It is you that I submit to.
I think I hear the drums far away.
Good-bye.
Good-bye for a while.
Farewell, lady.
Goodbye, nymph.
I am still a virgin.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
Good-bye.
Well then, goodbye.
Goodbye, then.
I like you very much.
Goodbye, boy.
Goodbye, Jessica.
Goodbye, my lord.
Good-bye, my lord.
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
Take care.
Have a safe trip.
There you go.
Goodbye, then.
That will be fine.
Farewell to you both.
Goodbye to my happiness!
Goodbye to the horses and the trumpets and the drums, the flute and the banners, and all those proud displays and pageantry of war
Goodbye to the soldiers and to the wars that make men great.
Farewell till then.
See you soon.
Farewell to you, and you, and you, Volumnius.
If luck is with me, I will lose a father, and you will lose a daughter.
Farewell, and thanks.
Goodbye, dear Father.
Good-bye, sir.
Farewell, everyone.
Goodbye, beautiful, cruel woman.
Farewell, farewell.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Farewell, farewell!
Farewell, old man.
It is time for me to say goodbye to you.
Farewell, my lord.
Goodbye, Launcelot.
Farewell, good Salisbury; and may good luck go with you.
Goodbye, good Mr. Love.
Farewell, good Strato.
Good-bye, great commander.
Farewell, hostess.
Good-bye, kind Charmian.
Farewell, kind lord.
Farewell, kind master.
Goodbye, cousin.
Good-bye, my dearest sister, good-bye.
Goodbye, my Desdemona.
Good-bye, my lord.
Goodbye, my husband.
Goodbye, gentlemen.
Goodbye, my sweet lord. Goodbye, my sister.
Goodbye to both of you, dear teachers.
Goodbye, old friend.
Goodbye then, Hero.
Goodbye, you dumb old spirit.
Goodbye.
Goodbye!
Farewell!
Only God knows when we will meet again.
Farewell.
Good-bye.
Good-bye, son.
Goodbye.
So long.
Good night.
Goodbye.
Fate, do your work.
Sir, this is the truth: you and the rest of the people who have ever talked about her have all been wrong.
Father, wife, friends—farewell!
I am glad you have come, father.
Father, could I please ask you to tell these people what happened between me and this young man?
Father, go ahead.
Father, what is the news?
He has a father, and yet he is fatherless.
Usually fathers produce children, not the other way around.
Fathers who wear rags make their children neglect them.
Fathers, never trust your daughters just because they act obedient and innocent.
Promising favors?
I am suddenly afraid.
Keep your love under control, and do not let yourself become a target of his lust.
Watch out, Ophelia.
Don’t worry, man, I will not try to escape.
Do not worry about me.
Do not worry about me. Your sister and the duke are here.
Do not worry about how I handle it.
Do not worry, Baptista, you will be perfectly satisfied.
Do not be afraid, Cesario.
Do not worry, sir.
Do not be afraid.
Let’s start.
You are afraid of the boar, but you go around without your spear?
Do you have any doubts, Antonio?
Right now we are shaken up by fears and doubts.
Does not a Jew eat the same food, get hurt with the same weapons, get sick with the same diseases, get healed by the same medicine
Eat your dinner and pay no attention to him.
Eat and sleep.
Feed him apricots and blackberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Can you feel your legs?
Feeling the loss like this, I cannot help but weep for him.
My man, Grumio!
You, fellow, step out of the crowd.
I do not know you.
Will you join me?
Let’s go.
Bring Desdemona here.
Bring out the stocks!
Get going.
Bring me the handkerchief. My mind is full of doubt.
Bring me this plant, and get back here before the sea monster has time to swim three miles.
Bring that swinger Orlando here.
Bring his will here, and we will figure out a way to reduce his bequests to the people.
Bring your master home.
The hell with her!
To hell with you!
To hell with you!
Damn it!
The words, “but yet!” are like a jailer about to bring out some horrible criminal.
Damn you!
Shame on you, Demetrius.
To hell with all worn-out horses, all crazy masters, and all bad roads.
It is cheap and nasty.
Give me an aphrodisiac, pharmacist.
You will be ashamed of this forever.
You have so much natural talent, but like someone who hoards money, you use none of your talent for the right purpose.
Shame on you.
Girls, girls!
Nonsense!
You have impatience all over your face.
My bones ache so much.
Damn it, this is not funny.
Shush, sir, please.
You should not talk about him like that.
Nobody is that bad.
You should be ashamed of yourself, Satan, you liar!
What kind of question is that?
What a slug Hastings is that he hasn’t even arrived to tell us whether they are coming.
Shame on you.
For shame!
Fierce, fiery warriors fought in the clouds in the usual formations of war—ranks and squadrons.
What is “passionately”?
What is “ Passionate”?
Fight valiantly today.
Fill my cup, Lucius, until the wine overflows.
You piece of filth, you are lying.
They only like things as bad as themselves.
Look up moonshine, look up moonshine.
Find out what this villainous Edgar is thinking, Edmund.
Find the people whose names are on this list.
Find out the way, and I will find the right man.
I am going to rest my head on this little slope.
What a fine sight!
Oh, that is very nice!
It is time to end it, good lady.
Damn it all!
Set fire!
The sentence I have passed down on her is firm and unshakeable.
First, he said you had no right to him.
First kiss me, Kate, and then we will.
First, let me talk with this philosopher.
First, let’s go to dinner.
Answer me that first.
First of all, my house in the city, as you know, is filled with expensive furniture and household articles, china and gold, and
Let’s go to the temple first.
First, Peter Quince, tell us what the play is about, then read the names of the actors.
First, he sends his regards.
First, I ask you what they have done; thirdly, I ask you what offense they are charged with; and fourthly, I ask
I have to tell you that Desdemona is completely in love with him.
First of all, even if all the obstacles were eliminated and my path led straight to the crown, if it were truly my birthright, I
Well, first of all, my horse is tired and my master and mistress have had a falling out.
Let me say first, madam, that he is well.
No, before.
First of all, Pyramus has to take out a sword to kill himself. The ladies in the audience will not be able to stand.
First rehearse your song from memory, and make sure each note is pretty.
First there was the prince from Naples.
I have hired five hundred almsmen to hold up their withered hands to heaven, praying for my pardon twice a day throughout the year.
I will bet any man who knows the law five shillings on it.
I have spent five years in the remotest parts of Greece and roaming all over Asia.
Twenty-five, sir.
That is burglary, that is.
You have only yourself to thank.
He ran out that way, sir, when he couldn’t follow him.
Fled to England?
He ran to his house, stunned.
Flies can kiss her, but I must flee the city.
You purple flower, hit by Cupid’s arrow, sink into the pupils of this man’s eyes.
Escape and make peace with Caesar.
Retreat further, my lord, retreat further.
Get away from here and leave me.
Do not run away. Stay where you are.
Run, run, my lord.
Get out of here, good Fleance, run, run, run!
Run, everyone, run!
Run, my lord, run.
Therefore you must run, noble Cassius.
Flee?
I folded up the new document, signed it, sealed it, and put it back so that no one noticed any difference.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest disgrace to your whole gender.
Come with me and I will get it for you.
Do not follow me.
Follow me, madam. Throw the blind traitor outside.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Do not follow me.
Follow that gentleman now, and be careful not to make fun of him.
Let’s follow the music as far as we can without leaving our station and see if it stops.
Follow your spirit, and as you charge, cry, “God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow and see to it that nothing serious happens between them.
Follow it, follow it!
Follow them, please.
Follow?
He followed the old man.
He is drunk, Sir Toby, for a whole hour now.
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Fool, fool, fool!
Fool, I say.
Fool, I will repay you for this favor.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool!
Foolish dogs, blindly running straight toward a Russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish girl, in the eyes of most people this man is a Caliban, and compared to him, they are angels.
It is easy to get Desdemona on your side.
I meant a crowbar.
Just obey me a little bit longer.
Let me try: If there is a buck who needs a doe, tell him Rosalind will do.
For the other men, we can make them believe anything we choose.
As for Antony, I am not interested in his requests.
Did I do anything good to myself?
You asked for justice, so rest assured you will get more justice than you bargained for.
Listen, in books they say that true love always faces obstacles.
The good news is that we are also celebrating his marriage.
If you and I do not value her equally, it would be better for us to work out our differences without her.
I wish that were true for both of us.
We are ready for both, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus’ sake, I am indebted to you.
There was a rumor, you know, people always gossip about royalty, that he was in love with the beautiful Olivia.
Along the way, I will find an opportunity to separate him from the queen’s proud relatives, as step one in the plan.
It is certain that she is dead, and she died in a strange way.
He is not there, sir.
For assuredly, you are so near the abyss that you will be swallowed up.
She deserves to have rocks and stones thrown on her body.
For heaven's sake, stop this savage brawl!
For various reasons, please do this for me.
The wind is whipping up the waves so high you expect them to reach the clouds and splash against the stars in the sky.
I scolded you for obsessing about her, not for loving her, my student.
For my brother Edward’s sake.
The king of England’s approach is as forceful as a whirlpool.
To get what you want, you need to get Cassio out of the way.
Every minute we expect more ships to arrive.
No, because my manly heart is grieving.
King Edward was going to marry Lady Lucy, your mother can vouch for that.
That is because you are near me, and you are as dazzling as the sun.
For God’s sake, let me hear it.
For God’s sake would someone bring me a mug of beer?
Stop, for God’s sake.
For God's sake, send somebody else.
For God’s sake, find a house to duck into.
Half of your wealth goes to Antonio.
As for Hamlet and his attentions to you, just consider it a flirtation, the temporary phase of a hot-blooded youth.
I am sure he is somewhere on the island.
He loves to hear me tell him how men can be snared by flatterers, just like unicorns can be captured in trees, elephants in
He begs for the opportunity to help you.
The wooing is like a Scottish jig: hot and fast and full of whimsy and illusion.
For heaven’s sake, help me!
As for him, I never think about him.
For himself to ruin,” he says.
There was no end to his generosity.
As for his thoughts, I wish he would think about nothing at all rather than think about me all the time.
He is not brave enough to be wise.
I am almost ready to break down hearing this much.
I am the man who was born to tame and change you from a wildcat Kate into a Kate as gentle and domestic as other household Kates
Just looking at you makes me sick.
I know my nails are stronger than my eyes; I will scratch them out.
I am sure that although you may know what temperance is, you have never experienced it firsthand.
I am Trinculo. Do not be scared. I am your good friend Trinculo.
I can put him in the right mood, and I will bring him to the Capitol.
I had put bitter wormwood on my breast as I was sitting in the sun, under the wall of the dovehouse.
I have neither cleverness nor rhetorical skill nor the authority nor gesture nor eloquence to stir men up.
Listen to me, because I am older than you.
I would be wasting my skills dealing with an idiot like that if I could not get something useful out of him.
My eyes were liars, then, because I never saw true beauty before tonight.
I am as commanding as she is proud, and when two raging fires meet, they end up consuming the very thing that kindled them.
I will make him tell me the whole story again, including how often he slept with your wife.
If we let crimes like this happen, slaves and heathens will be our rulers.
If the Jew cuts deep enough, I will pay it instantly with all my heart.
Since if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog, kissing the corpse, do you have a daughter?
If you continue treating Hermia so badly, you will pay for it.
In the entire play, not one word is well-written, and not one of the actors is right for his part.
Who would waste his time talking to such a stupid bird?
Everyone knows that when you pour a drink out of a cup and into a glass, the cup becomes empty.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand up.
For lead?
You must understand, Silius, that it is better to leave something undone than achieve too much fame in your superior’s absence.
Remember that Hamlet is young and has a lot more freedom to fool around than you do.
I followed him because I loved him.
Be patient with him.
There is hardly a bush for miles around.
As for me, I will leave when I like.
Well, to be on the safe side, so I do not go back on my promise, I plan to get myself married to a wealthy widow
I thank God that I failed in my scheme, and I rejoice in paying the penalty, as I beg God and you to pardon me.
Three thousand ducats.
As for me, I welcome my good luck with sadness.
As for Michael Cassio, I think it would be safe for me to swear that he is honest.
My own safety is the only important thing now.
I am always happy to hear about brave men.
Speaking for myself, and no offense to the general or anyone else, I hope I am going to heaven.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me take care of him.
Murder has no tongue, but miraculously it still finds a way to speak.
My brother thinks highly of you, and because of his affection, has helped arrange your marriage. That was a waste of his time and energy.
I can eat lunch.
Lord Babyface over there will meet me in a duel. Good luck to him.
I am so amazed by this, I do not know what to say.
For my part, I am sorry this battle turned into a drinking match.
For my part, I do not care.
I would rather be with you than with you.
I have walked around the streets, exposing myself to the perilous night, unbuttoned like this.
My man is so drunk he cannot speak.
My uncle is king of Denmark and the same people who made fun of him while my father was still alive are now rushing to pay twenty, forty
There is nothing on Earth that is so evil that it does not provide the earth with some special quality.
I would not allow any commerce.
Fulvia’s death and the pressing concerns related to it are not the only reasons I am eager to return to Rome. My friends in
He is furious because she stole an adorable boy from an Indian king.
He had begged me to steal it many times.
Once, on a cold and windy day when the river Tiber was crashing against its banks, Caesar said to me, “Cassius
For one reason, they refused to execute her.
In our case, our bad neighbors have made us early risers, a healthy and sensible thing to be.
His coffers are too small to account for our losses, his entire kingdom is too small to account for the amount of blood we have shed, and
Because Pyramus is a good-looking man, the most handsome man that you could find on a summer’s day.
It is tragic because Pyramus kills himself.
But with you, it is different.
For shame, bring Juliet out here.
Your heart is going to break.
You should be ashamed, generals.
She had placed a wreath of fresh flowers around his hairy forehead, and the drops of dew that lay in the center of the flowers made
She is wise, if I am judging her right.
Because that is what you are now.
For standing up for this unpopular king.
That would be a little extreme.
Because he is daring us to do it.
You cannot blame me for her offenses.
For the favor of sleeping in her bed.
You can speak to me.
He will show me the part of heaven where the bachelors sit, and I will have fun there forever.
Be tough, says the devil, and run!
The law fully authorizes the penalty, which you have to pay according to the contract.
For God’s sake, shut up!
For the love of God call a doctor.
For the love of God, help us.
As for the food, it will be served in covered dishes.
Usually that means a person is foolish.
I have no gift for the one and no strength for the other, though I have the gift of strength.
Even the fragile wren, the smallest of birds, will fight against the owl when it threatens her young ones.
I will take the Queen into my custody.
About the table, sir, dinner will be served on it.
I hear what they say about him for doing that.
As I said before, Antonio will guarantee the loan.
With all of them at once, they work together to create an entirely evil person.
I will marry the earl of Warwick’s youngest daughter, Lady Anne.
There is no scarier wild bird than the living lion, and we should remember that.
There never was a woman who did not like to look in the mirror.
These chatty fellows who can rhyme their way into a lady’s good graces always reason themselves out again.
Rosalind, I have to leave you for two hours.
Anyone who says you are a man must not notice how young you are.
The two of them were separated during the storm.
Let’s go to bed and dream about this.
Caesar hanged him for this service.
For now, do not try to persuade me anymore. I ask you as a friend.
Because if you must know, she has been chosen by Signior Gremio.
Thank you for letting me go.
As for this slave, Iago, if we can think of any torture that will hurt him a lot but keep him alive a long time,
I will leave you for now.
I will give you cramps for saying that—horrible pains in your sides that will keep you from breathing.
We are trying to be reasonable while you are upset, and we understand that you are old, and that you are upset.
Even though she is as similar to Goneril as one crabapple is to another, still, I know what I know.
For three months.
You would have made me treat them like a tyrant. I am done.
Good ones, too.
I will think it over.
As for me, I am surrendering all my power to him, giving him absolute authority for the rest of his life.
As for us, you know we are Antony’s, and he is Caesar’s.
We will put a leash on this danger that is now running wild.
What could I hope to get from you, who has nothing but your charm to support you in life?
For what favor?
What right did he have to scold me like that?
Because who is this man they follow?
What did they do wrong?
Why would you do that, my love?
Two reasons.
What?
I will grit my teeth and kill anyone who tries to stop me.
When rich villains need poor villains' services, those poor ones can name the price.
Afraid that your anger would not subside, she sent you a message that she was dead.
That is when you gave them the spanking paddle and pulled your pants down.
After all, who would put up with all of life’s humiliations—the abuse from superiors, the insults of arrogant men, the
For whose sake did I do that sick deed?
With one little toss of his head, he can scare you off for good.
Women are like roses: the moment their beauty is in full bloom, it is about to decay.
You know, uncle, a sparrow once raised a cuckoo in its nest until the cuckoo grew up and bit the sparrow
You are supposed to show that you understand that Pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and is coming right back.
It is too hot.
As for your coming in to dinner, do what you feel is right.
Please do not ask me about what happened between us.
For the sake of your father's memory, make peace.
You would not have dared, out of fear for your life.
For you, our swords have blunt edges, too dull to harm you.
Your doctors have expressly forbidden me to sleep with you, as there is a risk that you might have a relapse.
It is easier to buy young people than to beg or borrow them.
For, as I am a soldier, the name is the one that suits me best. Once I begin my attack on Harfleur again,
If it is sad to see a handsome man with a cheating wife, it is a tragedy to see an ugly thug with a faithful wife.
I swear by the heavens, which have grown pale in sympathy with us. I am going with you, whatever you say.
I have no idea why he stopped loving me.
Because Tybalt was killed, people might think that we do not care about his memory as our relative if we have too grand a party.
I am sure you have your hands full preparing for the sudden festivities.
Look how cheerful my mother is, only two hours after my father died.
I ran into her recently at the edge of the forest looking for sweet presents for this hateful idiot. I scolded her and argued with her.
Because, my good king, England is so poorly led, her scepter so foolishly borne by a vain, foolish, impulsive youth
I have shut the memory of your beautiful eyes out of my mind.
Ever since these deadly conflicts erupted between your violent countrymen and us, both you Syracusians and we Ephesians have held serious councils
As sure as your name is Roderigo, if I were the Moor, I would not want to be Iago.
Because, you know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight.
Leave me.
Remember your children as being sweeter than they actually were, and think of the man who killed them as worse than he is.
When some lowlife protests that you should stop eating, and eat no more.
My God, what a great song!
My God, they have given me a lot to drink.
Forever and a day.
Forever and forever, Brutus!
Forever and forever, Cassius!
Do not think about her.
Forgotten you!
Luck and Antony separate here and now.
Let fortune and victory be yours.
I hope she does not have a crush on me.
She provides an excellent moral.
Fortune is happy today and will give us anything we want.
I hope luck will give me what my heart hopes for.
May good luck follow you.
Lady Luck is a fickle whore and never gives the poor a break.
Forty thousand brothers, if you added all their love together, couldn't match mine.
Bad deeds will be revealed no matter how people try to hide them.
Shame on you; I have already run out of patience with you.
Bad times?
If you had foul words in your mouth, then your breath must be foul, and foul breath is nauseating.
Ugly, wrinkled witch, what are you doing here?
You who are wicked beyond belief, the only "explanation" I will accept from you is for you to hang yourself.
Did he express any dissatisfaction with you, either in his words or his face?
No, you will see, four days will quickly turn into four nights.
Four legs, two voices, and a very special monster.
Since we dream at night, time passes quickly.
Eighty ducats in one shot.
Eighty ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-repairman?
Free from the bondage you are in, Messala.
I did not say free, madam.
Freedom!
Go ahead and rage till your proud heart breaks.
She must be, Friar.
Friar!
Launcelot, what is going on?
I am friends with you all and love you all, on one condition: that you prove to me that Caesar was dangerous.
Friends of this country.
Friends, go.
Friends, come here.
Break it up.” Then he jumped in between them and forced them to put their swords down.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your attention.
Friendship is enduring except when love is involved.
May the good Lord keep me safe from all women like her.
She lives about twenty miles from Athens, and she thinks of me as a son.
Yes, my lord.
At my humble house tonight, you can expect to see dazzling stars that walk on the ground and light the sky from below.
Some French agents are already at work in our main ports and are on the verge of declaring open war.
He was covered with blood from his helmet to his spurs.
From now on I will, cousin, and I will think of all kinds of games for us.
He stole it from me.
She went from me, who loved her with the dignity and devotion that suits a legitimate marriage, to a wretch whose natural gifts were poor compared
From my house, if I had a house.
From our brother monarch, the king of England?
From the time I was seventeen, over sixty years ago, I have lived in this house, but now I will live here no more.
From Silvius.
Once I am there, I will no longer need a guide.
Was he sent by Count Orsino?
You fell from the top of this chalk cliff.
They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine and see this living, breathing saint.
From this moment on, I will never say another word.
From now on this is what I will think of your love.
From head to toe?
Bring me to face with Macbeth, that devil of Scotland.
For a full half hour.
I have looked at many ladies with pleasure.
I am here, full of anger, to complain about my daughter Hermia.
It is often the case that having something makes us spoiled, while not having it turns out to be advantageous.
Fulvia is dead.
Your wife, Fulvia, mustered her army first.
Your wife, Fulvia, is dead.
Fulvia?
Could you please take my servant to old Shylock’s house?
Get over there, Tyrant, there.
I would have been what I am even if the most virginal star in the heavens had twinkled at my conception.
Gentleman, I am not the same man I was before.
Gallus, you go with him.
You claim you gave it to a judge’s clerk.
He intends to do something bad to you.
Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him.
My darling, when I gave my love to you, I told you that all the wealth I had had ran within my veins.
No, gentle madam.
Noble Mercutio, put your sword away.
Gentle Octavia, support the one that supports you.
Hello, sir.
I believe this piece of trash, Bianca, has something to do with all this trouble.
Gentlemen, we will not stay here and anger you further.
Now, now, both of you gentlemen!
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I can find young Romeo?
Gentlemen, on to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, stand up.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Maria, our lady wants you.
Gertrude, do not drink that.
Get him to bed and make sure his wounds are treated.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Prepare the horses for your lady.
Put a candle in my study, Lucius.
Get me some ink and paper, and hire some horses to ride.
Get me some poison tonight, Iago.
Put on your nightgown, in case someone comes and sees that we are awake.
You should get a wife.
Get going now.
Get on your way and hire those horses.
Go, but sign the deed.
Get out of here.
Go away.
Get yourself to a convent, at once.
Get yourself to a meeting.
Go home to bed, Francisco.
You do the same.
Take your seat.
Hide behind the boxwood hedge, all three of you.
Now go, and hurry back.
Go away now and in the morning meet me in the pit by the river in hell.
Go to your deaths, poor miserable wretches, the pain of which may merciful God give you the strength to endure.
Go back to bed.
Go to bed right now.
Go to bed, dear.
Get yourself to a church and have a proper priest who can tell you what marriage is all about, marry you.
Go back to your lord.
Now it is time to get your costumes together.
Frightening looks are also at my service, as are fake smiles.
God gives those gifts, but I had nothing to do with it.
Gilded tombs contain worms.
Let’s shake it.
Please hear what Goneril is saying.
Listen to many people, but talk to few.
All right, but first let the ambassadors speak.
Marry her as you should have married her cousin, and I will let my revenge die.
Give her this key, and tell her that there is money in the desk that is covered with a Turkish tapestry.
Give him a noose to hang himself.
You are giving him a present?
Give him the instructions for our amusing little contract, and I will go get the money for you right away.
Watch him closely.
Do not give him time to catch his breath.
Take good care of him.
Give him the goblet.
Give him this deed and have him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these letters, Reynaldo.
Give me an almanac.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me one good reason to believe she is cheating on me.
Wake up my whole household!
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse.
Tell me.
Give me some trinket of yours, and I will wear it in my hat.
Let me talk, good lady.
Give me Bianca for my inheritance.
Give me too much of it, so I will get sick of it and stop loving.
God will protect me.
Leave me alone for a minute.
Let me speak my mind, and I will rid the world of its sickness if it will only tolerate my medicine.
May I speak, Caesar?
Allow me to continue.
Give me my fishing rod.
Give me my armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my money and let me go.
Give me my robe, because I am going.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin back.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
You may leave.
Give me details.
Help me.
Give me some ink and paper.
Get me out of here.
Give me a little breathing space, my lord, a little pause to think.
Play me some music.
Give me some wine and let me say a few words.
Give me that boy and I will come with you.
Give me that pickax and the crowbar.
Give me the goblets.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me that letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand and let me see you dressed in woman’s clothing.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Let me help you up.
Give me your torch, boy.
Tell me the truth.
Give me your answer, and we will shake on it.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand first.
Give me your hand, and explain your situation to me.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Let me shake your hand.
Give me some applause, if we are friends, and Robin will make everything up to you.
Give me your first.
Give me your present to give to Master Bassanio.
Give it to me.
Give me one,” I said.
Give it to me.
Let my sorrow have the upper hand.
Tell my servants not to mention that we were gone.
Spread the word.
Pass on the command to halt.
Leave them alone until he sets off home, and then follow him.
Do not say what you are thinking, and do not be too quick to act on what you think.
You can give good news in many ways, but let bad news interpret itself as you tell it.
Heaven help us.
Please leave us alone for a moment.
I would like to introduce you to my friend.
Good day to you, sir.
Have a good morning.
Good night to you both.
Good night.
The old king was so overjoyed by this promise that he gave young Fortinbras an annual income of three thousand. I like this
Are you the one who made him desert Perigouna in the middle of the night, right after he had raped her?
Gloucester, it is true that we are in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Come, driver!
Follow her.
Go.
Go to my brother Cassius.
You should ask her.
Tell her we mean her no disrespect.
Go and tell them this.
Go and get her dressed.
Go hide, Adam, and you will hear how he abuses me.
Arm yourself.
Go ask.
Go back again, to be beaten home again.
Go back again, slave, and bring him home.
Dromio, bring this money to the Centaur Inn, where we are lodging, and wait there until I come.
Go tell the priests to perform a sacrifice immediately, and bring me their interpretation of the results.
Go bring them all here; I give you power over them.
Come with me tonight, and you will see a man enter her bedroom chamber. Even tonight, the night before her wedding.
Get out of my face.
Ask him in here.
Take them back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood.
That way Antony will feel like he is fighting his own men.
Ariel, go order my goblin servants to make these fellows' bones ache, give them muscle cramps, and give them more bruises.
Keep me in your thoughts and go comfort your cousin.
We will start a fire.
Get it, sister.
Go get my best clothes.
Go bring them here.
Agrippa, go start the battle.
Take him to the surgeons.
Get it ready immediately.
Go get some water and wash this bloody evidence from your hands.
Hurry, go!
Now get out of here.
Come inside with me and I will tell you my plan.
Come back to my house with me.
I made my father angry, so I went to Friar Lawrence’s cell to confess and be forgiven.
Go in, and do not cry.
Go inside, Nerissa.
Take care of him.
My letters are ready to go.
You should disguise yourself as a sea nymph.
Unless my horse is faster than expected, I will be back an hour or two after sunset.
Go away.
Go away.
Go on ahead.
Go and put on your own armor.
Please release them, Ariel.
Bring him to me.
Go find him.
Go find the traitor Gloucester.
Go and wiggle your ears!
Show your slaves how mad you are, and make your servants tremble.
Go to sleep, and listen to us laughing.
She is insistent.
Take this garment, put it on, and then come back here.
Go tell him about this.
Go gather your men, but leave behind your son, George Stanley.
Find a time to speak with Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go, then, mother to your daughter.
You should tell your master I am here.
Go there and compare her objectively to some other girls.
You should go to Juliet and dress her up.
Come with me and let me advise you.
Go ahead.
He can sniff his way to Dover.
Hurry to a convent.
Well, do what you want.
Tell him to surrender.
Go to him and speak to him.
Go to my room and put on something of mine.
Go to the gate.
Go to the platform, Brutus.
Get into your cold beds and warm yourselves up.
Go play with yourself.
Go relax now.
Go away, now.
Go on, take them.
Please be quiet.
Go then, goodbye.
Go on.
Enough.
Go on, go on.
Come on, sir.
Come on, I will not stand for it anymore.
Be quiet, you are Antonio.
Be quiet.
All right then.
As you please.
I tell you, they are not honest men.
Go ahead.
Go on, tell it.
Oh, come on, woman.
Come, come, you are too clever for your own good.
Oh, go away, you are a boring fool.
Get lost.
Oh, come on.
Shut up.
You will see.
Go walk the path that you will never return from.
Go wake Juliet.
Let’s go to him.
Come and see the proof.
If you do not repay me on the day we agree on, in the place we name, for the sum of money fixed in our contract,
Come help me bless this couple so they will be prosperous and have many children.
Come with me, I will show you, and along the way, you can tell me where you live.
Come with me to see the duchess.
Go with me to the tomb.
Come with me, and let’s smother my fiendish son who smothered your two sweet sons.
Come with me, Silvius.
Come with me.
Go with my brothers to my English peers.
You go and talk to the duke so he will not notice that I am helping the king.
Go get Aliena ready, because, look, here comes my Rosalind.
Go to her and tell her for me.
Go and tell my daughter I want to speak with her.
You go ahead, and I will follow you.
You go down toward the Capitol, and I will go this way.
Go to him from me.
Come with me now and help me out.
You come with me, uncle of Exeter.
And you, go call my fool.
Bring them right in.
Go, and hurry back to bring us her reply and news of her state of mind.
Go, get out of here.
Go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up.
Tie up the servant, for he is mad as well.
Biondello, go and tell your mistress to come to me.
Go get me a crow.
Come on, bring them in.
By this token, you will be admitted to their cell.
Go, bring him here, boy.
Go, coward that you are.
Send his treasure to him.
Go get me something I can use to break down the door.
Get out of here, you worthless, lying wretch.
Go, get out!
Go be with your love, as it was decided at your wedding.
Go, girl, look for a man who will give you happy nights at the end of happy days.
Go, daughter.
Hurry now, get the job done.
Go, good countrymen, and to make up for what you have done wrong, gather up all the poor men like yourselves, lead them to
Hurry, go up to the roof.
Go on, get out of here.
Go to Francis Seacole, the constable of the watch.
Meet me at the synagogue.
Go hang yourselves, all of you.
Duke Solinus, my husband, and both my children—and you two Dromios, who marked the day of my sons' births with
Please leave me.
Lovell, go as fast as you can to Doctor Shaw.
Go now and get cash.
Go to the tomb of your great-grandfather, from whom your own title to the crown derives.
One of you go find the forest ranger.
One of you should call the Jew into court.
Go, Pindarus, climb a little higher on this hill.
Now, set up for dinner.
Go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face, cowardly boy.
Go, blockheads, and bring my supper to me.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go look for him.
Go, lad, and take them to the pantry.
Come along with me.
Servants, take these gentlemen to see Hamlet.
Take it away and let your master make whatever use of it he can.
There is no point in looking for him if he does not want to be found.
Go!
Go ahead and write it down.
Go, you old housewife, go.
You cannot see the future.
Off!
Go.
Go on.
Horny animals!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
I am whipped and tortured. May God give you a good evening.
God bless you for being here.
God bless you, sir.
God Almighty, there must be some essential goodness even in evil, if men would only look for it.
May God and his angels guard your sacred throne and grant that you dignify it for a long time.
We have God and a good cause on our side.
God protect and guard us from them.
I was sent for a rope.
God and your work be praised, victorious friends.
Let him go, Gertrude.
God be with you and keep you, and may he heal your head.
God be with all of you, princes.
May God be at your table.
Goodbye.
God bless you.
God bless my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God forbid he wants to challenge me.
God bless you and make you obedient, loving, and kind.
Hello and God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
Goodbye.
God protect me from these two.
God have mercy on us.
Well, good for him.
I hope I enjoy wearing it, for my heart is very heavy.
I hope we have the time some day.
May God bring you sleep.
God give him health.
It is clear that someone less noble, less loyal, more bloody-minded than Clarence, but not a blood relation, deserves as bad an end
Let’s hope we never need your help for anything.
God gives you one face, but you paint another on top of it.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God help Claudio!
God help you, foolish man.
Well, let’s hope your good fortune continues!
God bless her!
God should keep me from false friends, but they weren’t false.
God keep me so.
God protect you from them and from other false friends.
Well, I hope you stay in that frame of mind or some poor man will end up with his face all scratched up.
Let’s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind.
God bless your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, and now she is dead—slandered to death by cowards.
We might as well call him a man, since God created him.
Pray God does some surgery on you. You need to be fixed.
I hope God makes you happy again, like you once were.
May God choose you to receive his grace.
God pardon those who are responsible for Clarence’s troubles.
May God in His mercy forgive you.
Farewell, sir.
I hope that God restores you to health.
God save the charitable organization!
God save the king!
Thank you, sir.
May God keep you well, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God bless you, Petruchio.
I hope you go senile soon, sir, so you can become a more foolish fool.
God forbid that I should prevent sacred devotion.
God say, “Amen.
God will take revenge.
God will revenge it.
With God as my witness, I swear I have wept for you.
Good afternoon, fair lady.
Good morning, gentlemen.
God have mercy, Grumio!
Yes, right away.
May God, who is the best matchmaker, join your hearts and realms in one.
May God strike on our side!
May God's blessing go with you and with all who turn bad into good, and enemies into friends.
Good heavens, man, give them more than that!
Goddammit!
Honest to God, where is the sexton?
By God, I would not lose as much honor as a single man would cost me, I think.
As it is God’s will and pleasure, I entreat you to come quickly to the king.
In God’s name, I beg you not to wish for another man.
Good evening to your Worship, Captain James.
The Egyptian flagship, the Gods and goddesses, the whole congregation of them.
Hello, beautiful Helena!
Is Fleance going with you?
Is the king leaving today?
Gold, silver, and common lead.
She is gone.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Dear man, calm your rage.
Beautiful ladies, please do not treat me badly.
Cheer up, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper and be sure to lay it in the judge’s chair where Brutus sits so he will find
Corporal Nym, be a man and put away your sword.
Good advice, indeed.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning to you, friend.
Good day and happiness to you, Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, come receive your daughter.
Good evening, brother.
Good evening, good evening.
Good Enobarbus, you would be doing a very good thing if you advised your captain to speak calmly and quietly.
Good Enobarbus, consider yourself my guest as long as you are here.
Good Enobarbus!
That is how flimsy and unreal pleasure is.
No, it was a little one, not more than a pint.
When I ran into this holy man, those men you mentioned did come to mind.
It certainly wasn’t true for Richard.
How silly we are.
Good father, I am begging you to be patient and listen to me say just one thing.
Good fool, good jester, I will make it worth your while if you get me a candle, and a pen, ink and paper.
My dear fool, because my brother died.
Be a nice fool and help me find a candle and some paper.
Get me some ink, paper, and a candle.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and good-bye.
Leave me, my friend.
Please go to him, my friend.
Please get him, my friend, I beg you.
Good friend,” he said, “say that the faithful Roman sends an oyster’s treasure to the great Queen of Egypt
Good friends, go in and have some wine with me.
Please, my lady, confirm that you are the lady of the house so I can get on with my speech.
Good and noble young man, do not mess with someone who is desperate.
Gentlemen, please try to sharpen his interest even more, and let this play do him some good.
Good gentlemen, give me permission to speak.
Good gentlemen, look like you are rested and happy.
Tell me, good grandmother, is our father dead?
Nice Grumio, bring me some.
Guard them carefully until we decide how to punish them.
There is nothing like good hay, really sweet hay.
Good man, why are you crying?
God, help us not be jealous.
Good Hermia, please do not act so bitter toward me.
Good husband, come home soon.
Boys, how are you both doing?
Thank the lord for alliances.
Good Lord, how bright and splendid is the moon tonight!
Good Lord!
Go as fast as you can.
Please call him back in here.
Good lady, do not be angry with the child.
Please do, madam.
Good madam, let me speak.
Good madam, restrain yourself.
Please let me see your face.
Good madam, be patient.
Please be patient.
Thank you, madam.
Please let me prove you are a fool.
My dear madam, why are you in mourning?
Gracious Queen, even Herod of Judea wouldn't dare look at you unless you were in a good mood.
Margaret, run into the sitting room.
Maria, take care of this poor fellow.
Dear Mr. Fabian, do me another favor first.
Mr. Mustardseed, I know you very well.
Good Mr. Peaseblossom, I would like to get to know you better.
I hope that you are not angry that I have been equally attentive to you both.
Good food is not a big deal. Everyone can afford that.
My dear Miss Chat-her-up, I look forward to getting to know you better.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to all these lovely people.
That is right uncle, talk to your heart. Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, Benedick.
Good morning to both of you.
Good morning, brother Bedford.
Good morning, Brutus.
Good morning, Caesar.
Caius Ligarius, I was never your enemy so much as the sickness that has made you so thin.
Good day, Catesby.
Hello, Catesby.
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, father.
Good morning, my friends.
Good morning, General.
Good morning, lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate, for I hear that is what you are called.
Good day, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning neighbor Gremio.
Good morrow, neighbor, why do you go so fast?
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, Sir Thomas Erpingham!
Good morning, Prince; good morning, Claudio.
Good morning, Richmond.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Good morning, worthy Caesar.
Good grief, do you think that just because I am dressed like a man, I have a man’s patience?
My friends, remember that you are my guests here.
Please be quiet, Kent.
My Lord, you have always been a liar.
My lord, welcome this man.
My lord, here is the entrance.
My lord, please go inside.
Please go inside.
Please go in.
My good lord, I still need you to like me.
Hello, my lord, how have you been doing lately?
If I have any influence over you at all, please patch things up with him.
Please, tell us, sir.
My lord, could I have a word with you?
My lord, what is wrong with you?
Yes, my lord.
Thank you, sir.
Please answer, my good little student.
My good King, surprise the English and let them know what kind of kingdom you rule.
A good reputation is the most valuable thing we have—men and women alike.
Good news, good news!
Good night, Casca.
Good night.
Please, let me go.
Good night, brother.
Good night, dear Captain Blunt.
Unnatural acts will cause harm. Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night.
Good night, good night.
Good night, Iago.
Good night, lieutenant.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, you amazing woman.
Good night, Pompey.
Good night.
Good night, everyone.
My good man Norfolk, hurry to your post.
Hold your tongue.
Be kind now and tell me some excellent fortune.
Please, uncle, let’s go in and ask your daughters to forgive you.
Good old knight, gather them all together at my tent.
Is the news good or bad that you enter without knocking?
Gentlemen, go in there and grab him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Rest easy in the meantime.
Hide yourself, good Romeo.
Good point, and well said.
Tell this youth what it means to be in love.
Signior Angelo, please excuse us.
Sir, your age and status inspire more respect than your weapons do.
We are available.
There is a gentleman out there. Good Sir Toby!
Good sir.
Sir, be a man.
Good sir, calm down.
Good sir, stay close to me.
Good sir, as a friend, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, this ring was given to me by my wife.
Let’s get to the point.
Good noble ladies, be brave.
Let’s eat and stop worrying.
Dear sister, it is unfair to me and unfair to you to turn me into a slave.
Yes, just like this.
You, good friend, save me a piece of marzipan, and if you love me, have the porter let in Susan Grindstone
Good afternoon, my dear lord.
Do you have to harp on my inadequacy?
Good Ursula, wake my cousin and ask her to get up.
Good Volumnius, you know that we went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Forgive me, your grace.
Be patient, your highness.
Good, good, I like that. It is only fair.
Good, very good.
That is true.
Come on, men!
Just remember who you are on board with.
Good!
Good.
Good Lord, what a clown you are!
Sorry, sir, Goodman Verges tends to ramble.
Gower is a good captain, and is well versed in the wars.
Good luck, sir.
Those tears will bring blessings to you.
A man’s virtues will always show themselves, and that is the end of that.
Gracious King Edward has sent us noble Siward and ten thousand soldiers.
My gracious lord, I should tell you what I saw, but I do not know how to say it.
Dearest Olivia, what do you have to say for yourself, Cesario?
That is good advice.
Thank you.
His nurse, grandmother.
Yes,” said my uncle Gloucester, “Small plants are graceful, while ugly weeds grow fast.” And since then,
Grandmother, this would have been a biting joke.
Grant their law-abiding request.
Gratiano talks more nonsense than any other man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Worthy sir, greetings!
Large and increasing.
I have a lot to do before noon.
He is fortifying his castle at Dunsinane with heavy defenses.
Great God of heaven, say amen to all this.
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony is a widower now.
What an enormous thing for us to forget!
Gremio, this is no time to compete over how deeply we love Bianca.
Sadness over my son’s exile stopped her breath.
Do not be sad that this happened because of you, because Lady Luck has been nicer to me than usual.
Am I sorry that I only had one child?
Alas, grim death, how vile and ugly your near-twin, sleep, is.
I am left with nothing to do, unless I want to look at my lumpy shadow in the sun and sing about it.
Groan?
Grumio gave the order for how it should be done.
Grumio, get me my horse.
Are you mad?
What is banishment?
Are you good?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha!
Maybe they call me that because I am cheerful.
Hmm, let me see.
Portia!
What are you saying?
Ha!
What is this?
Huh!
Hey!
What?
Ha?
Yes?
No!
What?
Here is to you.
If he had as many lives as he has, I would have killed them all in revenge.
How could he have entertained these thoughts in his heart?
Would he have?
Were his wounds on his front side?
I would, if I had a mirror.
Even if I had a whole bunch of mouths, I would not be able to answer that question.
If I had as many sons as I have hairs on my head, I cannot hope that any of them would die more honorably than he did
If I had been a god, I would have let the sea sink inside the earth before it had a chance to swallow up that ship and all
If I had known this young man was his son, I would have tried harder to convince him not to fight.
If I had only died an hour before this event I could say I had lived a blessed life.
I would make the strong-winged messenger, Mercury, pick you up and seat you beside Jove.
Didn’t I use to have four or five women taking care of me?
If I could colonize this island, my lord, he would cultivate weeds on it.
If I were you with eyes and a tongue to speak with, I would crack heaven wide open with my laments.
Who will thank us now?
If my lips had the power to give life, I would wear them out like this.
Wouldn’t that have been just as appropriate?
If our general had been his old self, we would have won.
If she was young and passionate, she would move as fast as a ball.
If she had been faithful to me, I would never have given her up.
If we had fought like this before, we would have driven them home with bandaged heads.
I think if we had fought, we would have proven too young and strong for them.
If you had been as wise as you were bold, With an old man's mature judgment, You would not have had to read this scroll.
If you had not been their father, your white hair would have inspired in them only compassion.
If you had not shown up on cue, my lord, Lord Hastings was going to take your part in the crowning of the king.
Would you rather that Caesar were living and we all went to our graves as slaves, or that Caesar were dead and we all lived as free men
So you had time as you were dying to look around?
If you had, the kings that have revolted and the soldier that deserted this morning would still be behind you.
Did you have no poison, no sharp knife, no weapon you could use to kill me quickly?
Greetings, my lady, and may God always be with you.
Hail to you, Glamis!
Hail to your majesty.
Hello, sir.
Hail, brave friend!
Greetings, Caesar, my lord!
Hello, sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hello, mortal!
Greetings, Caesar!
Hail!
Hello!
He is afraid to come in.
Yes, it is, you half-blood.
Halfway down the cliff there is somebody clinging to the rock and gathering wild herbs. A risky business!
Hamlet, you are dead.
My daughter showed me this letter.
We will all join hands and sing, and bless this place with our fairy grace.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him immediately.
Damn that dirty black coalminer.
Forget about him, Jack.
Do not tug on my clothes.
Hang our flags on the outer walls.
Hang there on this tree, you lines of poetry, and bear witness to my love.
This epitaph will hang here forever, Continuing to praise Hero after I die.
Damn your mistress!
Destiny chooses when you will die and who you will marry.
Perhaps a woman’s voice may do some good when some small detail proves to be holding things up.
I think I see a friend who will pay my bail and save my life.
You scolded him in private?
Perhaps there is still some poison on them, to make me die with a medicinal kiss.
With any luck, the sea and new countries will push out these thoughts that have somehow taken root in his mind.
Hopefully when I get married, I will give my husband half my love and half my sense of duty.
Maybe you will see some little trinket you want to buy.
I am happy that I am not stupid, and I can learn.
I am happiest of all that I am yours now, my lord, my king, and you can guide me as you wish.
Yes, the second time around, since, as they say, old people become children.
I am happy to meet you, my lady and my wife.
A fortunate coincidence—more fortunate for your son.
I am happy to say “amen” to that.
Long live Theseus, our famous and respected duke!
Happy indeed, the way we have spent the day.
Hermia is lucky, wherever she is, because she has beautiful eyes.
It bothers me that these poor spotted innocents, who, after all, are this deserted city’s native citizens, should be gouged
Your parents are lucky to have such a lovely child.
England would be lucky to have this virtuous prince as king.
Happy that we are not too happy, lucky in being not too lucky.
Tie him up harder. You filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Keep listening.
Listen to our horses neighing, longing to be working.
Listen, Clitus.
Listen, Dardanius.
Your Romeo will be here tonight.
Listen to Guildenstern, and you too, Rosencrantz.
Please listen, sir.
Listen, boy!
Can you hear me?
Come here, Tyrrel.
Listen!
It is disgraceful.
Listen, listen!
Those trumpets are calling us in to dinner.
Listen, I hear them.
Listen to that Petruchio: she says she will see you hanged first.
Listen, they are howling.
Listen Tranio!
What is that noise?
Listen!
Look!
Listen.
Do not harp on that point, madam. It is past.
I will harp on it till my heartstrings break.
My spirit friend, Harpier, is yelling, “It is time, it is time!
Harry le Roy.
Has he ever tested out these ideas on you before?
Has he, sirs?
He has written you a letter.
Exactly.
Are you any kind of philosopher yourself?
You stole it from her?
Do you have desires?
Are you drunk?
Have you forgotten her?
Have you forgotten the horrid witch Sycorax, stooped over with old age and ill will?
Have you completely forgotten?
Did you find my daughter?
Have you spoken to him?
Do you care about me?
Do you have a letter for me from the friar?
Don’t you have one word of joy?
You come from heaven, don’t you?
Did you kill him?
Have you killed Tybalt?
Do you have the flower?
Do you have in there the pretty snake of the Nile that kills without pain?
Spirit, did you carry out the storm just as I ordered?
You would have to be as lazy as a weed on the shores of  I knew it!
Run as if your life depended on it.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Rivers and Grey, holy King Henry and your fine son Edward, Vaughan, and all who have died.
He has had a ship wrecked coming from Tripolis.
Has any man seen him at the barber’s?
Has he asked for me?
Has he taken care of the music?
Richard has set boundaries between my love and theirs.
Has homely old age taken the alluring beauty from my poor cheeks?
Haven’t you, boy?
Does Leonato have a son?
Doesn’t a Jew have eyes?
Doesn’t a Jew have hands, bodily organs, a human shape, five senses, feelings, and passions?
That is a sin young men often commit because they allow their eyes to wander.
He has to pay the price for his foolish actions.
Has Romeo killed himself?
Has she not forgotten her brave husband, Prince Edward, whom I stabbed on the battlefield three months ago in my anger?
Did she give up all those chances to marry noblemen, give up her father and country and friends, just to be called a whore?
Has she told Benedick how she feels?
Is this servant of yours a smart man?
Has there ever been a time when I have said something that was true, and it turned out not to be true?
Don’t you have any brothers like you?
Have all his business ventures failed?
Keep an eye on Cinna.
I will go straight for that proverb with “To hell with the devil.” You are better at proverbs than I am.
Let’s go at it, coward!
Take this!
I will come at you with the old proverb: “Should I make myself at home?
Pay a surgeon to stand by and bind his wounds, Shylock, so he does not bleed to death.
Enough of your magic spells, you hateful, withered hag.
Enough is enough.
Have I hugged you yet?
Have I accomplished so much in battle, but now I am afraid to tell some old men the truth?
I, who have heard the rumble of guns in battle, and thunder in the sky.
Who have survived storms at sea where the winds raged like wild animals?
Don’t I have a reason to be angry?
Do I have the asp’s poison on my lips?
Have I waited so long to see this morning, only to see this?
I did, Malvolio.
Do I, sir?
Have mercy, Jesus!
If you care about your health, you will not push me any further.
Have more than you show, Speak less than you know, Lend less than you owe.
Don’t saints and pilgrims have lips too?
Do you have enough love for me to be patient when my bad temper, which I inherited from my mother, makes me forget how to behave?
Have patience and endure.
Have some patience.
Be patient, madam.
Be patient.
Have the excavators stopped work?
Do we have devils on the island?
I am coming.
Do you want to sink?
Do you have any sense at all?
Has your lord given you any orders to negotiate with my face?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have you told her our decision?
Are you done yet?
Do you have permission to go out and take confession today?
Has it been a quiet night?
Have you heard anything to the contrary?
You have not heard of the war brewing between the Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you done everything you could to make him tell you the reason?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Do you have anything else to tell me?
Do you have anything else to say?
Are you making all this noise at this time of night because you have no manners, or because you are just stupid?
Did you hit your head?
Have you ever heard of anything like that?
Did you send Lysander, as an insult, to follow me around praising my eyes and my face?
Haven’t you totally dismissed my honor and integrity in your anger?
You have not said anything against the Duke of Cornwall, have you?
Have you sent anyone to Bottom’s house?
You have enough holy feeling to advise me to make peace with God, but you are willing to go to war with God by murdering me?
Do you have what I told you to get?
Do you have it with you?
Do you have the lion’s part written down?
Have you written that down, that they are not criminals?
When I have the juice of that flower, I will trickle some drops of it on Titania’s eyes while she is sleeping.
Risk everything for lead?
He has always loved Cordelia best, and his bad judgment in disowning her now is obvious.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He is waiting nearby to find out if you will invite him in.
He is staying in the forest with your father now.
He carries himself like a dignified gentleman, and, to tell you the truth, he has a reputation throughout Verona as a virtuous and well
He carries a third of the world.
My mind is too great for that.
He gets up at nightfall and wanders around till dawn.
He leaps from the ground as if his insides were light as hairs.
He is, my lord.
He brings great news.
He brings me freedom.
He has brought you figs.
He brushes his hat in the mornings.
He calls me “boy” and scolds me as if he had the power to whip me out of Egypt.
He has called for his horse, but I do not know where he is headed.
He is calling us back.
He did, and I gave it to him.
He got there too late.
Judging from his appearance, I bet he can tell us the latest news about the revolt.
No one has heard from him.
He can't possibly be such a monster. And I am sure he is not.
The rules of dueling say he has to.
No flattery for him, sir.
He does not like her very long.
The king will not live, I hope.
He will not get the better of me.
He cannot speak, my lord.
He has come to kill my heart.
I ask for him, and he comes.
Here he comes, my lord.
Six pence a day would have been forced on him.
He is crying out for you and swears he will burn your face and disfigure you if he can get ahold of you.
He cannot go in there because of the candle.
He told us to arrange it.
He did ask for mercy.
He said he was going to buy me a necklace, but I never saw it.
He exposed Edgar’s murderous plot, and was wounded when trying to apprehend him.
He commanded me to wake him up early.
He used to praise his mother's nipple before he sucked it.
He did touch on women a bit, but his body was aching with fever and he talked about the Whore of Babylon.
But then he said strange things to me.
He did not say anything, he is reading.
He received Caesar’s letters, and he is coming.
He did, and he snatched my ring off my finger.
Yes, he knew about it the whole time.
He started it, my noble lord, and succeeding generations rebuilt it.
He died like someone who had practiced how to toss away his most cherished possession as if it were a worthless piece of garbage.
The next person to strike again dies.
I will kill him.
He does hear me, and that makes me cry.
He builds our fires, gets our firewood, and does all kinds of useful things for us.
He smiles so much his face has more lines in it than a map of the East Indies.
It is a good thing he is here to recommend himself.
He is.
My lord, he asks that you visit him tomorrow or the next day.
He does indeed show sparks of something like wit.
He does nothing but frown, as if he wants to say, “If you do not want me, I don’t care.
He is, because he told Antonius to tell you he would be there tomorrow.
He is dreaming.
My poor man has fainted. My lord, my lord!
My lord, he is afraid you mean him harm.
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was speechless.
It is true, he died on the day my sister turned thirteen.
He followed you.
He refuses, as he is free of vanity and self-serving pride and ascribes all the glory and responsibility for victory to God.
He thanks you on his knees many times and considers himself fortunate to have fallen into the hands of one who is the bravest, most valorous
He is walking ahead of me, and he keeps daring me to follow him.
He goes forth to war bravely.
He is getting worse and worse.
In Spain, Caesar had a fever, and it made him shake.
My conscience says, “Stay put.” “Go,” the devil says.
He had a thousand noses and twisted horns, like wave crests in a storm at sea.
He had no patience.
He had one yesterday.
He did, my lord.
He has made me a little sore, I will admit.
He has almost finished dinner.
He has been practicing how to act for the past half hour.
He has some wonderful home furnishings that he will use to decorate his house when he gets one.
He cut my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody head, too.
He deserves it, even if it were covered with jewels.
He must have heard that phrase describing some great man and now he is using it on a jester.
He has killed me, Mother.
He has my vote as I die.
He does not have children.
He knows no more about the proper practice of war, see the ancient practices, than a puppy.
Benedick’s heart is like a bell, with his tongue as the clapper. Everything his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
He has one ship bound for Tripoli, another heading for the Indies.
He has an uncle in Messina who will be glad to hear this news.
He has recruited Bocchus, the King of Libya; Archelaus of Cappadocia; Philadelphos, King of
He claims he used to be a courtier.
He has been in an unusually good mood and has granted many gifts to your household and servants.
He was tricked horribly.
He has been gone for nine years and he is leaving again soon.
He brought many captives home to Rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city.
My wife and I ordered him to hang Cordelia in prison and then to make it look as if she committed suicide in despair.
He has already done so.
He has laughed at my losses, made fun of my earnings, humiliated my race, thwarted my deals, and turned my friends against me.
Signior Benedick served well in the war, my lady.
Every month he has a new best friend.
Today he fought as though he were a god who hated mankind.
He has given his empire to a whore, and now they are gathering kings to wage a war.
The king has honored me, and I have earned the good opinion of all sorts of people.
He has only known you for three days, but he is already treating you like a close friend.
He has left them to you and to your heirs forever—public pleasures in which you will be able to stroll and relax.
He has lost his comrades and is wandering around looking for them.
He has made me a Christian.
He does not speak Latin, French, or Italian, and you know how little English I speak.
He does not have any daughters.
He has no friends except those who are too afraid to defy him.
He has not told this to the king, has he?
He still hasn’t told us about the captain.
He has not done anything to harm you yet.
No, he refused it publicly, in open court.
He rode that prologue like a wild horse.
He has slept a long time.
He must be wearing this crazy outfit for some reason.
He has epilepsy, a disease where you fall down.
His youngest daughter, Bianca, is the jewel of my life, and he keeps her hidden from me and other rivals for her hand.
He has evaded love once or twice, and since then Cupid does not dare to shoot at him.
Yes, but he would deny it.
He has offered me a lot of affection lately.
He has, my lord.
Yes, he has.
He says she has no equal.
He thinks highly of me.
If I may say so, your Majesty, he would be a coward and a villain not to do so.
He is insane.
He is a gentleman of a good family, and for his ransom, he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is like a god and knows the truth.
He is a good man. Let's go, Desdemona.
He is attractive, but how can you talk to someone who does not speak your language?
Your father is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
Here is a sick man who wants to speak with you.
He is a very proper man.
He is somewhere else in the house.
They are speaking to him.
He is afraid to come in.
He is his mother’s child from head to toe.
He has already been named king and has left for Scone to be crowned.
He has arrived.
He is as ugly in his manners as he is in appearance. I will indeed.
He is as full of courage as he is of kindness, princely in both.
He is pale and hyperventilating, as if a bear were chasing him.
He is nearby, and Pindarus has come to salute you on behalf of his master.
His attendants are desperate, violent men.
He is called Ensign Pistol.
He is coming.
He is made of treachery, and has run away to avoid his crimes.
He has captured Toryne.
We are searching on land, but he is lost in the sea.
He is definitely drunk now.
He is in love with Hero.
He is hiding out in Friar Lawrence’s cell.
He is serious.
He is in heaven, where you will never go.
He is worthy of the name “horse,” and you can call all the other beasts.
He got what he deserved.
He is a knight.
Is he married?
He spends most of his time with the good, noble Claudio.
He has changed a great deal.
He is my dear friend, your Majesty.
He is my prisoner and you cannot have him.
He is my prisoner.
He is positively stuffed with honorable virtues.
Can I have a word with you?
Sir, the person who should sing that song is not here.
He is not here now.
He is not sleeping to fatten up his lazy body, but praying to nourish his attentive soul.
He is not the most polite man in the world, but, believe me, he is gentle.
He is not very tall, but he is tall enough for his age.
He has not arrived yet.
The man who lies and swears by it is now considered as brave as Hercules.
He is conducting some business with my lady, and sooner or later he will leave.
He has a very gloomy attitude.
He is an important person.
He has been captured or killed.
He is standing ready outside the door.
Here he comes back.
He is very serious, which is right for someone in mourning like me.
He is definitely the most active gentleman of France.
He has been killed.
He must be possessed by the devil.
That is the right answer. It shows your love.
He is the general challenger.
He is the only worthy man in Italy, aside from my dear Claudio.
A man like that is bigger than an ape, but the ape could be his doctor, it is so much smarter.
He is too argumentative for me.
He is not himself because he feels ashamed.
He is taking care of it as we speak.
He must be very near by now.
He is very handsome and speaks well, but he is very young.
He is welcome here.
He is welcome.
Being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough.
I bet he slipped away and went home to bed.
He is the most skillful, bloodthirsty, and dangerous opponent you can find in Illyria.
He is safe in Leicester, where, if you would like, we can retreat to.
He is.
He is giving her a taste of her own medicine.
He knows I recognize him.
He recognizes me like a blind man recognizes a cuckoo by its bad voice.
He did not know how to stop it.
He does not know what he is saying.
He does not know he has been appointed governor yet.
He knows that you did not embrace Antony because you loved him, but because you feared him.
He really plays well.
He will not listen to anyone’s advice.
He left behind me and my twin sister, who was born in the same hour as me.
He insisted on leaving this ring with me whether I wanted it or not.
He does not seem to be alive.
He is lying through his teeth.
He rests tonight within twenty-one miles of Rome.
There is a man who loves you better than your husband could.
He does not long for the dawn as we do.
He wants to eat the English.
He is eager to see your head.
He looks calmer than he did before.
He likes me, and I have given him good reason to.
He made this rope ladder to be a highway to my bed, but I am a virgin, and I will die a virgin and a widow.
He only married out of political necessity.
He may command me as my king, but you still have power over me as a relative.
He may recover.
He can act as brave as he wants, but I believe on a cold night like this he wishes he were neck-deep in the Thames.
What music should we play?
He meant he did nothing right for me, which is true.
He might have treated me like that, because I am as unused to abuse as a little child.
He does not miss a thing.
He called me Sebastian.
Sir, he should have as many as Caesar has.
He does not have to care.
He never did harm that I have heard of.
He will not see my face ever again.
Only he acted from honesty and for the general good.
He only lived long enough to become a man, and as soon as he proved that he was a man by fighting like one, he died.
He has his moods and his ways.
He is at the duke’s morning and night, accusing the state of harming free trade if they deny him justice.
He begs you to spare his life.
He woke up the whole house with his loud and cowardly screams.
He ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall.
He is his homeland’s jewel.
He answered, “You penniless bastard!
He said my eyes and my hair were black and, now that I think of it, he scorned me.
He once said the devil would get him because of women.
That is true.
He saved me the trouble. Here he comes.
He says that for Brutus’s sake he finds himself indebted to us all.
He says he will come.
Is that a lot of      He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name is Poor Tom.
Is that what he says?
That is what he says.
He just said that they are not good at acting.
He says your daughter is not feeling well.
He wants me dead.
He claimed to know that already, and said that is the reason he has come to speak with you.
He couldn't see you.
The king wishes to know if you want to play against him right away or wait awhile.
He sent me a message that, whether I liked it or not, he liked it.
He must do this, or I will recant the pardon I just delivered.
He will release him.
He will have only justice and his penalty.
He is not getting anything except the penalty.
He will be done in time.
He will have to kill both of us, and indeed we are both men.
He will live as a cursed man.
He must not go to prison.
He will die.
He will bring a lot of money to the person who owns him, that is for sure.
He will be dead, so he will not see anything.
He will be fooled into thinking he is greater than fate, he will mock death, and he will think he is above wisdom, grace, and
He will stay as long as I say.
I will give him some liquor.
He will tell them so.
He will think these letters are from Olivia and that she is in love with him.
He should imprison the person who named you.
There is another.
He smiled and said, “The better for us.” He is right, and that is how it is.
He tried to kill me recently, very recently.
He speaks bluntly, madam.
He is not telling the truth.
He talks nothing but nonsense.
I am your master, Dromio.
He speaks well.
He made my heart leap for you.
He is waiting outside.
He ate at my house, but that does not make me nervous.
He is having dinner tonight with a prostitute, and I will go visit him.
He swore that he would never get married, but now, despite his earlier protestations, he loves ungrudgingly.
He claimed he knew that, and that is why he has come to speak with you.
He taught me how to recognize a man in love, and you are not a prisoner of love.
He says I will not get into heaven because I am a Jew.
Gertrude, he says he has found out the reason for your son’s insanity.
He leaves me to my own contentment, but that is the one thing I cannot find.
Justice will be rewarded.
Anyone who has a house to cover his head has a good head on his shoulders.
Is that the man you want?
He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning.
He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning. Tell me what you meant by that.
A man who has been robbed, but does not miss what is stolen, is not robbed at all.
The man who gives away his crust and his crumbs will discover that he needs some crumbs back.
If anyone knows a better way to tame a shrew, speak up.
Anyone who wants to separate us will have to smoke us out of the cave of our togetherness like foxes.
The one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome.
He who survives this day and lives to see old age shall yearly entertain his neighbors on the eve, saying, “Tomorrow is the day.
The next man who swings his sword must not care about his life, because the instant he strikes, he dies.
The man who finds the sweetest rose will be pricked by it, and by Rosalind.
Please help me, anyone who wants to live long.
In return, he wishes you to drop your claim to the dukedoms.
He thinks he is still playing his instrument.
He thinks that since his fortune is twenty times better than yours, it would be like pitting twenty men against one.
He looked to the side, and pay attention to what he saw. Under an oak tree—whose lower branches were mossy with age, and
He uses his clownishness to disguise his deadly wit.
When I first heard about him, he was still a bachelor.
He was an admirable king.
He was a great human being.
The man who brought my answer to you was a fool.
He was in a good mood, and then suddenly he started thinking of Rome.
He was dressed like a hunter.
He was my friend, he was faithful and just to me.
He was not born to be shameful.
He was somewhere in the middle, between them.
He was not sad, because he knows that his disposition affects others.
When I left him, he was less than nine miles from here.
He was so sharp when he was in school.
As a child, he took such a long time to grow up that, according to his rule, he should have matured into a gracious adult.
He liked to call me a loan shark; let him think about his debt to me.
He used to lend money as a favor to Christians; but now, let him think about his own debt.
His imagination is making him crazy.
He would be quite a monster if his eyes were in his tail.
It would be excellent if they could make a man halfway between Don John and Benedick.
He could not be a lion if the Romans weren't such easy prey.
My brother whom I loved more than anyone else in the world, whom I trusted to run my state, which at that time was the strongest in
You can ride him easily, and he responds well when you pull the reins.
You will not kill me, will you?
He will do whatever Hastings does.
He will just think an idiot wrote it.
That part of his reputation will stand.
He will not fight with me, Domitius?
He refuses to admit what everyone else knows.
He would not say that.
He will return to his Egyptian dish.
He will if he lives long enough to become a man.
My lord, he wonders why you have assembled such troops of citizens to speak with him, since he had no idea they were coming.
He had his helmet visor up.
He wants to be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He will just turn it into a joke and torment the poor woman even more.
He would never have spoken to me like this.
Caesar would not take the crown.
Did not feel like it?
Hastings loved the prince’s father so much that we will not be able to persuade him to do anything against the prince.
It is him, it is him.
He deserves a beautiful wife more than all the other men I have ever seen.
Why, the man that will marry this woman.
That is me.
Caliban, who now serves me.
For some reason he is in prison now on some legal technicality, on Malvolio’s orders.
Whenever he talks about her, he can't stop laughing.
Yes, him, woman.
Yes, it is me.
He will still die by hanging, not drowning, even if every drop of water in the sea tries to swallow him.
That will save a partridge wing from being eaten, because he will be too miserable for dinner.
He will wake you up, I bet.
He will grow up to be a proper man.
He will make your palace tremble for this insult, even if it were the mightiest insult in all of Europe.
He will never agree to that.
When he wakes up.
He insists he will speak with you whether you want him to or not.
He would stay up all night and all day if he did not drink himself to sleep.
He is a conspirator.
Anyone who refuses to drink to my niece until his brain spins around like a merry-go-round is scum.
Arrest him: he is a friend of the duke of Alençon.
He is a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He is a traitor.
He is a fool and a spendthrift.
He is near death, and Roderigo is dead already.
He is as smart as they come, but just a jester.
He is as strong as ever.
He is bound to Octavia.
He is rushing on his way here right now, and Regan is with him.
He is coming, madam; but he is acting very strangely.
He is coming, ma'am.
He is dead and rotting in the dirt now.
He is dead.
He is flabby and out of breath. Here, Hamlet, take my handkerchief and wipe your forehead.
He has an answer for everything.
You say he is friendly with Caesar, healthy, and free.
He is gone, and his wife is dead.
He is dead.
Bardolph, be happy, and rouse your bragging spirits. Boy, be brave.
He is having a fit and talking nonsense.
He is wearing yellow stockings.
He is married to Octavia.
He is married, madam.
He is married.
He is not standing straight enough to hold a flag.
He is not your relative.
No, he is in Florence.
He is the color of nutmeg.
We are safe from my father for at least three hours.
He is speaking now, or perhaps he is whispering, “Where is my serpent of the Nile?” For that is his pet name
He is what he is.
He is worth more mourning than that, and I will mourn for him.
He is worth no more than that.
Just listen a little more, and I will bring you up to date about the present situation.
Listen to Antony.
Listen, but do not speak.
It is for your ears only.
Do not listen to the bell, Duncan, because it summons you either to heaven or to hell.
I will never speak to you again.
Listen to my reasons and be silent so you can hear.
Listen to me patiently.
Listen to me, good Shylock.
Listen to me, Beatrice. Talking with a man outside her bedroom window.
Listen to me, for I have something to tell you.
Listen to me, good brother.
Let me tell you, friends.
Listen to me, madam.
Listen to what I say. Whoever strikes first, I will run him through with my sword, as sure as I am a soldier.
Hear me out, my lord.
There is an emergency I must take care of, but my whole heart will remain with you.
Listen to me, you traitor.
Hear me, you are wrangling pirates.
Listen to my excuse.
But I will tell you something from my soul.
Meet with the ambassadors.
Listen to the noble Antony.
Hear the shrill whistle that brings order to the hubbub.
Have you heard anything of her in your letters?
Did you hear the news that is going around?
Listen, my lords, we are in a bit of a hurry.
Do you hear us, sir?
My dear Nature, listen to me.
Have you heard about anything unusual happening in the city?
Did you hear this, Gonzalo?
Heart will be stronger than all the rest of the body combined.
Hearts cannot think it, tongues cannot speak it, meas-urements cannot calculate it, scribes cannot write it, bards cannot sing it
Thank you very much.
Oh, God!
As God is my witness, you know you are mine.
You had this child with the help of heaven.
Heaven knows I am.
I hope God keeps that monster from growing in Othello’s mind.
Heaven knows what secrets she is keeping.
God will free you from blame.
I pray that God will allow me to learn from women like that, not to follow their bad example, but to avoid it.
The harm is getting close.
May God give their souls rest.
Heaven knows you are unfaithful as hell.
Heaven wanted Rosalind to have these gifts and me to live and die as her slave.
Dear God, please make him normal again.
I hope those lions stay far away from him.
I hope to God that we can make him happy and do him some good.
If they do fight, I hope Lysander is safe.
May God thank you for it.
My God, I am the highest-ranking person who speaks this language. If only we were back where it is spoken.
Whoo-hoo!
Helena, it is not true.
Helena, we will tell you about our secret plan.
Goodbye, Helena.
Help me out of here quickly.
Take me inside some house, Benvolio, or I will pass out.
Help me, help me.
Help me, ladies!
Help us carry these clothes to where my barrel of wine is hidden, or I will kick you out of my kingdom.
Good cousin, good Meg, good Ursula, come help me get dressed.
Help me, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Cough them up.
To be banished from Verona is like being banished from the world, and being banished from the world is death.
With his ambition growing like this, do you hear what I am saying?
Now I will go see my priest, to ask for his help and tell him about my good luck.
Go away and take your children.
Get out of my sight! I guess if she does not love her father, then I will only have peace when I am dead.
Go away and stay apart from me.
Okay, let’s go!
Get out of here!
Go away, get out of here, and stop following me.
Get out of here, you horrible ghost, you hallucination.
Get out, you horrible bastard, or I will gouge out your eyes.
Get out of here before his bad luck infects you.
Do whatever you want with it.
Go, Mardian, and let me know how he reacts to my death.
Get out of here.
Get out, insolent eunuch!
Enough!
Get out of here!
Now get out of here!
Let go of me.
Away!
Go on!
Aren’t you Romeo?
From now on I will put up with my anguish until the anguish itself cries out, “Enough, enough!” and disappears.
From now on, take care of your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, crowned king of France and England while still in his infancy, succeeded him.
Her blood has stopped, and her joints are stiff.
She blushes from guilt, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in the Capulet tomb, and her immortal soul lives with the angels in heaven.
Now I am starting to pity Titania for being so infatuated.
Her eyes are saying something.
If her eyes were in the night sky, they would shine so brightly through space that birds would start singing.
Her eyes are vicious, but yours are comforting.
Her fallow fields are overgrown with weeds, while the blade that should uproot such wilderness lies rusting.
Her father is Baptista Minola, a pleasant and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me and would invite me to his house often, continually asking me about my life and all the battles I have fought.
That her father’s brother wants to be her husband?
What color is her hair?
She is weak and will die unless you comfort her.
Her once-trimmed hedges, like prisoners with wild, untended hair, put forth unruly twigs.
Her husband, you rascal.
Are you her husband, boy?
In this letter you will find details of her illness and other serious matters that concern you.
Her bridegroom is here.
Since she would love both of you, you two would be joined in that love.
That is what her mother always tells me.
Her name is Katherina Minola, famous throughout Padua for her scolding tongue.
Yes, you are right, her name is Margery.
Her name is Portia.
Her reputation was as pure as the snow, but now it is as dirty and black as my own face.
Her only flaw is that she is unbearable, a total witch, so much so that I wouldn’t think of marrying her myself, not
Virginity makes her look sick and green.
Her grapes, which make the wine that cheers our hearts, die unpruned.
Venus went home, and her son broke all his arrows, swearing he will never shoot them again, but play with birds like other little boys.
Her worth is carried on the wind and it blows throughout the world, carrying the name of Rosalind.
Please spare yourself.
Out here everybody can see us.
There are enemies here.
By the door.
Here, at your service.
Here comes Catesby again.
Now, no more questions.
Here come the lovers, laughing happily. I wish you joy, my friends.
The police are here.
Look, here are two noble animals, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ensign Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another Jew.
Here comes another group looking for you.
Here comes Antony.
He gives Biondo. Here comes Baptista.
Here come Brabantio and the brave Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no part in the killing, will benefit from his death.
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here is my servant.
Here comes my man, the man I am looking for.
Here comes my messenger. What is going on, you crazy spirit?
Here she is, the fool-catcher.
Here comes better news.
Here comes Oberon.
Here comes the owner of one piece.
Here comes one of them now.
There are other matters to be dealt with.
Here comes Sir Oliver.
Here comes Sir Toby, limping.
Here comes the Duke.
The countess is coming!
Here comes the Emperor.
Look, here comes the fool.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, and the noblemen of court.
Here comes my wife.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain herself.
Here comes the man himself.
Here comes the man who rescued me.
Here comes the noble Antony.
The Prince and Claudio are hurrying this way.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Be quiet, here comes Thisbe.
Here are two of Duke Senior’s pages.
Here comes young Mr. Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
I will choose this one and try my chances.
You are keeping a hundred knights who are so disorderly, vulgar, and obnoxious that our noble court is starting to look like a noisy cheap hotel.
Here comes the messenger with your niece.
Here he is with Captain Jamy, the Scots captain.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here and now I seem like Antony, but I can't keep myself in this form, my boy.
Here I am.
I am here.
Here I am kneeling to swear that if I ever did anything to destroy his love for me, either by thoughts or actions, or if I ever
Here I am, your slave, a poor, sick, weak, hated old man.
I will sit in the middle.
Here in the tent.
I have lurked in the shadows here to watch the downfall of my enemies.
Here is a friar who is trembling, sighing and weeping.
Here is an empty seat, sir.
There is a farmer here who will not leave without seeing your Highness.
This is a miracle, if you talk of miracles.
It is better here than outside.
This island contains everything beneficial to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here is some more news coming in.
More of us are here.
I will sleep over here.
This is the end of my journey, the end of my life.
Here is the cap your Worship ordered.
Here is the head of that notorious traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here he is.
Here is the money.
Here is the count of the slaughtered French.
Here is the hut, my lord.
Go ahead, you fool.
Here is a postscript.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Then right next to him I saw the murderers, dripping with blood, their daggers rudely covered in gore.
They can sit out there until they die of hunger and disease.
I will lie down here and measure out my grave.
Go, tell the Prince.
Here is the east.
The door is right here.
Look, love, see how devoted I am.
Here on her breast there is a little bloody mark.
Ah, here she comes, angry and sad.
The street is narrow here.
I will stay here for a while.
Here is where they will end up, on the floor.
They were planning to pull a mischievous trick on Ferdinand and Miranda who have sworn not to sleep together until their wedding day.
Here was a Caesar!
He was happy here, listening to a song.
This is our station.
Your servants were fighting your enemy’s servants before I got here.
I will sleep here until morning.
Let’s sit here and let the music fill our ears.
You can heat your iron up in here.
I am right behind you.
Here, catch this box.
Here, Fluellen, stick this in your cap.
Come, take away the sexton. Here comes Master Signior Leonato with the sexton.
Here, I will remain with worms that are your chambermaids.
Here, here, sir.
I am here, here!
Here,
At your service, madam.
Here, madam:    Translate.
Here, madam.
I am here, sir.
Here I am, Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
I am here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here is Peter Quince.
Signior Tranio, you also took aim at that bird, though you did not hit her.
Here, sir, is a ring she asked me to give you.
Here, sir, as foolish as ever.
He is here, sir, but please do not bother him.
Here, sir.
Here, sir!” You stupid, unpolished dolts!
Here, you are, Grumio.
Here, stand behind this wall; he will come right away.
Here I am at your service, my dear lord.
Here, take away the dish.
Here, you incest-breeding Danish murderer, drink this.
With the permission of Brutus and the others, for Brutus is an honorable man; they are all honorable men.
Here, take this piece of jewelry.
Here.
I am here.
Things have certainly changed.
What a backward world we live in.
This madman will murder me.
We are wandering in a maze.
This storm has no pity for wise men or fools.
There is a spirit in here.
Here is another, stronger than the first.
Cassio has been wounded.
Here is Decius Brutus.
Here is a drink.
Here are the rulers of France and Burgundy, my lord.
Here is something good.
Look, you have wrinkled hands.
I have made your daughter mine by marriage while false impressions blinded your eyes.
There is a nicer piece of work right here.
Here is more news.
There are no bushes or shrubs to protect me from the weather here.
I will disguise myself in somber robes.
Here is someone coming in his pajamas with a candle and weapons.
I am a friend, a friend who knows you well.
I will shut up now.
Our handwriting gives away our hearts.
We have all been duped.
Here is Romeo’s man.
Snip and snip and cut and slash. It has more holes than a sieve!
Such an exercise!
You are making such a fuss.
We will drive them to a
Yes.
The friar is ready.
This is what happened: he and Cleopatra sat on chairs of gold on a silver-covered stage in the marketplace.
This is the place.
I still have the smell of blood on my hand.
Here is to Caesar.
Here is to you, Menas.
Here is to your health.
I have had enough of this “off with you.” Come on, let me in!
Some of this liquor is still in the goblet.
Later, in a better world than this, I would love to get to know you.
I can see that you do not love me as much as I love you.
You have stained your virtue with your own actions.
The Hero that died.
Hero thinks Beatrice will die, for she says she will die if he does not love her, and that she will die before she tells him
You belong to her.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Are you hiding your forehead with a golden crown, when, if there was justice in this world, it should be branded with the murders you committed
Instead, hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness.
Hurry up, my Jewish friend.
Hurry, slave!
Hurry up, Robin. Make the night dark and cloudy.
Wish me luck.
Go to your bedroom.
Go to the church.
Hurry up and get to your horse.
You go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
Hurry up, it is getting late.
Hurry, Messala and I will look for Pindarus in the meantime.
Hey, hurry up, hurry up!
Great Queen Juno is coming.
Oh-ho-ho, kid!
Yes, you are absolutely right about how worthy Brutus is and how much we need him.
Is he in person?
I am my own spokesman.
His absence means he has broken his promise.
His feelings do not move in that direction.
He said that the people were not used to being spoken to except by the blocks of wood.
The other voice is harsh and abusive.
Yes, it is well built, and the ship’s pilot is very expert and experienced.
His beard was gray, right?
There is no better person on earth.
Yes, I have been responsible for his upbringing.
His heart used to burst the buckles on his breastplate in great fights, but now he has lost all temperance and dedicates his heart
Even though his feelings may be higher than ours, when they plummet, they plummet that much farther.
He feels the need to grace all his other tramps with his presence while I sit at home starving for a smile from him.
I could really use his advice right now.
I do not like his face.
His cowardly lips turned white, and the same eye whose gaze terrifies the world lost its gleam.
His daughter and I will be king and queen, God protect us, and you and Trinculo will be our governors.
You are to bring his daughter to the supper.
His daughters want to kill him.
He is close to death, but not dead yet.
He is not wise enough to be brave.
He abandoned his friend here in an emergency, and even pretended he did not know him.
The fact that he serves as a go-between for his lord and my niece Olivia confirms this.
He deserves it, having been excellent before he had a reputation for it.
He looks humbler than he used to.
Antony’s eyes are fiery red from crying.
His eyes were as green as leeks.
His eyes started glazing over around eight in the morning.
His father was Philip of Macedon, as I remember.
His father, if I do say so myself, is an honest man, and, thank God, likely to live a long time.
His crime did justice’s job by taking Tybalt's life.
He has done wrong, and his master will punish him for it.
He was crazy to run away.
It is not my fault he acts like that, Helena.
One voice speaks well and talks about his friend.
His glory has not been diminished where he earned it, nor have those offenses for which he was killed been exaggerated.
The Prince has made the match, and may God bless it.
Richard is looking cheerful today.
He seems cheerful.
His highness is not well.
While he and I are at one, my loyal servant Catesby will be at the other.
His horse is killed, so he is fighting on foot, risking his life to search out Richmond.
He is late.
He is furious because you insulted him, and he has a right to satisfaction.
His knights are getting out of control, and he himself reprimands us about every little detail.
I will have my lessons in the correct order and manner.
His legs aren’t great, but they are alright.
His letter will tell you how he is doing.
I saved his life and gave him my love without reservation.
His life was gentle, and the elements mixed so well in him that Nature might say to all the world, “This was a man.
His majesty is so concerned about my personal safety that he has ordered them to conduct me to the  You are being arrested?
His name is Balthazar.
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
His name!
His name is Cinna.
His neigh is like a monarch’s command.
His nurse?
He remembers how unkind he was to her, how he disowned her and sent her abroad, how he gave her rightful inheritance to her two
He will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home.
Thank you for his present and your trouble.
When he raised his arm in command, the world trembled.
I know the real reason.
As a wandering lunatic, he can do whatever he wants.
The king—whom I hope God will protect better than you would like.
His military ability is double that of the other two.
Lucentio’s son is older than that, sir.
He is thirty years old.
His son was a minor only two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits are listening to me, but I can't help cursing him.
His faults were equally matched by his virtues.
He has really taken this prank to heart.
That is just what he said in the letter.
He is out of his mind.
Gonzalo is a miracle-worker.
I would trust him with everything I own.
He said “Goodbye, madam,” and nothing else.
Ha, ha, ha!
Lock the door.
Look at you, thrashing about like a blind man.
Hey, open the door!
“Fight to the death” is his motto.
Hold him in custody until the Prince arrives.
Keep a little bit of honesty, even if you are afraid.
Hold off burying her until I have caught her in my arms once more.
That is no way to pray.
Let go of me.
Then, hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it.
Hold your peace.
Stay here.
Are you on duty again tonight?
Wait, here is a penny to heal your head.
Stop, for God’s sake.
Stop right now.
Stop!
Keep beating, my heart, and muscles, do not grow old. Keep me standing.
Shake my hand.
Be there, or do not show your face again.
Stop, sir, for God’s sake.
Hang on a minute, here is some money for you.
Stop right now or I will throw your dagger over the roof.
Here, take my sword.
Take these keys and get more spices.
Take that, and that.
Hold on, then.
Here are forty ducats.
Wait, here is a coin for you.
It is half of all my money.
Stop, Sir Toby.
Stop, brave lady, stop!
Stop!
Is it true that the Duke of Cornwall was killed as they say?
Hey!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, this is a drastic change.
Go home, lazy men.
Iago has arranged that.
Thank you, dear Nurse.
Honest, yes, honest.
Good, sir.
Honest, my lord?
Hooray!
Oh!
Let the blood rushing to my cheeks be calmed.
Leap and dance for him.
I believe I have some choice in the matter.
The demon Hoppedance is in Tom’s belly, crying for some fish to eat.
Horatio says we are imagining it, and won't let himself believe anything about this horrible thing that we have seen twice now.
Horatio, you are the best man I have ever known.
You bastard!
Horns?
What?
No, it is dreadfully steep.
You tie up horses by their heads, dogs and bears by their necks, monkeys by their waists, and humans by their legs.
Listen, Hortensio.
Have you told him all her faults, Hortensio?
Hush, Hortensio.
Hortensio, what is all this about?
Hot, hot and moist.
Hound or spaniel, bitch or dog, Whether your tail is short or curly, Tom will make you cry and wail.
Hover about her and tell her she got what she deserved, with her children dead before their time.
How are you?
What do you mean, the seventh cause?
This one?
What do you mean, "wears the wreath"?
What kind of game is this?
How am I unfaithful?
How am I evil to advise Cassio to do exactly what will do him good?
How do you both plead?
What should we do about that?
How does the battle go?
Who pays their way?
How can you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell me that you are out of breath?
Mankind is so beautiful.
Beautifully, sir, beautifully.
Damn that crazy madman!
How did her eyes get so bright?
How did she get that candle?
How did this happen?
How did we manage to get ashore?
How did you get better?
How did you learn about this?
Cassio, how did you get my wife’s handkerchief?
How can it be?
I will ask you another question.
How can you say that, when the king himself says you are the heir to the Danish throne?
How can that be?
How can it seem like I am making fun of you, when my tears prove that I am sincere?
How is that possible?
How will you wreck this marriage?
How can you square things with me?
How can you stand there shamelessly talking about me and Hippolyta, when you know that I know about your love for Theseus?
How can you test them like that?
How dare you tell us about God’s laws when you have broken them so savagely yourself?
How would you woo her?
Tell me, why did the king arrive with such a small entourage?
Why have your cheeks faded so quickly?
How is it that you have come back so soon?
What are they doing on the road?
How are you, Jessica?
How is it, my husband, that you have become a stranger to yourself?
Why?
Why is that?
How did he get such an idea?
What is the "seventh cause"?
How did my master die, Strato?
How is everyone in Verona?
What do you mean, get rid of him?
How are you doing, Cassio? Someone bring me a stretcher!
How are you, madam?
How are you feeling, Malvolio?
Thank you.
How are you, sir?
How are you, my ladies?
I am glad about that.
How does he love me?
How is lieutenant Cassio?
How is my sister?
How are you, Hamlet?
How are my old friends from this island doing?
How are you, my royal lord?
How is my wife?
How is the queen?
How is your Highness?
How are you and your master getting along?
How are you feeling now?
How do you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How does it feel to be Benedick the Married Man?
How are you doing, Charles?
How are you, Guildenstern?
How are you, my friend?
How are you doing?
How are you, my lord?
How is my wife?
How is she?
How is the prince?
How dare you serve it to me this way!
It is so simple!
How late is it, lords?
Look how far that little candle sends its light.
How are you, soldier?
How is my lord?
How is my Juliet?
My lord, how are you feeling?
How is my noble lord?
How is my nephew Hamlet doing?
How is my nephew doing, noble lord of York?
How are you, your highness?
How is your majesty doing?
It is so scary to look down.
How wonderful my master is!
Your logic is so foolish.
How foolish your fears seem now, Calphurnia!
What is the news?
What is going on in here?
How are things now?
How does it go with my magnificent Mark Antony?
How is the night going, boy?
How is it going?
How are things going now?
How green!
How did you lose your breath?
What have you done?
If you are a member of a divine spiritual order of men who forgive sins, and you say you are my friend, how do you have the
How did you tolerate prison?
What have I ever done that he has anything to complain about?
How have I offended you?
I have been tortured since I lost track of you.
How did you know what happened to your poor father?
How did you divide yourself in two?
How did you sleep, my lord?
My lord is so heavy!
I am so crazy about you!
What I think about this, and about what is happening here in Rome, I will tell you later.
The poor souls—how strangely they talk!
What if she is pretty but stupid?
You will. And what if he does not stop?
What if my answer is no?
What if she won’t kiss me?
What if they won’t go?
What if your husband strays elsewhere?
How do you mean, "conspired"?
What is happening to me, that I am frightened of every noise?
How are you, Bianca?
How are you?
How are you doing, brother?
How do you feel, Laertes?
How did it go, sir?
How do you feel?
How else is he the man in the moon?
How is she?
What happened, general?
What is this man’s reputation like here in the city?
How are you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How did you like the young German, the duke of Saxony’s nephew?
What do you think of these quick-witted folks, Gremio?
How long has he been there?
He is dead.
How long has he been possessed like this?
How long have you believed in astrology?
How long do you plan to stay in this forest?
How did he look?
How did you two get separated?
How short am I, you painted barber pole?
How short am I?
Look how lush and healthy the grass is!
How unlucky am I, having to apologize for doing the right thing?
How many people are cowards at heart but wear beards like Hercules or Mars, the god of war?
How many infatuated people go mad with jealousy?
How many noblemen were killed in the battle you just fought?
How many wonderful creatures there are here!
How many months do you want?
How many people who are humble now would be great?
How many things in life seem good to us because of when they happen?
How many times will Caesar bleed again in show, though he now lies at the base of Pompey’s statue?
How many can you guess?
How can that be?
His messengers are waiting here to take me to him immediately, on pressing state business.
What can we do to find out if it is true?
It is better to cry because you are happy than laugh because you are sad.
Do you want to know the truth?
How many noblemen would be weeded out and would become peasants?
You are so much older than you look!
You are nothing like Mark Antony.
How would we go about doing that?
Hello, brother Edmund.
Tell me, Captain Macmorris, have you left the tunnels?
Hey, Cassio!
How are you, Hero?
What is up with your daughter and niece?
What is going on, daughter?
What is up, my man?
Tell me, Fluellen: did you just come from the bridge?
How goes it, friend Eros?
What is going on here, general?
Hello, sir!
What is up, Grumio?
What is going on, Horatio?
What is wrong?
What are we playing with?
What do you mean, lady?
What is the news with you?
How are you, Lorenzo?
How are you?
What is going on, Malvolio?
Hello, good sirs.
What are you saying, mistress?
What is going on, Othello?
Why are you so pale, my friend?
Hello, my friends!
What is going on, my lord?
What is with you, my lord?
What is this, my lord?
What is going on, my love?
How are you, my golden girl?
How are you, my friend?
Hello, my good boy.
What is it, my dear Bianca?
So what is the story, old boy?
Well, Oswald?
Hello, Roderigo!
How are you, Roderigo?
How is it going, Shylock?
How are you, Sir Toby Belch?
Hello, sir!
Yes, sir.
What is up, man?
Hello, spirit!
Hello, Tubal.
Hello, do you have any news?
Say, what is the problem?
Who is calling me?
What is the news, brave soldier?
What is this, you dog?
What is going on here, you secret, evil, midnight hags?
What is going on?
What is the news?
Hello, sir.
What is this?
Hello.
Who is that?
So what is going on?
What is this?
What is going on?
What are you, girl?
What?
Why are you talking like that?
How strange I am feeling.
He was dressed so oddly.
Your answer is strange.
How often have my old feet stumbled on gravestones?
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How could you ask?
How did he say good-bye?
You are a poor man if you are this impatient.
How will you prove that?
What a wonderful time to be alive!
How will you get proof?
What did you think about that French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
What do you think about this change?
What do you say now?
What do you think?
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
What do you think about him, Cassio?
Deal?
What do you say, Signior Gremio?
What do you think?
Okay.
I do not understand. How should I answer that?
How will I recognize you in the future?
How can I bring those promises back down to earth, unless my husband sends them back down to me by dying and going to heaven?
How will we pass the time without some entertainment?
How can this drama be so many contradictory things?
Then how will we see their own natural tears?
How can we tell which of us is the oldest?
How can you ever hope for mercy for yourself, when you do not give any?
How could that happen?
How should madmen hear if wise men can’t even see?
The sound of lovers calling each other names through the night is silver-sweet.
Just as if they were perfectly loyal and faithful.
How sound asleep she is!
How sweet it would be to actually have the woman I love, when merely thinking about love makes me so happy.
How beautiful the moonlight is shining on this bank.
That man always looks so sour.
The question is, how would being king change him?
Look how the moon seems to be sleeping with its lover and cannot be awoken.
What then, sick?
What do you think, madam?
Why are you bothering this poor man?
This makes me feel so much better.
How will this all turn out?
How are you going to live?
What are you going to do for a father?
How could I honorably give him what I have already given you?
What has the governor of the town decided?
Please, please tell me.
What are you saying, Cordelia?
What is this?
Why?
How could so many people, under two masters, get along under one roof?
The more you joke about it, the more clearly I feel how serious it is.
I am afraid to think how I will be criticized for letting my natural affection for my father give way to my loyalty to you.
What would you have said to my young York?
He is without equal.
How can this be?
What?
What do you mean?
What?
How?
What is that?
How is that?
What time is it?
I will not attack a woman, even if she is a demon.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
They howl about banishment.
Well, how nice, a riddle!
Another case: Hugh Capet, who usurped the crown from Charles the duke of Lorraine, who was the son of Charles the Great
Ha!
I humbly thank you sir.
On my knee, I humbly ask your blessing.
I humbly thank you.
Hmmph!
Huntsman, look after my hounds.
Hurt him in eleven different places.
I will eat with you in private today and hear your confession about all the pranks you have pulled.
Let’s follow them to see how this turns out.
What is your relationship with your husband?
Be silent, or else my magic spell will be broken.
You think he is special, since you have only ever seen him and Caliban.
Quiet!
Hymen brought her from heaven, brought her here.
Me, "greedy".
I can't believe I was scared of him.
I am dying for food, so let me have some.
I am going on alone.
I am an odd kind of guy.
Look at me crying, what a fool I am to cry at what makes me happy.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I am a nobleman, and I know what I am doing in assigning this job to you.
I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I am a gentleman.
Because I am a Jew.
But you will have to catch me.
I am a soldier, more experienced than you, and better able to give orders.
I am no ordinary fairy.
I am like the one sick sheep in the flock, the one who deserves to die.
I am a foolish, senile old man, eighty-something years old, not an hour more or less.
I am a villain.
I think few die well who die in battle.
I sense you are treating me like a child.
Because it is dark out, I am afraid all this is just a dream, too sweet to be real.
I am afraid he will punish me.
What an idiotic place this world is.
It scares me just to hear you talk about it.
I would buy him the best horse in Padua if he would arrive quickly, woo her, marry her, take her to bed, and rid
I am the only daughter in my father’s family, and all the brothers too.
I am the worst person alive, and I know it.
I do not know what to say.
I am an ass, I am a woman’s servant, and I am beside myself.
I am an ass, indeed. You can tell by my long ears.
I must be as stupid as an ass. That is why I do not know her, but she knows me.
I am ready and waiting. Give me your hand.
I am as crazy as he is, if sad craziness and happy craziness are equivalent.
I am ashamed that I yielded to them.
I am ashamed that women are so foolish as to declare war when they should plead on their knees for peace.
I am tired of this moon.
I am tired.
I have been invited to supper, Jessica.
I am bound by oath, so please forgive me.
I am ready to hear you.
I am going to Count Orsino’s court.
I am indebted to you forever.
I am headed for your niece, sir.
However, not one of them, if all three were to wait on me, could be my "man."
I have only been hurt, not killed.
I am only crazy sometimes.
My name is Decretus.
I am being called.
I have changed my mind about that.
I am Christopher Sly.
I have come to say farewell to my king and master.
I will do whatever the king wants.
I am pleased to hear you ask so nicely, but I will not stay in any case.
I am satisfied, as long as the maiden cities you talk of come with her.
I am content, if that is the way you want it.
I am satisfied.
As a favor to myself, I am delighted.
My brains are injured.
If I remember correctly, I cannot raise the entire three thousand ducats immediately.
My situation is desperate.
I am worried that you have been cozying up to her, and gotten intimate with her.
I am speechless.
I am dying, Cleopatra, dying.
No rescue for me?
He is starving me to death.
The people fear me in the country and the town.
So, are you done?
I will drink as much as you do.
I am about to fly away.
I am ready for you.
I will fight you.
I am full of joy.
I have been informed by certain sources that your younger brother Orlando plans to fight me in disguise.
I am glad he is coming, however he is dressed.
Good.
I am very glad.
I am glad to see you go.
I am glad Casca is with us.
I am glad.
I am happy about that.
I am glad that my weak words have provoked even this small show of protest from you.
If it were, you would find me such an ordinary king that you would think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I am glad your father isn’t alive to see this.
I am glad to see you in such a merry mood.
I am glad you are insane enough to admit it in front of me.
Nice to see you again, Horatio. That is your name, right?
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see your highness.
I am glad to see you.
My body waits here, but the rest of me is gone.
Easy, Petruchio.
Come on, Nerissa, I want to see this man who has come so courteously.
I am the man you are speaking of.
I am Benedick.
I am very glad I came to see you.
I am already here, sir.
I am her father as well.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
I am your daughter.
I have been hurt.
I am a prince by birth, Miranda. Perhaps even a king now. I wish I weren’t.
It orders me to hand the noble duke of Clarence to you.
I am indebted to you for your last sermon.
Yes, thoroughly.
I am Launcelot, who was your boy, is your son, and will be your child.
I am reluctant to tell you what I wish you knew.
I am locked in one of them.
I will be crippled forever.
I have been tricked.
I am more like an ancient Roman than a corrupt modern Dane.
I am proud to be Sir Rowland’s son—his youngest son—and I would never change that, not even to be Frederick
I am afraid his mother may have had an affair with a blacksmith.
Thank you very much.
I am never in the mood to laugh when I hear sweet music.
I am not a child or an infant.
I am not a paid messenger, my lady.
I am not a fighter.
I am no less noble than you are, Edmund.
I am no more insane than you are, and I will prove it.
I am not a traitor.
I am no villain.
I am not one of his sluts.
I am not one of his punk friends who carries a knife.
You stupid son-of-a-bitch!
I am not a slut, I keep myself clean, but I thank God I am ugly.
I am not some fiend of hell: you can't get rid of me with spells.
I was not invited because they like me.
I do not have to give you answers that you like.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
I am not drunk.
I do not want to dance.
I do not have the cash right now.
I do not like sports.
I did not kill Lysander.
I am not here.
If he has been killed, say "Yes." If not, say "No." These short words will determine my joy or my pain.
I am not in a joking mood.
I am not in the giving mood today.
I am not insane, Sir Topas.
I am not possessed.
I am not made of stone; I am affected by all these kind pleas, though it goes against my conscience and my soul.
It is true I am not married, Caesar.
I am not as happy as I seem.
I am not a man who talks a lot, but I thank you.
I am not like you.
I am not sick if you have prepared some honorable exploit for me.
I do not have that kind of reputation.
I do not feel so well, but I will not stop.
I am not sorry, either.
I am not Stephano, I am a walking cramp.
I am not such an idiot that I cannot keep my hands dry.
I have never been taught how to make anything.
You do not know me, but I know you are an important person.
I am not treacherous.
I am not feeling well, that is all.
I am not well.
I am not who I appear to be.
Right now I am away from home and I cannot provide you with proper care.
Now I am in a great hurry, as I am sure you can see.
I am old and foolish.
I am old now, and suffering has weakened me.
Now, if you occupy some place in the list of men that isn’t down at the very bottom, tell me.
The kind that tells you that the Moor is having sex with your daughter right now.
I am sorry I had to be the one to kill him.
You sound out of tune.
I am being repaid for that now.
I am sick, Charmian.
I am done for in this world.
I have been poisoned.
The smell of leek turns my stomach.
Just as Antony loves.
I am ready now.
I am coming.
I do not feel like going.
I am satisfied.
I am out of breath, sir.
I have been sent on ahead to light a fire, and they are coming after to warm themselves.
I am sick and sad.
I hate him so much it makes me sick, and whoever can ruin his happiness will make me happy.
I am completely lost.
If I stay longer, I will embarrass you and disgrace myself by crying.
I am.
I am sorry for her, as I should be, since I am both her uncle and her guardian.
I feel awful for my cousin.
I am sorry, my friend.
I feel sorry for you.
I am sorry about what happened, but I am sure everything will turn out all right.
I am sorry I hit you.
I am sorry I was so wrong about him.
I regret not observing him more closely before I told you to do that.
I am sorry you do not have time to give this gentleman a reward.
I am sorry you are leaving my father like this.
I am sorry to find you like this.
I am sorry to have to say this. Help me away from here, dear Charmian.
I am sorry to hear this.
I am so sorry.
I am finished.
I am strong-willed.
Sorry, I am all stuffed.
I am sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.
I am sure he is out there dancing.
I just know I am not one.
I am sure nobody would have any reason to fight with me.
I am sure of that.
I am sure the duke will never allow this contract to be enforced.
I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.
I am sure you both remember me.
I am sure you know him.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness deserves thanks.
I will be good, sir.
All these quarrels are about me.
That is me you are talking about, the playful wanderer of the night.
I am the duke who loved your father.
I am the greatest, but I was able to do the least.
I am the king himself.
I am the man she wants.
I am Sir Rowland Rowland’s middle son, and I bring you news.
I am the son of Marcus Cato.
I am the one who will get right on that.
I am the youngest man by that name, because there is no one younger, or worse.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I am reminding you of what you promised me.
I am the ghost of your father. I am doomed for a certain period of time to walk the earth at night, while during the day I
I am backed into a corner with nowhere to run.
I am to blame for making you wait for me.
I am sorry.
Do not take what I said more seriously than it deserves to be taken.
His arrow has pierced me too deeply, so I cannot fly high with his cheerful feathers.
I have been transformed somehow, haven’t I?
I am unfit to rule and to be king.
I am very sensitive, and even the smallest bit of rudeness hurts my feelings.
I am very glad about that.
It is very nice to see you, sir.
I am very glad to see you.
I am very uncomfortable, and that will not help my case.
I am arrogant, vengeful, ambitious, and have more ill will in me than I can fit into my thoughts.
I am very sorry you are not feeling well.
I am tired of you.
It would be smart to offer someone poor and innocent like me as a sacrificial lamb to satisfy an angry god like Macbeth.
You are my guests.
I am your neighbor and came courting first.
I am yours forever.
I am your little dog, Demetrius.
I will be your wife if you will have me.
I am.
I need to be alone with my thoughts for a while and do not want any company.
My sword and I will earn our place in history.
I make her angry sometimes by saying that Paris is more handsome than you are.
Pay you?
Henry Lord Scroop of Masham, I arrest you for treason.
Richard Earl of Cambridge, I arrest you for high treason.
Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland, I arrest you for high treason.
I assure you that I am only doing my duty to my God and my good king.
I am telling you, it was Carthage.
I will wait on them with all respect and duty.
I told him to knock at your gate and for the life of me could not get him to do it.
I carry no hatred, holy man, because my request will benefit my enemy.
You, Prince, are the man who can give me justice.
I believe drink did all of this to you last night.
I think we will have to leave out all the killing, come to think of it.
Please, young man, do not make me angry.
Please forgive me if I am mistaken, my lord, but I can't keep quiet when I think you are being insulted.
Please do me this one favor: find out what I have done to offend this knight.
Please follow straight after me.
Please go, sir.
Please, sir, I beg you.
What kind of man is he?
Yes, please tell me.
You dog, you peasant!
I did not order it.
I love you, value you, and honor you.
I am bleeding, but you did not kill me.
I am not bringing any declarations of war or demands for cash.
I have news for you about the Prince’s punishment.
I only partly believe it, for I am enthusiastic and resolved to meet all dangers without wavering.
According to an agreement, I should wear it myself.
I am being gentle with you, because I am one of those good-hearted people who are polite to the devil himself.
I did not call you.
I meant they had to give her credit.
Back then, I called you “a poor, imitation queen,” a pretty prologue for the tragedy that was about to follow.
I came from Corinth, Your Highness.
I came here to tell you, since she has already been talked about for too long. The lady is unfaithful.
I cannot explain it.
I will wait patiently.
I cannot watch any more.
I cannot keep myself from throwing things at him.
I can be discreet in honorable matters, ride a horse, run, tell a good story, and deliver a plain message.
I cannot live by pretending anymore.
I cannot speak any more.
I cannot speak anymore.
I can read.
I am sorry, but I memorized what I am supposed to say here today, and that question is not part of the speech I learned.
I can see what is in broad daylight.
I am still young enough to see without glasses, and I do not see what you are talking about.
I can stand well enough, and I can speak just fine.
I will stay with Regan with my hundred knights.
I can suck sadness out of a song the way a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I swear.
Where is good Miss Mary?
I know what you would do.
I tell you, you can use it to get your shoes fixed.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you started looking for him.
I can tell your Majesty, the Duke is a brave man.
I can make my handwriting look just like Lady Olivia’s.
I can arrange it so that at some indecent hour of the night, she looks out Hero’s bedroom window.
I can help you find a wife who is rich, young, beautiful, and reared in a manner fit for a gentlewoman.
I cannot make myself a man by wishing I were, so as a woman I will die from grieving.
I refuse to accept that.
Goneril, you know how much I love you, but still I have to say— Shush, please.
I cannot believe that.
I cannot ask you to make my daughter live, that is impossible. I beg you both to tell the people of Messina that she was innocent
I cannot blame her.
I cannot blame you now for weeping.
I cannot help remembering the things that were most precious to me.
I cannot pull a cart or eat dried oats like a horse.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus’s love.
I cannot find it.
I cannot run away.
I cannot go any further.
All right! It is not fine, and I am not all right.
I cannot find anyone who saw her leave.
I cannot hide what I am.
I do not expect Caesar and Antony will have a very friendly reunion.
I cannot live without her.
I will not live to hear the news from England.
I cannot love him.
I can’t make up for everything that I would like to, so accept such kindness as I can offer.
I cannot say “whore.” It makes me sick to say the word.
I would rather have lost my legs in battle than be a part of this.
I cannot talk about my happiness anymore.
I do not know about that.
I cannot speak to her, even though she asked me to.
I cannot speak your England.
I do not understand all of it.
I don’t know what you and other men think of this life, but as for me, I would rather not live at all than
I do not know, except they are busy with some phony guarantee.
I am not sure, but I do not think so.
I do not remember.
It is not for me to say.
I do not know.
I cannot tell what is going on.
I cannot believe that.
I cannot believe my sister would neglect her obligations in any way.
I cannot believe you are my son.
Well, I would not want to undo the naughtiness, since the boy turned out so well.
I am not interested in being good.
I would not care about my spirits, if my legs weren’t tired.
I do not care.
Well, that does not worry me.
As my child, I order you to do so.
Do not be more distressed than I am.
I am telling you, get out of here, and do not follow me around like this.
I order you to speak.
Do not try to tempt me.
I urge you to deliver your verdict.
If you hope to have your sins forgiven by Christ’s dear blood, which He shed for our terrible sins, you must leave.
I am ordering you to go home.
I order you to come with me.
I have made my choice.
I chose her for my wife when I thought I had no father to ask advice of.
I have only come in to try to fight him with the strength of my youth.
I have not come to steal your loyalty, friends.
I have come here to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I have come to take you to the senate house.
I am asking you out of charity to let us wander over this field to record the numbers of our dead and bury them, separating our nobles from
I ordered that the sleeves be cut out and sewed up again, and I will prove it in combat.
My services are at your command.
I admire your efforts, and all of you will share the rewards.
I know it is foolish to be so much in love, but I can't help it.
I admit the cape.
I admit two sleeves.
I demand this in the name of all the saints in heaven.
Tell me what you want to know.
I could be sad if I wanted to be.
I could be convinced if I were like you.
I could do more to help Antony, but to do so would insult him.
I could find it in my heart to beat him. Please kiss my feet.
I could even supply the dialogue between you and your lover if you did your little puppet show of love for me.
I could make the same boast even if I had a pig as my mistress.
I could marry that Maria for thinking this up.
I would like to munch on some dry oats.
I have never been more useful to you than I will be now.
I did not find him at the Elephant.
I did not have the heart to say no to him.
I could not forget you, since I never saw you before in my life.
I couldn't stay behind after you left.
I could do a great job with Hercules, or any other part that requires ranting and raving.
She is worse than wicked.
I have more news.
I could do without another toast.
I wish there was less social pressure to drink.
I want the law, the penalty, and the fulfillment of my contract.
Even if you were as handsome as I am, I beg your highness’ pardon.
I will cross myself.
I beg your pardon. I thought it was me whom you were calling all those terrible names.
I mistook you for that sly Venetian woman who married Othello.
Oh, yes, I am sorry, uncle. If you will excuse me, your grace.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon, sirs. Please tell me your name.
Heaven keep you safe.
I can assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
I hate to say it, but it is almost two and we will not get there before suppertime.
Yes, I do.
I would swear he would not leave it behind, or even take it off his finger, for all the money in the world.
Please, come with me.
Believe me, I will draw my sword as quick as any other man if I see a fight starting and the law is on my side.
I will bet anything you like that nothing will happen.
I am sure I can answer for him, but he does not know any, either.
I can't admit that, since you would have to compare his excellence to mine.
I would better not drink now.
I do not dare come down. Forgive me, my lord. I do not dare, for fear of capture.
I do not dare, sir.
I will bet my life that he only wrote this letter to gauge my love for you, and for no other reason.
I am sure you do not dislike him so much as to wish he were here alone.
I think he is actually serious, and not just being polite.
I could swear this is the real Vincentio.
I do dare, and I say that you are the villain.
I defy brain-death!
Sometimes all I want to do is see plays and go out dancing.
I did not refuse you.
I do not deny it.
I want to head out tonight.
I look forward to getting to know you better.
I played Julius Caesar.
I heard him groan, yes, I did. The same tongue that ordered the Romans to obey him and transcribe his speeches in their books
I heard the galloping of horses.
I was wrong to her. Do you know how an oyster makes its shell?
I used to love you.
I have never heard so loud a voice issue from such an empty heart.
I did not accuse you of lying.
I did not kill your husband.
I haven’t seen him recently.
I haven’t seen you since you sent me to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I did not realize he knew her.
I did not think I would ever fight Pompey.
I did not think you could be so angry.
I did not think I would see you here.
My sweet husband, I did not lock you out.
I did not.
I did not do anything.
That is what I said when I first conjured the tempest.
I asked you for gold to pay my soldiers, and you would not give it to me.
After you cast your magic spell on me last time, I sent you a ring.
I did.
I did that and more, which brings me to the point of this second meeting.
Look how shapely your legs are.
I watched him very closely.
Yes, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
You are under arrest, sir.
I assure you, sir, it is true.
I swear to you, I do not want to be doing this.
I am waiting here for the general, and I do not want him to see me with a woman.
I am starting to feel murderous urges.
I believe it was him.
I believe you, and I ask you to forgive me.
I think this applause is for some new honors awarded to Caesar.
I ask you, if you have a grudge against me, to kill me now, while your stained hands still smell of blood.
Those of you who are young and active, I beg you to follow them and keep them from doing crazy things their guilt might push them to do
I am asking you to understand my point of view.
I beg you to tell me your name so I can use it in my prayers.
Please, sir, have patience.
Please, sir, do not trouble yourself.
Please do not take it badly, but I cannot and will not give in to you.
I am begging you.
I beg you to pardon me.
I beg you.
Please, your Grace, tell me what crime I have committed.
Please, my lord, call her back.
I am biting my thumb.
All I am asking for is to have that little human boy as part of my crew.
I am only trying to keep the peace.
I will stay in Messina until you are married, and then I will go to Aragon.
I confess my crime and throw myself on your Highness’s mercy.
I agree. Put a mark next to his name.
I am arresting you as a criminal.
I hope it does not make me unchaste that I really want to be a married woman.
I do not want anything more.
I hope that we can be better strangers.
I willingly accept your offer and put my future in your hands.
I ask that none of you leave, except myself, until Antony has finished.
Your grace, please forgive me.
I am afraid the people have made Caesar their king.
I can hear the lark singing.
I do not know what I am doing.
I recognize his walk.
I know when a man is on fire, he will swear anything.
I am not competitive like Antony.
I like it better than laughing.
There is nothing in the world that I love as much as you.
That is not how I do business.
I will not beg the gods to punish you, or caution you to fear their judgment.
I am not asking you to call her.
I do not expect him to answer for me, and yet I am determined to fight vigorously for him.
I do not think you are treating me fairly.
No, of course you do not.
I have never known any woman or seen a woman's face except my own in the mirror.
I do not know what “poetical” means.
I do not know that you are as good a man as myself.
I do not know what to believe, father.
I do not know.
I do not like her name.
I do not like what you are asking me to do.
Of all places, I do not like the
I swear, I do not like the look of you.
I do not like your faults.
I am not fooling myself, or letting myself get carried away by my imagination, because every clue points to the fact that Lady Olivia loves me
I do not see any blood.
As for my soul, how can the ghost endanger that, since it is as immortal as the ghost?
I doubt it.
I do not think it is a good idea.
I do not think so.
I do not believe any woman like that exists.
I doubt it, since you were not even three at the time.
I do not understand.
I am not sure, my lord.
I do not understand what you mean.
No, I do not, sir.
I do not until you practice them on me.
I guess this is not a fish, but a native who was struck by lightning just now.
I will obey you until I can make bail.
This shepherd boy reminds me quite vividly of my daughter.
As I remember, Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond would be king when Richmond was only a foolish little boy.
I understand now.
I remember very well where I am, and here I am.
I remember.
I am sorry I said anything.
I regret all the time I wasted with her.
I will do what is best for each of them so I can do what is best for their honor and the safety of the kingdom.
I will help you through this business.
It is true, I confess.
I do suffer love, because I love you against my will.
I suspect that I have committed some offence to the city and you have come to reprimand me for not knowing better.
I do the wrong and am the first to start quarrels.
I think there must be something invigorating about death, since she dies with such enthusiasm.
I wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the Earth.
This harms my reputation.
I do, and it sounds like you are talking in your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I do, in fact.
Yes, I do.
I do.
I doubt it is anything but the obvious reason: his father’s dying and our quick marriage.
No doubt, but you may be going about it the wrong way.
I suspect his friends will join us.
I am sure he will stay under control.
I do not doubt your wisdom.
I have no doubt about that, since I know there isn’t a man among us who isn’t with me wholeheartedly,
I am afraid something dangerous is coming toward you.
I suspect some foul play.
I had a dream last night.
I had a dream last night about the three witches.
I dreamed about an emperor called Antony.
I dreamed last night that I feasted with Caesar, and unlucky signs overwhelmed my imagination.
I drew my sword to part them.
I drink to you.
Imagine, me, a drunk.
Before you got so angry, I never would have thought that.
I would not have dared.
I would swear to you on my soul that she is a good, honest person.
I eat the air, like chameleons do.
I am game.
I am afraid it will make you too hot, too.
If he is so sad and solemn when he is young, I can only imagine how much he will cry as an old man.
I am afraid he will.
I am afraid that I wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed Caesar.
I am afraid it will. I would love it.
I am really worried about that.
I fear that your words and your heart are both false.
I am afraid you will keep going until then.
I am afraid my daughter has forgotten her promise.
I am not afraid of dead uncles.
I am not scared of you.
I am afraid you will come to me again for ransom.
I am afraid you have sold your own land to see other men’s.
I do not trust you.
I thought he was just toying with you and meant to ruin your reputation.
I feel this pinprick.
I will fight against you, Antony.
Claudio deserves to be honored, and Don Pedro has rewarded him accordingly.
She is always talking when I want to sleep.
I am not sleepy at all.
I find you quite gentle.
We are off, Biondello.
I am serving under him to take advantage of him.
These sweet thoughts relieve me and refresh me, especially when I am slaving away.
I will let you get away with skipping the praise.
I found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress.
I found him here. Beating?
I found Orlando under a tree, like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my room, and Iago confessed that he put it there for his own purposes.
It was tossed into the window of my room.
I never saw Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
You were a cold crumb on dead Julius Caesar’s plate when I met you.
While I waited, I would frown impatiently, and perhaps wind my watch, or play with my jewelry.
I frown at him, but he still loves me.
I gave him no order.
I gave him the material.
I gave my lover a ring and made him swear never to lose it or give it away.
I wish I could take that promise back, so I could give again.
I gave you everything. It was about time.
For you, I give myself away and I am ecstatic about the exchange.
I curse him, but he loves me.
It is yours.
With this ring I give them all to you.
I am going to stand so I can see him pass on the way to the Capitol.
I am going, I am going.
I am coming, my lord.
I am off, my lord.
Do not think I am doing this because I am greedy.
Around three or four o'clock, look for news from the meeting hall.
I am going now.
I am going.
I am off.
Here I go.
I admit that he is murderous, lecherous, greedy, deceitful, malicious, and guilty of every sin that has a name.
I admit I am only a woman, but nevertheless I am the woman Lord Brutus took for his wife.
I admit I am only a woman, but I am still a woman from a noble family. I am Cato’s daughter.
I admit it does not look that way to me, and the fact that you suspect me shows that you are smart.
My friends, you have to admit that if you scare the living daylights out of the ladies, they would have no choice but to execute us
Yes, I will grant you that.
I accept your devotion with my deepest love.
I think I can guess what you are about to say.
I had a round with him, and his sword thrust is so deadly that you cannot even duck out of the way.
You had a Clarence, too, and Richard killed him.
I had a son, whom I have legally disowned.
I had a scar here that looked like a “T”; now it is an “H.” They are retreating.
I would rather be a heretic than a schemer with fancy plots.
I would rather be wooed by a snail.
I would rather carry a reed that obviously cannot protect me than a sword I cannot lift.
I would prefer to keep my mistress rather than some lame horse.
I would be just as happy if you broke his neck as his finger.
I would be happy if the entire army had had sex with her, the lowest-ranking grunts and all, as long as I did not
Otherwise I would have been perfect, as solid as a piece of marble, as firm as a rock, as free as the air itself.
I forgot about the reward.
Yes, I forgot. Three months.
I got it from him.
Leah gave it to me before we were married.
I desperately needed God’s blessing, but the word “Amen” stuck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet ring in my pocket with the royal seal of Denmark on it.
I had heard about my brother’s plan and have been subtly trying to change his mind.
I would rather be a weed in a hedge than a rose in my brother’s garden.
I would rather be a country serving maid than a great queen if it meant I could escape your scorn and constant harassment.
I would rather be a dog and howl at the moon than be that kind of Roman.
I would rather be a peddler.
I would rather be a toad in a moldy basement than to have only a part of someone I love, sharing her with others.
I would rather be anything besides a fool.
No, I would rather be married to a skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of those men.
I would rather break my own heart.
I would rather have a jester to make me happy than experience to make me sad.
I would prefer to have a handful or two of dried peas.
I would rather have my horse than a mistress.
I would rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than say anything bad about Michael Cassio.
I would rather listen to my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me.
I would give forty pounds to be safe at home right now.
I would rather adopt a child than have one of my own.
I had planned to celebrate it quietly, but since my lord is once more himself, I will be Cleopatra again.
I hate no-good drunks.
I hate an ungrateful man more than I hate lying, vanity, babbling, drunkenness, or any other vice that we feeble human
I hate your logic as much as I hate an empty drinking cup.
I hate the Moor, and there is a widespread rumor that he has slept with my wife.
I hate the word peace like I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I like it too.
I have worked it out.
I am growing a beard.
I have a daughter who has given me this letter, considering it her duty.
I have a daughter named Katherina.
I have a daughter.
I have a plan that will fix everything.
I have a list of all the important men.
I have a good eye.
I am smart enough to find the logs myself without bothering Peter.
I want to drink your health.
I will have to go on a journey to death soon.
It came from a neutral party, not from someone opposed to you.
I have half a mind to hit you before you speak again.
I have a problem. That is from lack of sleep.
I have a good ear for music.
I have a bad cold that is bothering me.
I have a ship full of treasure.
My soul is made out of lead, and it keeps me stuck on the ground so I can't move.
I have a favor to ask.
I have something for you.
I have an adventurous fairy who will go seek out the squirrel’s secret stash and get you some fresh nuts.
I have an aunt who is a widow, who is very rich and does not have any children.
I have a wife I love.
I have almost forgotten what fear feels like.
I have almost missed the time he requested.
I have already.
I really want to sleep now.
I am in a mood to beat you up pretty good.
I am involved in your rivalry.
I have as much of our father in me as you do, though I admit you are closer to him and matter more because you are older.
I have practiced Stoicism with as much devotion as you, but I still couldn’t bear this news.
His letter is going to be hilarious.
I was talking to a petitioner here just now, someone who is suffering from your anger.
I have been looking all over for you.
Many people have told me so.
I have been up all night.
I just saw your father the Lord Gloucester and notified him that the Duke of Cornwall and his wife Regan will stay with him tonight.
So you finally find me worthy of your attentions.
I have rented land from you and your father for eighty years.
I have told her father, and he has given his permission.
I have brought him a present.
I brought you here from Venice.
I have only given the articles a cursory glance.
I told you not to hang around my house.
I tricked your own eyes.
I have done a bad thing, for which I will blame myself so much that I will never be happy again.
I have only done my duty.
I have botched the job, friends.
I have not done anything wrong.
I have done no more to Caesar than you will do to me.
I have done the deed.
That is it. I am done.
I am finished, then.
I have already had a glass of wine tonight, watered down, but look how drunk I am.
His words are like poison to me.
I have always had great respect for your destiny.
I mean well, sir.
I have told cowards to turn their backs on me and run.
I have forgotten why I called you back.
I have forgotten your name, but you were well cast in the role and played it convincingly.
I have sworn I will never sleep with him or talk to him again.
I have a good reason to cry, but my heart will splinter into a hundred thousand pieces before I let myself cry.
I feel much better after talking to this man.
I have quarreled four times, and almost got in a fight.
I have heard her say that.
Thank God I am not a woman and afflicted with all the giddiness that troubles that entire sex.
I have seen the whole thing, and it is completely worthless. Unless you think their bad acting and their misremembered lines—which they
I heard someone say that.
Now I know better.
I have heard my father mention him.
I have heard of men who pick fights with other people on purpose, just to see how brave they are.
I have heard all about you women and your cosmetics.
I heard that Julius Caesar got fat from all the feasting there.
Your words and actions do not match up.
I have heard many of the noblest Romans—next to immortal Caesar—speaking of the tyranny of today’s government.
They tell me you have done everything you can to talk him out of what he is doing.
I long to be immortal.
I have it on me here.
I do not have it with me.
I have it ready for you.
I am done for.
Tranio, I think I have it!
I knew him when he would have walked ten miles to see a well-crafted suit of armor. Now he spends ten nights awake in his room
I knew him when he listened to nothing but the military drum and fife; now he would prefer to hear the sweet and refined music of the
I put those wedding sheets on your bed, as you asked.
I have often led you, now you must carry me, my friends, and take my thanks for everything.
I have her now, but I have God to thank for it.
I have lived long enough.
I have locked it up in my room.
I have been alive for twenty-eight years, and I have never met a man who knew what was good for him.
Whatever you want, I made it for you.
I have not done anything to you.
I have proved my trustworthiness by giving myself a voluntary wound in my thigh.
If I did not have so many enemies in Orsino’s court, I would go join you there.
In her eyes I see a fire that would seem to burn away the lies the princes have told about her chastity.
I want to stay more than I want to go.
I have more reason to be distressed.
It is all I can do to keep myself from hanging my head down in despair and singing it like poor Barbary.
I have decided on a plan that does not require your assistance.
I do not have the proud melancholy of a courtier or the ambitious melancholy of a soldier or the calculated melancholy of a lawyer.
I do not feel any urge to see a more handsome man than this one.
I do not have any "brilliant" reason for it, but I have a good reason.
I have no food to give you.
I do not really want to do this, but he has given me good reasons.
Yes, I am sure he is dead.
I have no interest in getting mixed up with the devil.
I have no more royal sons for you to murder.
I have no power over you.
I do not have anywhere to go, so I do not need to see.
I have no desire to go outside, yet something leads me there.
I have nothing to say to you.
I do not have a lord.
I did not survive a shipwreck so I could be scared of your four legs now.
I can’t put my feelings into verse, but please believe I love you best, and the best of all.
It was just moments ago.
I haven’t eaten today.
The clock hasn't struck yet.
I haven’t seen him for two days.
I have never seen such a monster.
I have noticed it myself.
I have nothing to do with you.
I have no idea what you are talking about, Hamlet.
I have said too much in telling you of it.
I have destroyed my reputation, a most shameful error.
I have felt neglected recently, but I decided that it was more likely that I was being hypersensitive than that they were intentionally unkind.
I have done your bidding and fulfilled my promise.
I have told you what I intend to do, and I have sworn to seek the penalty that is due according to our contract.
I have told you I am your friend, and I will stick by you.
I have promised to make everything right.
I am wounded.
I mean what I say.
I have said what I have to say.
I said she was.
I have seen her claim to be dying twenty times before, and for far less reason.
I have not seen anything.
I have seen you fight and envied your skill.
I have seen both of you fence.
I have seen you bait and mock this man more than once.
I have sent for him.
I have sent for the strawberries.
I sent for Cassio to come talk with you.
I have sent twenty people to look for you.
I have already slept, my lord.
I have had to acknowledge that he is my son so many times that now I can do it without embarrassment.
I have some business to take care of.
If you pursue it, this strict court of Venice will need to carry out the sentence against the merchant there.
I waited for you in anguish, pain, and agony when I gave birth to you.
I have it ready.
Tonight I received a letter from my sister telling me about them and warning me not to be at home in case they come to stay at my house
I answered that Lepidus had become too brutal and abused his position.
I told you before, and I will tell you again and again: I hate the Moor.
My heart is too sad for long goodbyes.
I have stayed up with you for two nights now, and I have not seen any evidence of what you were talking about.
I have bankrupted three tailors.
I have been singing ever since you made your daughters into your mothers by giving them all your power.
I took good care of you and let you stay in my own hut until you tried to rape my daughter.
I am not much of a drinker.
I have stayed up all night many times before for less important matters, and I have never gotten sick.
I know that, sir.
I know a thousand immature tricks, and I will use them all.
I am forty-eight.
I still have room for six more wounds.
I do, my lord.
Since I was three years old, I have been in contact with a powerful but virtuous magician.
I will have when you hear the rest of what I have to say.
I do.
I hear someone knocking at the south entry.
I hear a voice more piercing than the music of these trumpets calling, “Caesar!” Speak.
I hear him mock Caesar’s luck, which the gods give to men in order to balance out their subsequent wrath.
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I have heard about this indirectly, but I will send for him.
I hear it now overhead.
I hear my father coming.
I do not hear anything, madam.
I hear a noise inside.
I hear some noise.
There are the minstrels.
I heard the news, my lord.
Where is that music coming from?
I hear their drums.
I hear that you must marry on Thursday, and that nothing can delay it.
I heard Octavius say that Brutus and Cassius have ridden like madmen through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear he did.
I did not hear it.
I heard myself declared an outlaw and escaped capture by hiding in the trunk of a hollow tree.
I did not hear anything.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
Just a minute ago I heard you say you did not like it when Cassio left my wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
I give you that thing which, if you did not already have it, I would try with all my heart to keep from you.
There she is.
I hid under this monster’s cloak to get out of the storm.
I am sorry, sir, but in this war I consider you a subordinate, not my equal.
Your delicacies are not worth as much to me as your welcome.
I am hoping for better.
I hope he is in love.
I hope he has grown a lot since I last saw him.
I hope he is, but mothers get to have their doubts.
I hope you think I am faithful to you.
I hope you are not drowned.
I hope she keeps it short.
I hope it works out for the best, Lepidus.
I hope so.
The king made peace among all of us.
I hope they do not attack us now.
I am hoping my holy mood will pass.
I hope this explanation will stand as my excuse.
I hope you have not lost your mind.
I hope we have corrected that fault pretty well in our company.
I hope you are not trying to cheat me.
I hope you remember that I said all this because I love you.
I hope your Majesty will bear me out and vouch for the fact that this glove is the glove of Alençon and that your Majesty
I hope for my brother’s sake that he wrote it to test my honor.
I hope he is not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like you can find him.
No, he is not in hell.
I am learning every hour how to be subservient.
Please, I am asking you to go ahead and get back to your state affairs.
I beg your pardon for loving you too much.
I humbly say goodbye.
I humbly thank you.
Thank you kindly, sir.
Very well, thank you.
I thank you, lady.
Thank you.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and from the bottom of my heart I love the lovely boy.
I knew a girl who was married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
I knew that would be your answer.
I knew you would turn out this way.
I had you figured for a piece of furniture.
I knew your father.
I know it.
I know a lady in Venice who would walk all the way to Palestine for a kiss from him.
I know a terrific woman.
I can see in your eyes there has been some good news.
Thank you.
I know he would not be a wolf if the Romans did not act like sheep.
She can guess her answer.
I know her by her walk.
I do not know her father, but I know her father and he knew mine well.
I do not know him.
I know him to be valiant.
I know him well.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, do not speak.
I know his eyes are worshiping some other woman, or why would he not be here?
I know the sound of his walk. Die, villain!
I know how his mind works.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I recognize his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I will not please you.
I know where she is and, if you do not mind, I will set her before you tomorrow, whole and unharmed.
I can tell by how pale and deathlike they look.
I know it is the moon.
I know it is the sun that shines so bright.
It does not make either of us happy, I know.
I know that, sir.
I know that my hour has come.
I know that my lady is going to end up hitting him.
I know my medicine will work on him.
I know my rights.
I do not know what to say.
I do not have any news to report, my lord.
I have no idea how.
I don’t know any fancy ways of talking about love, only to say right out, “I love you.” If
I do not know who had him arrested, but the man that arrested him was in a suit of leather.
Please tell me the worst thing that could happen to me if I refuse to marry Demetrius.
I do not know how to ask you for forgiveness, but I have to say something.
I am not sure it is true, but just the suspicion is enough for me.
I do not know that, once he knows what I know.
I do not know what else it could be.
I do not know what to say.
I do not know what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell down.
I do not know where he is staying, so if I told you he is sleeping here or there, I would be lying.
I can't tell who is who.
I do not know why he has come here.
Gentlemen, I do not know what you intend to do, who else you intend to kill, or who else you consider corrupt.
I do not know, ma'am.
I do not know, madam.
Menas, I do not understand how minor quarrels can be superseded by greater ones.
I do not know, sir.
I do not know.
I do not know his name.
I know the people of Venice well.
I know she is a hateful, brawling scold.
I know this quality in you, Brutus. It is as familiar to me as your face.
I know that voice.
I know that he will be on our side.
I see that you are here, but I would like you to go there and then come back again.
I know the boy will be a convincing gentlewoman, taking up her exact walk and talk and gentle gestures.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the king and queen sent for you.
I recognize the handwriting.
I know him.
I do not even know you.
I know you.
You are a hardworking villain who would do anything his evil mistress wanted him to.
I know who you are.
I know you.
I know who you are.
I know they are in Rome together, hoping for Antony to return.
I know the burden of hosting him is both an honor and a trouble, but that does not mean it is not a trouble.
Well, I recognize this one. Good God!
I know you have no choice.
I know you will say “yes,” and I will believe you.
I know you are the right person for this job.
I know your position.
You know why I think so?
I know how to tell when someone is alive or dead.
I know where I will wear this dagger.
I know you are my oldest brother, and deserve more respect.
I know you would never skip school.
I know you know something. Thanks for the compliment, I am happy you know that.
I know she trusts you and tells you everything.
I can tell by the way you waggle your head.
You know I would never approve a war against my own cause.
I do not know you.
I know you from before.
I know you for what you really are, but as your sister, I am reluctant to criticize you.
I know you.
I know that young men look forward to their rest.
I recognize your face perfectly, even without a sailor’s cap on your head. Take him away.
Sir, I know I am not a flatterer.
I do not know,” he said, “any house, wife, or mistress.
I recently shared a bed with Cassio, and I couldn’t sleep because of a raging toothache.
I learned it in England, where they have a talent for drinking.
I leave a slimy bastard with you, your Worship, for you to punish and make an example of.
I leave him to you.
I am going to forget my duties to you and complain about the injuries you have caused me.
I led them on in this frightened, distracted state, and left sweet.
I did not give her any ring.
I do not like the way he is acting, and it is not safe for me to let his insanity get out of control.
I like him very well.
I do not like it.
I do not like that.
I like your new wig and headdress, though I would like it more if the hair were a shade browner.
It is pretty.
I like you guys.
I did not think you would follow me.
I wish we were safely on board our ship already.
I can’t wait to hear him call the drunkard “husband,” and to watch my men smother their laughter as
I am dying to hear your life story, which must be a strange tale.
I need to hear the truth about all this.
I am dying to see the prince.
That is just a fairy tale.
I saw her face as she walked with her brother and Mark Antony.
I was not expecting you, and I am not ready to receive you.
Now I want her more than ever.
Look, I do not love you, so stop following me around.
I will not be kind to you.
I love you all the more for not liking it.
I love to argue with him when he is having one of these fits, because then he has a lot to say.
That makes me love you even more.
I love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to protest with.
I love you as a child should love her father, neither more nor less.
I loved him as much as any father ever loved his son.
I loved Ophelia.
I always loved you.
I did not love you.
No, I did not say that.
I use it all the time, since it is all that I have.
I do not make fortunes; I only see them.
Me, marry her.
I wonder why Cambio hasn’t shown up in all this time.
I am surprised my bland husband did not meet me on the way here.
I am amazed how similar you and your daughters are.
I am surprised I did not bite back.
I am surprised you enjoy the company of this stupid troublemaker.
But silence, like a knife, cuts open my heart with strokes that draw no blood.
I may command the one I love.
I might do something I will be sorry for.
I will not say anything negative about what he might be.
I cannot do this.
I cannot, ma'am.
I say “force” because Brutus would rather I stuck sharp blades and poisoned arrows in his ears than fill them with this.
I should sit in the corner and sing that song, “Heigh-Ho for a Husband!” Lady Beatrice, I
I am a pitiful singer.
I do not mean he is.
I just meant that our hearts are joined, so we can almost think of them as one heart.
We will not take their garbage.
In a way, I mean.
I mean, with my head in your lap?
She is the reason I am here.
Excellent in fencing, I mean.
I meant to say the Lord Protector.
What do the words say?
Please go into the house, sir.
I just meant that you should use some holy thistle.
I am a surgeon to old shoes.
I met Venus as she was with her son on her way to her home on Paphos, in a carriage pulled by doves.
I met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him.
I met the young man at Lawrence’s cell.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
Maybe I should ask you what right you have to take me, but I will take you, Orlando, to be my husband.
I could imagine he is divine, since I have never seen anything so noble-looking on earth before.
It would be easier to do it in the dark.
I could have saved her.
I do not understand why she is not locked up.
I must and will have Katherine for my wife.
Your love will use it to climb up to your window while it is dark.
I would do it myself, but I cannot leave my post.
I must attend Caesar.
I must join the duke for lunch.
I should really leave right away.
I have to make do.
How is Hamlet?
I must be gone.
I have to go.
I cannot talk now.
I should be ridiculed and laughed at even more for speaking of you disrespectfully, when I had no reason to speak of you at all.
I must be one of these silent so-called wise men that Gratiano is talking about, because he never lets me get a word in
There is no need to be, really, for you are my teacher, so I must believe you.
I will have to ask you some questions, madam.
I must admit your offer is the best.
I am leaving your court now.
I have to eat my dinner now.
Let me embrace you.
I want you to do some things for our wedding, and I also want to discuss something that concerns you both.
I need to get Othello’s things from the ship.
I must go in.
Now I have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower.
Let me accompany you to Belmont.
Like the wind, I must have the freedom to blast anyone I please.
Everything is out of control.
I must leave them and seek better employment.
Now I must return to the wedding.
I look forward to getting to know you better.
I have to follow him and give him the letter.
I must go report what happened.
I have to tell you everything.
I cannot say no.
I have to obey.
I will have to tell the story again every month, since you seem to forget it.
Either I had to ruin you, or you would have ruined me.
I have no choice.
I have thousands of logs to take away and pile up, on strict orders from him.
I have to stay with the servants, who are with our camp’s luggage.
You want me to copy the embroidery pattern?
I need to speak a word with you.
I must tell you then.
I should go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I am getting really hairy around the face.
I have to leave right away.
Actually, I should.
I could do it myself.
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed.
I did it myself.
I have never seen him like this before.
I should not be ashamed of your Majesty, God be praised, so long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I do not know, and he will not tell me.
Just looking at him gives me heartburn.
I got it from you. I never said I did not.
I never caused her any harm, as far as I know.
I have never seen the waters so disturbed.
I never felt it until now. Two thousand dollars in that diamond, and other precious, precious jewels.
I never offended him at all.
I never gave him reason to be jealous.
I never gave him any token of romantic love.
The Duke’s trumpets.
I have never been your enemy.
I have never heard such confused emotions as what that Jew dog was shouting in the streets.
I had never heard such raucous music, such pleasant thunder.
I never hurt you.
I never knew a woman who loved a man so much.
I did not expect any better from him once he got involved with Mistress Shore.
I will never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales.
I have never seen a better-designed gown, more elegant and pleasing and well made.
I never saw a woman except her and Sycorax, my mother.
I never saw such a shameful act.
I never saw her till now.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the necklace, so help me.
I have never seen you before in my life.
I cannot stand her.
I have never spoken with her in my life.
I never tried to win over a friend or enemy with sweet words.
I never thought any less of him.
I was never disloyal, and I never will be.
I have no doubt he got ashore alive.
I saw her, but I did not notice her.
Now I realize your brother tried to kill your father not just because your brother is an evil man, but because your father deserved it by being wicked
I regret having lied to the messenger about how my enemies were being butchered at Pomfret while I was in good standing with Richard.
I nursed her daughter, whom you were just talking to.
I have given money to people who were unable to pay back their loans to him.
I went to many places where I heard news about her, but I couldn't find her.
I lent my body once to make him rich.
I will say goodbye once more.
I once wrote a sonnet in praise of nature which began, “Wonder of nature.” I have heard a sonnet to one
I am one, my lord.
I just speak directly.
I overheard him and his plans.
I am telling you this story for a reason.
I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace.
I wish I could live longer.
I forgive that man.
I almost feel you.
I am sure I can guess.
I know the man a bit.
In fact, the real nightmare had just begun.
I will pause for a reply.
These lords seem so astonished that they have lost their use of reason and can hardly believe what they see with their own eyes.
I wonder if you would be so good as to grant my wish and my request and gratify me, see, by eating this leek.
I pitied you, worked hard to teach you to speak, and taught you some new things practically every hour.
I pity your situation.
I feel sorry for you.
I pray to God he is not.
Please stay below deck, sir.
I hope with all my heart she will.
Please tell me seriously what you think of her.
Be good enough to take back the same answer I gave before.
Stop advising me; your words pass through my ears like water through a sieve.
Please, I beg you, do not scold me.
Please, do not make fun of me.
Please, get some excellent music, because tomorrow we want to serenade Lady Hero at her bedroom window.
Please, give it to me.
Please, Horatio, go with him.
I am begging you, good Mercutio, let’s call it a day.
I am going to get my money. Please listen to me.
Please be quiet.
If you can do it without taking advantage of the young man, buy the cottage, pasture, and flock for us, and we will pay you
Let’s go find him and cheer him up.
Please listen carefully.
Please, educate me.
Tell me.
Please, leave me alone.
Please, Rosalind, my sweet cousin, be happy.
Come on, please sing.
Please tell me he is all right.
I ask you, if you have kept this a secret, keep doing so.
Please, all of you stand up.
I will lower my voice.
Please walk with me a little ways, and tell me if I will see you later tonight.
Please invite them in.
Please do.
Please leave me alone.
Please do not ruin any more of my poems by reading them so badly.
Please do not ruin any more trees by carving love poems on their barks.
Please take them.
Please go find out for certain who has arrived.
I hope you will be a good father to me now.
Please, tell Benedick about her feelings and see what he has to say.
Please, tell me your cure.
Tell me.
Please tell your brother what a convincing show I put on.
Watch over Signior Leonato’s house; with the wedding being held there tomorrow, there is a great to-do there.
Choose another tack.
Please, give my regards to your mother, Mrs. Peapod, and your father.
Please make him change his mind.
Do not leave me in the lurch.
Please, father, since you are weak, act like it.
Please let me go.
Please remember, love.
Please come with me.
Please let me know your plan, Bassanio.
I suggest you lay low until his rage cools a little.
Please let her speak.
Please, dear, calm down.
Has my master returned yet?
Please, sir, crack jokes over lunch.
Please, keep it to yourself.
I hope you will recognize me when we meet again.
Please, leave me alone.
Please, leave it here.
Please, let me review the contract.
Let me see it.
Do not interpret my suspicions as slander against you.
Keep an eye on her.
Please, master, tell me.
Please, one of you go ask that man over there if we can buy some food off him.
I will drink it if I like.
Come on, give me your best shot.
Please, do not forget to leave me a tip.
Please rise, Queen.
Please, pay him immediately.
Please, sir, hurry up.
Please, sir, restrain yourself.
Now listen, either give me my ring or give me the necklace.
Calm down, sir.
Who is this person?
Sirs, I ask you to sleep in my tent.
Please do not speak to him.
Please, tell us.
Please tell my father, madam, I will not marry yet.
In that case, I ask that you let that one item stand with the rest, and bestow your daughter on me.
Please lock the door and keep quiet.
Uncle, please give me your dagger.
Please tell me who is this man?
Tell me, what does he think of our situation?
Please, will you take his arm?
Please.
Excuse me sir, do you know how to read?
Is it possible that a person could fall in love so suddenly?
Please do not cry.
Can I have some?
Do tell.
Please name a time, but do not wait more than three days.
Please show us the way without further delay. Since the king and all our comrades are drowned, we are the heirs of this place.
Please stop being so strange and tell me what exactly I should blab to my lady.
Please tell me what you are thinking, even your worst suspicions.
I am begging you to take the cork out of your mouth so I can drink the news.
Please help me conceal my identity, and find me the right disguise so I can look the way I want.
Please, hurry.
Boy, I beg you to run to the senate house.
Please call him and tell him to come back here.
Please do so.
Please, fool, go away.
So tell me, Grumio, how goes the world?
You are too bitter.
Have your wife attend to her and bring them along as soon as you can.
Please be quiet.
Pretty York, who told you about his teeth?
Please, young man, I would like to get to know you better.
Please take them off.
Please, tell me some of them.
I beg you to remember the good work I have done for you, and how I have never lied to you, never made mistakes, and never
Please sir, if love or money can buy anything in this empty place, tell us where we can rest and feed ourselves.
I beg you, Strato, stay by me.
I am begging you, tell me who it is quickly, and speak fast.
I beg you to turn away and cry for her.
Please, go somewhere else to blab your nonsense.
Okay, who does it trot for?
Please, who?
I am telling you, I hardly know myself.
I swear to you, many members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before.
I tell you, I feel very jolly remembering such a beautiful dream.
I swear, I love you.
I swear, anyone who laughs at these courts jesters is nothing but a jester’s apprentice.
I swear to you, you have a good heart, and believe me, I will tell her that.
I believe it completely.
I put it in the pocket of my nightgown.
I would rather wrong the dead, and wrong myself and you, than wrong such honorable men.
I would rather give myself up to the hatred of a violent brother who refuses to recognize that we are brothers.
I spoke with a Frenchman yesterday who said that a Venetian ship loaded with treasure was wrecked in the English Channel.
I remember a jumble of impressions, but nothing distinctly.
I remember him well, and my memory tells me that he deserves your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar ever put it on.
I remember the plan.
I remember your eyes quite well.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword on a stone, and told him to take that for coming to see Jane Smile.
I remember you took the throne from your brother Prospero.
Yes, I remember.
I remember.
I am very sorry I was so hard on him.
I am indebted to you.
I have transferred Richard’s body to a new grave and on it has shed more tears of remorse than it has shed drops of blood.
I pulled it from his wound.
I said so, dear Katherine, and I am not ashamed to repeat it.
I said you had a fine wit.
I saw it in the orchard.
I never saw it or suspected it, so it never hurt me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio say goodbye.
I saw her buried in her family’s tomb, and then I came here to tell you the news.
I did not see him.
I saw him once.
The other day I saw him defeated in a fight.
I just saw him yesterday, or “the other day,” or whenever it is.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown—though it wasn’t a real crown, just a small circlet—and, as
I did not see anybody use you for kicks.
I saw Othello’s true face when I saw his mind.
You know, I saw the Duchess of Milan's gown, the one that everyone praises so highly.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you at Count Orsino’s recently.
I know him well.
Amen to that.
I said “your husband.” Do you understand that word?
I say a devil.
I mean a husband.
I repeat, spread the rumor that Anne, my wife, is sick and likely to die.
I say amen to everything she said.
Amen to that.
Good day to you, Captain Fluellen.
I say he should go to prison.
I say that I love you more than he does.
I tell you, I will either make him eat some part of this leek or give him a four-day head-bashing.
I say it is the moon that shines so bright.
I say it is the moon.
Your daughter is my flesh and blood.
I say my prayers out loud.
The point is that she did not write this letter.
I say she shall, and first begin with her.
You have ruined my innocent child.
I am telling you, your husband.
I am telling you, this house is dark.
I tell you that I requested that your master cut out the gown, but I did not ask him to cut it all to pieces.
I say you are not.
I am telling you, just watch his face.
I was telling you he used witchcraft to take this island.
I am telling you, it is not lost.
Caesar, I am telling you that Antony is dead.
Go ahead.
There is no darkness except ignorance, and you are more ignorant than the Egyptians during the plague of fog.
I tell you, this house is as dark as ignorance.
I hereby declare we will have no more marriage.
I am not insulting you.
I see a voice.
I believe a woman may be made a fool of if she does not stand up for herself.
I see him revive himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you are poor.
I know exactly how to proceed.
Even the best jewel can be tarnished.
I see the downfall of my family.
It looks like these witches are scared of swords.
You seem a little depressed about this.
I can tell that you do not know who I am.
Your old age and the prospect of death are making you imagine things.
Either my eyes deceive me, or I see two husbands.
I see you are all determined to gang up on me for a few laughs.
I see you do not intend to part with her, or perhaps you do not like my company.
I can see you do not like this gentleman.
I see you are all consumed with emotion.
I see you like to make big offers, sir.
I see you have met with the jeweler.
I sent for you about a sad occasion.
I sent Dromio to you with money for bail, but I do not believe he brought it to you.
My employer is as good as yours.
I serve the king, who sent me here.
I am at your service, madam.
I sent him there, sir, but his crimes deserved a worse punishment.
I shook you and shouted at you, sir.
I represent her.
I can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with Portia’s African servant.
I will meet you at your tent.
I will be forced to call you a jerk.
I would be very grateful to you if you did.
He will kill me with tortures.
He and I will make up.
My husband will save me.
I will meet you at the ferry.
I will tell the Queen the reason for our quick departure and get her permission to leave.
I will deliver the message.
I would like to get to know you better.
I will think of something.
I will.
I will not wrong any of my friends, because I do not have any to mourn for me, and I will not have wronged the world
I will do well.
Consider it done, my lord.
I will advise him to speak as he usually does.
I will faint.
I will find the time to cry for you, Cassius. I will find the time.
You are going to make me jealous, Launcelot, if you keep taking my wife into dark corners.
I will have glory in this losing day, more than Octavius and Mark Antony will gain by their foul conquest.
I am going to laugh myself to death over this silly monster.
I will miss you, Ariel, but you will be free.
I will never see my gold again.
I will never see the likes of him again.
I cannot sleep quietly in the Tower.
I will do anything you ask.
Yes, I will go.
I will do as you say, father.
Now I will offend you whether I give it to you or not.
I will remember.
I will be off before you are.
I swear, before I die, I will see you sick with love.
I will always be loyal to you, sir.
I will join you, sir.
I will keep your words of wisdom close to my heart.
With the handicap they have given me, I think I will win.
I shall, King Harry.
Yes, sir.
Yes, my lord.
I will do that.
I got him to leave, and made up an excuse for your trance.
I would be angry with you if the occasion allowed.
I should always be wise.
I would die of pity to see someone else in my condition.
I should backtrack and begin with how my master, Don John, arranged for the Prince, Claudio, and himself to witness this friendly encounter
I would have been a sore king then.
I should have reprimanded you then for not bringing it, but you started fighting with me first.
I would have given it to you this morning, but a madman’s letters aren’t Gospel, so it does not matter
I should have known it.
I almost recognize that voice.
If I were, I would not need to ask you what happened.
I shouldn't make you do more than you are able.
It would be wrong for me to think poorly of my grandmother.
I would risk my soul for that.
I slept well, ate well, and was happy.
I am stating the facts as I see them.
If I really laid him bare, I would weep and hang my head, and you would not believe me. His behavior is so shocking.
I am speaking purely in analogies and comparisons.
I know what I am talking about.
I have said nothing wrong.
I do not completely distrust you.
I am not a doddering old fool who brags about the things he did when he was young, and what he would do now if
You should know that I think you are a smart man.
I am not here to disprove what Brutus has said, but to say that I believe there is a lot of sense in what he says
I am not talking about proof yet.
I speak to you as a plain soldier.
Oh, I am talking too loud. Where is Malvolio?
I asked a servant.
I spoke with some of the sailors who survived the wreck.
I have been dishonored: I arranged for a friend of mine to marry a common whore.
I await justice.
I stand with the law on my side.
I am in a rush.
I am sticking to the contract.
We are wasting time here.
I have been here too long.
I stretch my joke for that word “fat.” If you add that word to the word “goose,” it
I hit hard when I am angry.
When I could see, I did not always see clearly.
It is better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a little.
I will give my life for you, just to prove this guy wrong when he says I do not love you.
I swear I will smack you if you hit me again.
I swear to you by Rosalind’s own hand that I am that unfortunate man.
I swear by nothing, because this is no oath.
I think it is later than that, sir.
I do not like it that you knew about this, Iago.
You need to leave to take care of your own business.
I am leaving now.
I will say good-bye now.
I am not interested in anything a woman can do.
I enjoy singing.
I like to pretend you are, because then it is almost like talking to her.
Pay me three times the amount of the loan and let the Christian go.
I was not talking to any man at that time, my lord.
Nature, I do not accuse your weather of unkindness.
I told him we will stay for at least a month, and he says that he hopes we will stay longer.
I am telling the truth.
I am telling you, you jerk priest, my sister will be an angel in heaven while you are howling in hell.
I will tell you this, Constable, my mistress has his own hair.
I tell you, I am as sane as any man in Illyria.
I tell you, you have ruined her gown.
I am telling you it was burnt and dried out.
Let me come clean.
I tell you, man, it is better for me than the last time we met here.
It is not okay.
I am telling you the truth.
I will tell you what to do.
I tell you, though, it is incredible how much she loves me.
I tell you, this will make her angry when she hears about it.
I tell you, Captain, if you look at a map of the world, you will find, comparing Macedon and Monmouth, that the
Let me tell you, the man who marries her will become very wealthy.
Thank God, thank God.
Lord Hastings, you and he are close.
I thank my heart, the poor fool, for it keeps away from seriousness.
I am glad about that.
Thank you, my noble lord.
I thank my lucky stars, I am so happy.
I thank you for that quip, Tranio.
Thank you for that joke.
Thank you for all your efforts.
Thank you, Ariel.
I thank you, Sir John, with all my heart.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
I thank you all.
Thank you.
Thank you for your company, but, really, I would have preferred being alone.
I thank you all for your concern and courtesy.
Thank you for your trouble.
I thank you very much on his behalf.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you for asking.
I will give. Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, brave Cassio.
Thank you and God bless you for your hospitality.
Thank you.
Thanks for telling me.
God be good to you.
I think I have found one already, thanks to you.
No thank you, my lord.
Therefore, I say that he must have used some powerful drug or magic potion on her.
I believe your Honor is thinking of a character called Soto.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he is angry.
I think he must have turned into an animal, because I can't find him anywhere looking like a man.
I think he got his jacket in Italy, his tights in France, his hat in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he has the money.
I think he only loves life because of Bassanio.
I think he is nervous. He is about to become the savage bull who got domesticated.
I think he told me Paris was about to marry Juliet.
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son like an apple.
I believe he will stand strong with us.
I do not think he wants to be anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, my lady.
I think I can find him.
I think I did.
But if
I think I hear them.
I think it was a year ago that I told you how much Margaret, Hero’s servant woman, likes me.
It is, sir.
I think so.
I think so.
Early in the morning I will go visit Desdemona and plead my case.
I believe that Macedon is indeed where Alexander was born.
I do not think it would be wise to let Mark Antony, whom Caesar is so fond of, outlive Caesar.
I think it is my bad eyesight that is making me see this horrible vision.
I think they do.
A little before twelve, I think.
I think you came to see my mother's wedding instead.
I think you are right, sir.
I respect the soul very much, so I disagree with his belief.
I do not think about them now.
I do not think so, my lord.
I think of as many things as he does, but I just thank heaven and do not show off about it.
I do think Scotland is sinking under Macbeth’s oppression.
I think that our father will leave tonight.
I do not think a team of oxen could get them close enough to fight.
I think she will be a better soldier.
I think so.
You are right, Charmian.
I think one of them is nearby and can't get away.
I think you are trustworthy one minute and then not the next.
I think the best sign of intelligence will soon be silence, and talking will only be a good thing for parrots to do.
I do not think he wants to be disturbed.
I think the marriage was made for political reasons rather than for love.
I think all tendencies to jealousy were burned out of him by the sun of his native land.
You would think everyone was asleep.
But things have changed there, and it is easier for them on the road now.
I do not think there is a man under the sun who is worse at hiding his love or hate than Richard.
I think a story like that would win my own daughter over.
I think you are an ass.
No, master, I have been changed in both mind and body.
I think you are.
I am afraid we are intruding too boldly on your sleep time.
I think we know whose fancy handwriting that was.
The English have promised me thousands of troops.
I think you are all either bewildered or stark raving mad.
Apparently you think there is nothing unusual about a bloody head.
From this I conclude that many different elements can work toward one common end. Just as many arrows, shot from different points, converge on a single
I thought it was the right thing to do.
I will kill myself out of grief.
I thought everything out here was wild, which is why I acted so stern and commanding.
I thought the king preferred the Duke of Albany to the Duke of Cornwall.
I thought you were resolved to do this.
I thought your heart had been wounded by a lion’s claws.
Out in the world, I am like a drop of water, trying to find a drop that matches in the whole wide ocean.
I told him that your father was in Venice, and that you expected him to arrive in Padua today.
I told him what I thought.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were totally drunk. They were getting angry at the air for blowing in their faces, and beating the ground for
Yes, I found him when he was asleep, so that is taken care of too. The Athenian woman was sleeping near him.
I did not take any more pains in bringing this message than you did in thanking me.
I did not take any more pains bringing this message than you did in thanking me. That is like saying, “Any thing I do for
I ask too much of you, but you are always willing.
I can tell you are furious, but I do not understand what you are saying.
What’s more, people at the
I do not know what you are talking about.
I do not know what you mean, madam.
I do not know what you are talking about.
By risking the second arrow, I would get both of them back.
I asked you again, and you scratched your head and stamped your foot impatiently.
I want more uncles to welcome me.
Her
I am sure it is to knight you, Captain.
I bet it will.
I think someone is coming from Venice.
I promise I will.
I bet you are a happy fellow who does not care about anything.
I assure you it is, madam.
I will, my lord.
I assure you, sir, the tender love I feel in my heart is stronger than the sexual passions stirring down below.
I promise you, you would find the rituals of war and its solicitudes and its forms and its gravity and its discipline all to be quite counter
Of course I will.
Yes, sir.
I was an idiot to take it.
When I said that I told you the truth.
I was about to swear that I loved you.
Someone adored me once, too.
I have always been straightforward with you, so now I am telling you what I think.
I was born as free as Caesar.
I was born to speak cleverly, not seriously.
I was engaged to both of them.
I had to send it to him.
I was ordered not to.
He struck me from under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until this instant.
I was not born to die on your sword.
Until recently, I was as insignificant to his affairs as the morning dew is to the wide ocean.
She provoked me with her lying mouth, accusing me of crimes I did not commit.
I was sure that you had not given it to me.
I used to be the man in the moon a long time ago.
I guess I was misled.
I was talking to some Venetians down by the shore, and the fool showed up.
I was told that by someone who knows him better than you.
I was too young at the time to appreciate her value, but now I know her.
I was with the heroes Hercules and Cadmus once, when their Spartan hunting dogs cornered a bear.
I was.
I wear it with pride, for I am Welsh, and I am a good countryman.
I would not think much of it even if it were heavier.
I will give it back to you.
I will.
I will ask him for my position back again, and he will tell me I am a drunk.
I will disguise myself as you and pour out my feelings to Hero, taking her prisoner with the force of my love story.
I will bandy you about and overwhelm you with my cleverness.
I will be angry.
I will be bitter toward him, and curt.
I will be brief because I am not going to live long enough to tell a boring story.
I will be obedient and do all my tasks without complaining.
I will not listen to your pleas or excuses.
I will read it to you.
I intend to be flesh and blood, not airy philosophy, for there has never yet been a philosopher who could endure a toothache patiently.
I will get free of you.
I will go, sir, and I will not bother you.
I bet my life on it.
I bet my life some evil busybody, some meddling, lying jerk made up this rumor to get some position.
I am determined to be heard by someone.
I will be back quicker than you can think a thought.
I will be gentle and mild.
I will be more jealous of you than a wild rooster over his hen; more noisy than a parrot chattering about the rain; more
I will be nearby to help you, and between the two of us, we can handle him.
I will be vain and proud, I will read up on politics, I will insult Sir Toby, I will insult my lower-class friends,
I demand to be satisfied.
For her I will be strange and condescending, and I will put on my yellow stockings and crisscross laces right away.
I will fight brutally.
Then we can all be comrades on our way to France.
I will take you to a place where you can speak freely.
I will bite my thumb at them.
I will bite you on the ear for that joke.
I will bring you there.
I will speak a word or two here in the house and then I will go with you.
I will make you sing.
I will challenge him.
I will chop her into pieces.
I will come back.
I will settle this matter.
I will moan very believably. Name the other actors. But I am really in the mood to play a tyrant.
I will confess it to all the world.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will tell them where you come from, though I do not know who you are or what you want.
I will poison you, or beat you with a club, or stab you with a sword.
I will debate this with you later, and then I will teach you to listen more carefully.
I will either get you out, lying if I have to, or stay in prison in your place.
I will not deny you anything.
Even though I am in a distasteful mood, I will work on being happy.
I will reward you for your troubles.
I would be gratified if you would live and eat your food.
I will die. You are of royal blood, and we obey you.
I will die and leave Death everything.
I will play the part wearing either a straw-colored beard, or a sandy beard, or a red beard, or one of those bright yellow
I will pay you.
I will do it right away.
I will not speak to her.
Drowned?
I will do any decent thing, my lord, to help my cousin get a good husband.
I will do anything rather than marry a drunk.
I will do everything she wants me to do.
I will do so.
I will do so.
I will do it, if you help me out.
I will hire you again to go back to Rome.
I will expect you.
I will fall at his feet and lie there until my pleading and crying convinces him to leave.
I will fetch him.
I will get your goats, Audrey.
I will get you a candle and paper and ink.
I will follow after you.
I will follow.
I will say you are not feeling well.
I want to forget what I am.
I will frown at them as they pass by, and they can react however they want.
I will help out, if only because he speaks the same language as me.
I will write out a detailed inventory of my beauty and label every part.
I will give you mine.
I will reward treason with blows, I promise you.
I will call you a minstrel.
I will come with you.
I will go ahead of you, sir.
I will go call the watch.
I will lose myself, wandering up and down throughout the city.
I will go to the Antipodes for any little errand you can think of.
I will go look for him. Cassio, stay around here.
I will go tell the king about this.
I will go with you.
I will have it all.
I want my bond.
I will get my revenge before I leave this house.
I will not have any of this.
I do not want anything but that.
No, you monstrous hags, I will get revenge on you both. I will do such things.
I will listen to Brutus.
I will listen to Cassius, and we will compare their reasons.
I want to hear more about this.
I will watch this play.
I will help you.
I will leave for Verona tonight.
I will be back soon, and if I have not brought you anything to eat, I will give you permission to die.
I will stay here until the storm passes.
I will hide in the arbor.
I am going to make sure I stay on your good side.
I am going to drown myself.
Well, I will not take it any longer.
I will kill you in three hundred and fifty ways.
I will kiss your lips.
I will kiss your hand, and with that I leave you.
When you want to go to sleep, I will be up laughing like a hyena.
I put my trust in you.
I will leave him alone.
I will leave you now to chatter and gossip like an old woman.
I will live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes.
I will look into it further.
I will look for him and secretly help him.
I will lock up the doors, grab some more ducats, and be with you right away.
I am going to tell Desdemona my feelings.
I will try to calm him down if I can.
I will think of some horrible way to phrase the challenge.
I will not be faced or bested.
I will have none of your money.
I do not want her.
I will not be gone long.
I cannot promise that love will not transform me, but I can promise you this: until I truly fall in love, a woman will never make
I will not move to please anybody.
I will not trade my horse for any that walks on four legs.
I will not choose what many men desire, because I will not join the bandwagon and include myself with the whole crude population.
I am not coming.
I do not wish that on you.
I will not betray them.
I will not trouble you so much as to wake you.
I will not do them wrong.
Don’t worry, I will be there.
I will not fail.
I would not have missed this even for a pension of thousands of pounds, to be paid by the shah of Persia.
We will not go today, or any day until it is clear that it will be whatever time I say it is.
I will have nothing to do with you.
I will not listen to you.
I will not keep you very long.
I will not hurt him.
I will not leave him alone until he gives Cassio his job back. How are you, my lord?
I am not going to be bothered by you for long.
I will not rise until your Highness hears me.
I would say the same thing, but I am afraid I would be faced out of my way.
I knew there would be a masquerade when I got that bad omen of a bloody nose last Easter Monday, at six in the morning.
I would be ashamed to give you this.
I will not sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I will not sleep until I have received your letter.
Listen!
I will not stay behind.
I would not want to stay here and make you angry.
I would not stay here tonight for the entire town.
I am not going to eat dinner tonight.
I cannot even be sure these are my hands.
I do not want to take another man’s second-hand goods.
I will not consider it.
I will not until I am ready.
I will not bother you.
I will not trouble you with questions about your situation. Some music, please, and, good friend, sing.
I will not.
I will take a look at your letter.
I will catch up with you, Cleopatra, and weep for your forgiveness.
I will not miss any chance to send my love to you.
I will go on with my speech praising you, and then I will get to the point.
I will ask only Benedick to come with me, for from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
I will get you for that.
I will cure you of your insolence, and I am not going to give you a thousand crowns.
I will do what I can to make you even more comfortable.
I will torment them until they roar with pain.
I will have you hide, and the fool, right where he will find the letter.
I will die like a swan.
I will give you the title to that ship and its treasure.
I will flatter anyone who flatters me. What I have accomplished on land cannot be denied.
I will read you a sermon.
I will go now to find out the date of the wedding.
I will proclaim my name around the field.
No, I will prove it with airtight evidence and logical argument.
I will read it. It looks so unlike Portia!
I will return the favor.
I will let you know my answer shortly.
I will go back inside and ask the lady for some kind of escort.
I will reward you once for your cheerfulness and ten times for your courage.
I will run, devil.
Tell me to run, and I will run.
I will answer for you.
I will not say a word.
I will tell her.
I will see them.
I will find him immediately, sir, and carry out the business as well as I can.
I will look for a way to leave his service.
I will get him to come here, and you can ask him yourself.
I will write down what she says, so I will remember it better.
I will be a harsh master to them.
I will give you such reasons for killing him that you will feel obliged to snuff him out.
I will.
I will speak as sharp as a dagger to her, but I will not use one on her.
Think about it.
How literal this guy is.
I will stand, and so will Trinculo.
I will stop your mouth with a kiss.
I will look over the inscriptions again.
Let’s discuss it some more.
I will tell you everything exactly as it happened.
Or at least I can describe the rumors.
I will tell you.
I will take the banner from a trumpeter and use that.
Then I will give it to you.
Tonight I will throw through his window a few letters in different handwriting, all testifying to the great respect Romans have for Brutus, and alluding
Leave now.
I am off to Venice.
Tomorrow, while it is still early, I will go see the witches.
I am off to Venice to buy outfits for the wedding.
I will say as much to his face.
I will wait over here.
I will walk up and down and sing a song so they will know I am not afraid.
I will stand guard with you tonight.
I will not exhaust you anymore with idle chitchat.
I will cry at nothing, and I will always do it when you are in a good mood.
This treachery of yours is like the second.
I am going to cry.
I am going inside to think up some way to kill that beautiful devil.
I will.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will do as fast as I can.
I will.
Excuse me.
Yes, sir.
I will, my lord.
I will stay, my lord.
Yes, sir.
I do.
I will.
Certainly, your grandmother had a worse match.
Right over to that. I hope he enjoys her.
I wish I were something better, because right now I am a big fool.
I wish I could sleep too, it would stop me from thinking.
I hope you are pleased with the snake.
I wish you well.
I wish you well.
I wish you would be patient.
I often wander around in the woods until the sun rises in the fiery red sky over the ocean, turning the salty green water to gold.
I cannot believe it.
How can I marry him, this husband, before he comes to court me?
I wonder if the lion is going to talk.
I wonder that none of you thought about getting his support.
I do not understand why they are all here together.
I am amazed you are still talking, Signior Benedick.
I wonder what it means.
I know where he is.
I want to be friends with you, and forget all the times you have embarrassed and humiliated me.
I would hate to waste my speech on the wrong person. It is very well written and I spent a lot of time and energy memorizing it
I would hate to see you drowned in honey, sir.
I think I saw you there, you wise man.
I want this to provoke confrontations, so I can give him a piece of my mind.
I could cure you if you just called me Rosalind and came by my cottage every day to woo me.
I would do anything to bring them back together, since I really care for Cassio.
I would rip his heart out in public and eat it.
I would rather see you having fun, because we have friends coming who want to have fun.
I will be thrilled.
I want to learn how to lie.
I would like to prove to you that I am.
I would be glad to forget about it, but it weighs on my memory like sins linger in guilty minds.
I would give all my glory for a mug of ale and safety.
I just want everything to be all right between you.
I could have blown up the town in an hour.
I would have thrown away all other considerations and made her my wife.
I want you there and back again before I can tell you what you should do.
I wanted to teach her how perfectly I love her, kinsman, and that is good English.
I wish I could keep killing him for nine years straight.
I had come to the deepest part of my tale, and I planned to say nothing more on the topic.
I would choose to take my penalty.
I only want idiots following my advice, the advice of a fool.
I would whip a man for making a tyrant sound too tyrannical.
I would have sworn that, too, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I would have thought she was invincible against any assault of love.
I want you.
I could have sworn he trampled on me.
I wish you could tell him I saved his brother.
I wish I could see this invisible drummer.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I were as big and strong as you.
I wish we had a signed legal contract.
I wish I knew what was in your heart.
I wish I could be as certain of a good dinner.
I want to go home.
You should mock me. I wish I were invisible, so I could grab that strong fellow by the leg.
I wish I were senseless, sir, so that I would not feel your punches.
I wish I was your bird.
I wish I were, so I could deprive you of both day and life.
I prefer to call it a “hanger.”
I hope that is all he loses.
I would kiss you before I spoke.
I would like to know.
I would give it all up—yes, I would sacrifice them all to save you.
I wish my daughter were dead at my feet wearing those jewels.
I wish my father could see them with my eyes.
I wish my horse moved as fast as your mouth and was as tireless.
I do not want to be cured.
I do not want to go mad.
I would not be the villain you think I am if I were offered all of Macbeth’s kingdom and the riches of the East
Come, shall we hunt some deer for dinner?
I would not change it except to make you think of me, my darling queen.
I will not say no to you, but let it be known that I am only doing this after a lot of persuasion and to save your life
If you do not like him, you should quit.
I would not insult him in my own house for all the wealth in this town.
I would give anything to keep them from seeing you here.
I would not have given it away for a whole jungle of monkeys.
I would give half my dowry to keep anything bad from happening to him.
I would not want a heart like hers even if you made me queen.
I would not allow your enemies to say that, and I will not believe it from you.
I do not want to kill you before you have readied your soul.
I would not marry her, even if she were as blessed as paradise.
I would not.
I would not even pee without dancing a waltz.
I would have my own brother arrested if he treated me so terribly.
I would rather get a husband from your father.
Even if I had sworn never to marry, I would not trust myself to keep that promise if Hero would marry me.
I wish she were in love with me instead.
I wish she were in heaven so she could appeal to some power to make this dog Jew change his mind.
I would like to sing my song solo.
I want to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
I wish the fool were dead and married to her grave.
I wish the lightning had burned up all those logs that you have been ordered to stack.
That is why I wish my sister did not have a name.
I wish there was less dew on the ground.
I wish they were, so that I could die right now, because, at this point, I live a living death.
I wish they would fight in fire or in the air.
I wish you could just stammer this man out of your mouth like wine out of a narrow-necked bottle.
I wish you could.
I wish you were someone else’s son.
I wish you had my bones, and I had your news.
I wish you had told me you had a different father.
I hope you are lucky enough to hear the true story by sticking around.
If only all struggles ended this well.
I would try it, if I could cry "hem" and have him.
I wish this trick would be over.
I wish you were what I wanted you to be.
I wish your loyalty were as foolish.
Your highness will have to force me to tell.
I sent you a letter while you were carousing in Alexandria.
I am sending you to England on diplomatic business, and Hamlet will accompany you.
I am your servant.
I can't do everything I want to, but I will help you as well as I can.
Your mother sends her blessings.
I knew the tailor who made the disguise she wore when she ran off.
I did, kind lady.
Me, ma'am?
I can't remember how I cried then, but I will cry all over again.
I am Dromio.
Me, sir?
As I neglected practical matters, being totally dedicated to solitude, and to improving my mind with subjects more valuable than most people imagine, I was so
I did.
Really, cousin, it is him.
He is going after a young widow.
Believe me, I am sorry you are in pain.
Yes, we are.
Yes, yes, and let’s sing in unison, like two gypsies riding on a single horse.
Me too.
Don’t worry, I could not care less.
From the earth, or the air?
Whoosh!
In the mud.
I want you to live, since to me, death is happiness.
I will vouch for that.
I will walk around and force the commoners off the streets.
I will go and make sure that happens.
I will take responsibility for that.
I will arrest him.
I will ask them.
What he just said to me is alright.
I will wait for her here and when she comes I will take a novel approach with her.
I will go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him so.
Time to buy myself a mirror and employ a few dozen tailors to dress me up in the current fashions.
I will be right next to you.
I will meet you there.
I have to go.
If you are Launcelot, then you are my own flesh and blood.
I will back you up.
I will be there early.
I will be with you right away.
I am going to make you look sharp.
I will hold on to your money and leave you for an hour.
Officer, I will take the responsibility from you, and the blame too.
I will beat him until the welts look like basket-weave.
I will speak to him now.
I promise I will carry the wood faster.
I will let you know right away how it is going.
I will go with you, my lord, if you will allow me.
I will bring you to him right away.
I will bring you to him.
They are amazing.
I will bury you in a magnificent grave.
I will get Sir Toby.
I will call you "Hamlet Senior,” "King,” “Father,” and “royal Dane.
I will stop by before you go to bed, and tell you what I have heard.
I will call for you soon.
I will take it over to the pile.
I will catch it before it falls to the ground.
I look forward to that present.
I will go to him.
I will come see you right away.
Do I keep myself?
I will be nice to him.
I will meet it if it is the last thing I do.
I will not pretend to be the devil’s porter anymore.
I will bet my life you gave some woman the ring.
I will do it, but I do not like it.
I will do it, sir.
I will do all that.
I will do my best to make this lady love you.
I will do everything a younger man could do for you.
I will drain the life out of him.
I will do most of the drinking for you.
I will drink to her as long as there is a hole in my throat and booze in Illyria.
I will finish my lecture after dinner.
I will try talking to him again.
I will go get my sister and see what she thinks.
I will get some cloth and egg whites to bandage his bleeding face.
I will get the general’s surgeon.
I will go get them, sir.
I will fight at sea.
I will fight until they hack the flesh off my bones.
I will find your servant, and he will update you now and then on your case.
I will find Romeo to comfort you.
I will fish for you and get you plenty of firewood.
I will not follow him around with useless pleas anymore.
I will follow it.
I will follow you and turn this hell I am in into a kind of heaven.
I will follow the priest and go with you; and after I have sworn to be faithful, I will be faithful forever.
I will follow you.
I will give you frets!” With that, she clobbers me with the lute so that my head goes right through.
I will move to a more open place and speak to great Caesar as he walks past.
I will give it to him.
I wrote a verse to this tune, though it is not very imaginative.
I will go alone.
I will go with you.
I will go and chat with Paris.
I will get back at him another way.
I will go put my armor on.
I need to get away from you.
I am going to find some shade and sigh until he returns.
I will come soon.
Thank you.
I will limp after you.
I will sue him for assault and battery, if there is any justice in Illyria.
I need better evidence than the ghost to work with.
I will get her, but I will not keep her long.
I want my bond, so stop talking.
I want my bond.
I will not have one any larger.
I will have no halves.
I am not talking with you.
I will take no lesser name than that of Something that refers to my current state.
I need proof.
I will copy the embroidery pattern and then give it to Iago.
I will have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I will have my head cut from my shoulders before I will see the crown so misplaced.
I will make this wedding happen tomorrow morning.
I will find you another horse.
I will help you, Sir Toby.
I would not change my mind even if she were.
I will write how, under his flag and with his well-paid troops, we have defeated the formerly unvanquished Parthia.
I will go and coach them.
I plan to fall into the blackest despair.
I will keep my oath and patiently suffer through my anger.
I will humor him when he learns how to behave.
I am going to find out what you are thinking.
I would bet fourteen of my own teeth, but, I am sorry to say, I only have four teeth. She is not fourteen.
I will leave you without revealing any emotion, like a man of steel.
I will leave you, lady.
I will go my own way.
I will look at him and try to like him, at least if what I see is likable.
I will make ground beef out of you.
Take this.
I will make her come right away, I promise you.
I will make Oliver find him.
I will come too.
I will wake him, because that is my job.
I will give it a try.
I will make you an example for the others to learn from.
Next time I will give you nothing for something.
I will teach you a lesson.
I am watching the play.
I will meet you there in an hour.
I will straighten it, then play. Where is the Queen?
If our criminal master gets off free, I will not care what happens to me anymore.
I will never see it.
I do not want to have anything to do with you anymore.
I do not want to play now.
I will not take it.
I will not take it back.
I will not answer that question.
I will be nearby.
I will not break this promise.
I will not be taken for a fool who sighs and gives in to Christian meddlers.
I will not be hit, my lord.
I do not believe it.
I am not moving an inch, pal.
I will not deny him anything of mine, including my own body and my husband’s bed.
I will not take it.
I will not stand for it.
I will not argue with her, so her beautiful body will not disarm me.
As long as I am alive, I will be here.
I will not fight you.
I will not allow it.
I will not mess with him.
I will not bother with it.
I am not going to bed tonight.
I do not trust you.
Then I will pay you for doing what you like.
I will fix you, I swear.
I will hound him.
I will pretend to be the housewife for once.
I will pick berries for you.
I will prove that I am an honest man and a man of honor if you dare defend yourself.
I will pull on these smaller legs.
I will test it out.
I could go around the world in forty minutes.
I will put it on anyway.
I will put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt.
I would rather go without the money.
I would rather kill myself.
I will read it aloud.
I will rest now.
I could rhyme like that for eight years in a row, excepting meal times and sleeping hours.
By the way, I am going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
He is just as terrified of Sir Andrew.
I will run away from you and hide in the bushes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
I will agree to those terms and even say that Jews are nice.
I will get it done right away.
Go away!
She has the patience of a saint. I will see you hanged on Sunday.
I am going to sell all my land.
I will send my prayers with him.
I will send a man to Mantua, where that exiled rogue is living.
I want to be this Duke’s servant.
I can get you five hundred ropes for that price.
I want to measure the extent of your love, to see how far it stretches.
I will put her on that.
I will show you where to get fresh water.
I will tell him right away, my lord.
No, I will slit the nose of the villain who would have sent me to jail.
I will recite a prophecy before I go.
All right, I will stay another month.
I am not staying here to argue anymore.
When I strike, I will cry, “All or nothing!” Well put.
I will leave you now.
I will talk with this man.
I am not going to waste any more time with you.
I will show you how.
I will tear her to pieces.
I will tell my husband what you have said.
I will tell him the news.
I will tell you before you have to ask me again.
Beatrice praised your wit the other day.
I will talk to you more about this some other time.
I will tell you what, Prince: a whole university full of wisecrackers couldn't change my mood today.
I am telling you, Aliena, I cannot stand being apart from Orlando.
I tell you, Charles, he is the stubbornest young fellow in France: overly ambitious, jealous of other people’s good qualities,
Let me tell you, my friend, I am almost insane myself.
I will tell you privately.
I can tell you who time walks for, who it trots for, who it gallops for, and who it stops cold for.
I tell you, there are good men born at Monmouth.
I will not give or risk anything for lead.
I will go to lunch.
I am going to England.
I will go to him.
Now it is time to get back to my studying, since I have a lot of serious business to take care of before dinner.
I will go and join my men.
You are right.
I am going to the Friar to find out his solution.
I will go wait for Dromio at the marketplace.
I am going back into battle.
I will torture him.
I will scalp you.
I would bet twenty times as much on my wife.
I will follow you, my lord.
Yes, I guarantee he will not drown even if this ship were as fragile as an eggshell and as leaky as a menstruating woman.
I bet she will chew him out.
I will wear this one and none other.
I will write to my sister and tell her my plans.
I will write a letter challenging him to a duel on your behalf.
I will write him a taunting letter, and you can deliver it.
I will take you to where he sleeps, and you can pound a nail into his head.
I am out of patience.
Iago is gesturing for me to come closer.
Iago is a good man.
Iago has kept his word.
Iago, who started it?
Is that you, Iago?
Iago.
That useless old man still thinks he can wield all the powers he has been given away.
If only that were all it is.
If it wasn’t her, I do not know.
If a bloody head counts as a hurt, then you hurt me.
I am sure some Christian will resort to trickery to get you.
If a Jew offends a Christian, what is the Christian’s kind and gentle reaction?
In this day and age, if a man does not erect his own monument before he dies, he will not be remembered.
If a man's brain were in his feet, wouldn’t it be susceptible to frostbite?
If everything else fails, at least I have the power to take my own life.
I do not care if all the devils in hell are together to possess him. I still want to speak to him.
If it takes all the wine in my bottle, I will cure him.
If a ship is leaving, come to the marketplace.
If any legs here are Trinculo’s, these are.
If anyone doubts this, let him put me on trial.
If any ships are sailing, I will get right on one.
If there is, then please help him.
If there are any, speak, for it is he whom I have offended.
If there are any, speak, for it is he whom I have offended.
If I disguise my voice as well as my appearance, then I will be able to carry out my plan perfectly.
Dear father, if you caused this terrible storm with your magic powers, please put an end to it.
Never mind them, if Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have forgiven him.
If Caesar chose, Antony would jump at the chance to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, you would be well punished for your audacity.
If the future turns out as I hope it will, I am all set for success.
If you are going to die, be quick about it so you can catch the king’s departing soul or follow him, like obedient subjects
If you were ever yourself, and this sadness was yours, you and your sadness were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fast, he would be worth a dozen like Belman.
If either of you knows any secret reason why you two should not be joined in marriage, I order you on your souls to say so.
If he can manage to walk after our fight, I will never wrestle for money again.
If he ever has a wife, let her be miserable when he dies than I am now.
If I ever see it, I will challenge you.
If I ever return, I will bring you good news.
If you come to me after tomorrow and say, “That is my glove,” I swear by this hand, I will take it
I know you well.
If every time you wished for a child you could have had one, you would have a million children.
If everyone here knows us but we do not know anybody, it is time for us to pack our bags and take off.
If luck deserts us today, it is because we defy it.
If I come back from the battlefield again to kiss those lips, I will be covered in blood.
If God will be revenged for this deed, he will do it publicly.
If the news is good, you are ruining the sweet news by playing a trick with a sour face.
If Hamlet makes the first or second hit, or gets back at Laertes by making the third hit, then let my soldiers salute him
If you have been ordered back to Venice because of my father, do not blame me.
If he asks to see me, tell him I am sick and went to bed.
If he wakes up before we kill him, he will never stop punishing us.
If he is not around, bring his brother Oliver to me.
If he is resistant and chilly, then break off the conversation.
If he is not in love with a woman, then you cannot trust the usual symptoms.
If he backs down, he will become as notorious a villain and as saucy a Jack as ever walked on God’s earth.
If he looks serious, he must need money.
If he is reluctant, I can convince him.
If he is caught, he will never make trouble for anyone again.
If he is, that is his problem.
If he breaks the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling.
If he cannot, let the tailor mend him.
If he does not show up, the play is ruined.
If he shows up tomorrow, I will give him what is coming to him.
If it is fighting he is after, some of us should run and hide.
If he does not like it, he can go live with my sister.
If Duncan bleeds, I will paint the servants' faces with his blood.
If he becomes pale, I know what to do.
If he fears God, he must necessarily keep the peace.
If he struggles, use force.
If that is true, he will not get it back by crying.
If he fails at that, he will find other ways to kill you.
If he has been spending his leisure time in lustful pursuits, then he will be punished with venereal diseases.
If he has caught the Benedick, he will lose all his money before he is cured.
If he has never drunk it before, it will help soothe his fever.
If he is as good as a saint but is black like a devil, I would rather he hear my confession than marry me.
If he loves Caesar, then he cannot hurt himself by grieving and dying for Caesar.
I am in so much trouble with my niece that it would not be safe to let this prank go to its conclusion.
If he will grant me conquered Egypt, so that I may give it to my son, I will kneel to him with thanks.
If he said that, then I hope his malicious soul rots in hell forever.
If he were alive, what would happen to me?
If he were dead, you would be weeping for him.
If he will not stop when he is told to, then he is not one of the Prince’s subjects.
If he agrees, great.
If that man, who is made up of conflicts, becomes musical, then there must be something wrong with the universe.
If her breath were as terrible as her words, she would kill every living thing from here to the furthest star.
If his cause is wrong, our obedience to the king clears us of responsibility.
Otherwise, I will do it anytime, as long as I can.
If I am a wasp, look out for my stinger.
If there is any way I can spoil his life, I will be overjoyed.
If I can get him to drink one more glass after what he’s drunk already, he will be as argumentative and eager to fight
If I can cure him from his fever and tame him, and get him back to Naples, he would make a great present for any emperor.
If I can tame him, I will charge as much as I can for him.
If I could make things better by lying, I would deny it.
If I could say hello to the fifth one as happily as I would say goodbye to the first four, I would be very happy.
If only I could relate them to me.
If I could beg others to change their minds, begging would convince me, too.
If I could win a woman by playing leapfrog or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back—though you may accuse me of
If I cut my finger, I will use you as a bandage to stop the bleeding.
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I will give it to your daughter to make up for it.
If I die before you do, make sure I am wrapped in those sheets in my coffin.
If he is in a good mood I will mention you again, and do everything I can.
If I live through this, I will be good to you.
If I do not love her, I am completely alone.
I will carry prayer books in my pocket and look sweet.
I am, unless I somehow stole this role.
If it turns out that she is running around on me, I will send her away, even though it will break my heart.
If I do so, it will mean more if I say it behind your back than if I say it to your face.
If I am not dreaming, you are Emilia.
If I find an opportunity, I will give him a piece of my mind.
If I gave them all I own, I would have two fool’s caps for myself.
If I could shoot lightning bolts from my eyes, I can tell you who would be on the ground.
If I could get my hands on you, I would make you care.
If I had seen something like that, I would have quickly pulled out my weapon.
If I have killed your children, I will have children with your daughter.
Let everyone beware: I can shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever I choose.
Look at you!
If I let him go, I will have to pay his bail fees myself.
If I live to see it, I will never trust his word again.
If I miss this, let me be boiled alive.
If I can trust my dreams, then some joyful news is coming soon.
If it is me, there is no time as good as this hour of Caesar’s death, and no weapon better than your swords.
If I owe you anything, I will pay you in clubbings.
If I extinguish the candle, I can light it again if I regret it.
To tell you the truth, they fought the new enemy with twice as much force as before; they were like cannons loaded with double ammunition.
If I see anything tonight that convinces me not to marry her, I will shame her in the very congregation where I would have married her.
If I were king?
I would tell them that I saw natives like these—since they must be natives—who are graceful and well-mannered even if they are
If I said something, she would mock me so mercilessly that I would probably disintegrate into air.
If I decide to get angry at you, just watch out. You would be done for then, monster.
If I am telling the truth like a fool in saying all this, whip the first person who thinks I sound foolish.
If I am lying, then I am lying.
As sure as I am standing here, I saw him.
If that is true, I think the same thing about you.
If I were to make a prediction regarding this union, I would not say that.
If I were Brutus now and Brutus were me, I would not have let him influence me.
If I told them about this back in Naples, would they believe me?
If you are so wise that you cannot help, please be kind enough to call my solution wise.
If it looks like my father, I will speak to it, even if Hell itself opens up and tells me to be quiet.
If he has received a message from the count, tell him I am sick, or not home.
If it turns out he wasn't, certain people are going to get it.
If what you feel is love, tell me how much.
If it is work for a man, I will do it.
If it is for me, do not keep it from me.
If you do not need it for some important reason, then give it back to me.
What is important is to be prepared.
If things are the way people tell me they are, and they are only telling me this to warn me, then I have to say, you
If that is true, which it is, she might as well be in love with a dream.
If that is true, it makes up for all the sorrows I have ever known.
If it is the same one, or if it is the same one, or any one that belongs to her, then the evidence is strong.
If this is a dream, let me keep on sleeping.
If it is true that you do not need.
If you are the ones setting my daughters against me, do not let me be foolish enough to take it lying down.
If it is, I suggest you do not eat it.
If the job had been painful, I would not have come.
If it is okay with you, you should not press your grievances any further, but realize that the current situation should be enough to reconcile you.
If it does pass, the Church will lose more than half of what it possesses.
It is my exercise time.
As the sonnet says, “If you please one special person, you please everyone who matters.” Why?
If you wish.
If he can keep it, he will be set forever.
If you could please stop fooling around, I will tell you what your mother wants.
If this business would really be finished when I did the deed, then it would be best to get it over with quickly.
If I died right now I would be completely happy, since I will probably never be as happy as this again in my life.
If that is true, it is a serious fault, and Caesar has paid seriously for it.
If you will not leave, then you will not leave.
If not, what can you do about it?
If it pleases Caesar to be so good to himself, I will try to get him to do what is good for him.
If they let you off, then we will have to assume that Lady Justice has lost all her power.
If knives, poison, or snakes have edge, effect, or venom, I am safe from that fate.
If love is blind, it can't hit the target.
If love plays rough with you, play rough with yourself. Come on, let’s knock and go in.
If love has touched you, love has touched you.
If you see anything else, let me know.
If I am more noble than you, you have done me wrong.
If you pay too much attention to him you will make him angry, and that will make his convulsions go on longer.
If my heart is dear to you, do not swear.
Lady Olivia told her servant Malvolio to kick you out of the house.
If I do not answer, perhaps you will think I am accepting the heavy responsibility you foolishly want to impose on me.
If not, it is true, this parting was well done.
If not, goodbye.
If you can't, and would prefer to leave, she is very willing to say goodbye to you.
If not, I will challenge you to a duel.
If they do not find charity there, they find it somewhere else.
If you interrupt, he will foam at the mouth and go crazy.
If not, he has truth on his side.
Otherwise, I will die a virgin, devoted to you.
If not, leave me alone, and I will stay away from your turf.
If not, the Fates are on the side of the traitors.
If not, to tell you I will die is true, but not for love, by God.
If not, come when you have the courage.
If not, then this parting was well done.
If not, I will leave you alone and that will be the end of my business.
Would you rather hear a love song or a song about the good life?
It is much better to be destroyed by a noble enemy than by a cruel and heartless one.
If you dressed only to stay warm, you would not need these gorgeous clothes you are wearing.
If our eyes were policemen, they might capture two thieves at once while we are embracing.
If our father continues to use his authority as usual, then his recent abdication will just hurt us.
If our father were dead you would receive half of his revenue forever, and you would have my undying love,
If we had been able to put on our play, we would have had it made.
I can get the better of religion and a few flimsy vows between a misguided barbarian and a depraved Venetian girl.
If she and I are happy, what is it to you?
If she is a traitor, then so is I.
Even if she is ugly, she will be smart enough to find a man to sleep with.
If she has cheated on me, then heaven itself is a fake.
If she is, you can sue me for lying to you.
If she admits she wanted this, then I will not blame Othello.
If she sends any letters to Richmond, you will be accountable to me for it.
If she refuses my proposal, I will tell her how much I am looking forward to the announcement and the wedding.
If she orders me to go, I will thank her warmly as if she had just offered to put me up for a week.
When she does, he will imagine she is flirting with him.
If she can’t find out what his secret is, then send him off to England or wherever you think best.
If she were moral, she would never have fallen in love with the Moor in the first place.
If she lives a long and happy life, then all women may as well turn into monsters.
Even if she lives till the end of the world, she would keep burning an additional week.
If she offers him her love, it is very possible that he will scorn it, since he tends to be contemptuous.
If she welcomes him and his hundred knights after I have shown how inappropriately he has behaved.
If she returns my jewels, I will stop pursuing her and apologize to her.
If she feels like coming over here, I will give her your message.
If my eyes aren't deceiving me, goodbye, love.
Even if he is her father, I am sure she would not want to have the head of the old man on her shoulders.
You would be the funniest person in Illyria if Sir Toby ever stopped drinking.
If this is so, be patient, sister.
If that is the case, tears wash my eyes more than hers.
If that is true, then do not be tongue-tied.
If someone like me is fit to be king, let me know.
If grief does not kill me, I will find a quicker way to kill myself.
If the other two are as loopy as we are, our country is in bad shape.
If that is all, gentlemen, I see no problem.
If that means I do not care about anything, you should disappear right now, since you are nothing.
If her breath steams up the glass, then she is alive.
If we can do that, everything will be all right.
The demon who seduced you could stride the world over with the proud gait of a lion, could return to hell, and tell the devil
If the Turkish fleet is not protected in some harbor, their men must all be drowned.
If this logic works, that is great.
If you are a devil, I will not be able to kill you.
If that is not enough, I will sign a contract to pay ten times that much.
If you truly are Sir Rowland’s son, as you have just whispered to me, and I can see the likeness in your face
If we did not have rational minds to counterbalance our emotions and desires, our bodily urges would take over.
A cat in heat will look for a mate, and Rosalind certainly will.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating idiot, does that mean that we should also be an ass and a fool and
If the English had any sense, they would run away.
If God had been willing, I wish we had died in the same hour.
If the devil had such a beautiful house as his body, then good things would fight to live in it.
If this letter is right, you have a lot to deal with.
If he had written nice things, I would swear yes right away.
If he is too insistent, tell him that romance is like a dance: it has its own rhythm and timing.
If they could purge their guilt simply by saying that they were innocent, they would all be as innocent as God Himself.
If, then, that friend demands to know why I rose up against Caesar, this is my answer: it is not that I loved Caesar less
If they are negligent, we could control them.
If true lovers are always thwarted, then it must be a rule of fate.
If there is any good deed I can do that will bring you peace and me honor, speak to me.
If there is any reason we should not get married, I urge you to tell me.
If there is anyone in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar, I say to him that my love for Caesar was no less than his.
If there is anything more sorrowful to add, keep it to yourself.
If my eyes do not deceive me, you are my daughter.
If my eyes do not deceive me, you are my Rosalind.
If the witches tell the truth—which they did about you—maybe what they said about me will come true.
If Fulvia were the last woman on earth, there would be a reason to grieve.
If they refuse to come, get physical. Use a whip if you have to, but get them out here to their husbands.
If they see you, they will murder you.
If they do this, as they will, God willing, my ransom will soon be raised.
If they have done this thing, my noble lord, if they have?
If even then they do not answer to your satisfaction, you can say that they are not the men you thought they were.
If they have spoken the truth about Hero, I will tear her apart with my bare hands.
If we leave, it will feel like nothing less than death to them.
If they seek battle with us, have them come down or else clear the field.
If they will do neither, we will come to them and make them fly like stones shot from powerful slings.
If our secret is known, either Caesar or I will die.
If this is not what you have been hoping for, I have no more to say except that you ought to say goodbye to Bianca forever.
Since you know all this is true, why do you blame me for loving you?
Why do you blame me for loving you?
If this letter falls into your hands, think carefully about what it says.
If this letter does not make him fight, I do not know what will.
If this dream vision is typical of what this island conjures up, then I will lose my son twice.
If I can find any animal in this wild forest, I will either be food for it or bring it as food for you.
If this were a play, I would complain it was unrealistic.
If that were true, then I would know your secret.
If this young gentleman has offended you, I will take the blame for it.
If you regard it as shameful, put the shame on me.
If you can leave your body so easily, then the touch of death is like a lover’s pinch, which hurts but is desired.
If it is really you, tell me what happened to our son, who floated away with you on that deadly raft.
You will have to woo Bianca like the rest.
If you are as poor a subject as he is a king, you are poor.
If you are not immortal, watch those around you.
If you are Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If you are Trinculo, then come out.
If you can love a man of this temperament, Kate, whose face a sunburn would not make any worse and who never looks in the mirror
If you can love me for this, take me.
If you think about it correctly, Caesar has suffered a great wrong.
If you insist on trying my patience any further, then take out your sword right now.
If you enjoy looking at your awful deeds, take a look at this noteworthy example of your butcheries.
If you ever loved me, please postpone the sweet relief of death for awhile, and stay in this harsh world long enough to tell my story.
If you ever loved your poor dear father, Oh God!
If you cut both their throats, then you are the absolute best.
If he seems game to our plan, encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons.
If you do that, I will never respect you again.
Look, if you really love the beautiful Hero, enjoy it.
If you are my friend, tell me what you are thinking.
With his natural luck, he will beat you even against the odds.
Trust me, you could slide all the way from my shoulder to my heel taking no more than the distance between my head and my neck.
If you love me, let me know by smiling at me.
If you work for him, you are a fool and should wear a fool's cap.
If you had not been afraid to break an oath with him, the crown you are currently wearing would have graced the head of my child.
If you have a voice or can make sounds, speak to me.
I know I will too, if it is the last thing I do.
If you are human, do not stand for it.
If you killed Lysander while he was sleeping, then you are already up to your ankles in blood.
Take on someone your own size. If you kill me, boy, you will have killed a man.
If you complain any more, I will split an oak tree and lock you up in it until you have howled for twelve years.
If not, you can kill me.
If you read this, Caesar, you might live.
If you can’t remember the stupidest little thing love made you do, you have not loved.
If you remember your life before you came here, you may also remember how you got here.
If you say that, you bastard, you will kill your Queen.
If that is what you say, go fight a duel with me and prove it.
If you are lying, I will hang you alive from the nearest tree until you die of hunger.
If you take more or less than exactly a pound, even if it is just the tiniest fraction of an ounce, you will die.
If you are not having sex with Desdemona tonight, then I suggest you find some way to stab me in the back and kill me.
If you were my fool, uncle, I would have you beaten for getting old before your time.
If you are going to lend us this money, do not lend it to us as if we were your friends.
If you want to go to hell, there are better ways to do it than killing yourself.
If you want to cry over my bad luck, I will give you my eyes.
If you would have such a man, take me.
If you leave like that, you tell the world that it is not worthy of a good-bye.
If your highness is willing, take revenge on him for that. Because I know you are brave enough, I do not dare to.
If your vengeful heart can’t forgive me, then take my sword and bury it in my heart so that my soul, which
If what you say is true, you can do the same to me.
Get rid of half your knights and go back to spend the rest of your month with my sister.
If my doing what you told me to makes you happy, then be happy because I did it.
If I tremble, you can call me a little girl.
If we are like you in everything else, we will resemble you in that respect.
If we are slated to die, the fewer men, the better for our country. If we are slated to live, the fewer men, the
If we are not relieved in an hour, we have to return to our barracks.
If we lose this battle, this is the last time we will speak to each other.
If we meet again, then we will smile indeed.
If we meet again, then we will smile.
If we are all pork-eaters, we will not be able to get our hands on a slice of bacon, even if we have the
If we know that a man is a thief, should we try to arrest him?
If we offend you, it is because we want to.
If we walk on the well-worn paths, they won't get caught in our petticoats.
If we cannot defend our country with three times the power left at home, then we deserve to be harassed by an invader.
If he is not what he might be, then I wish to God he were.
If I know my own thoughts and desires, and I am not dreaming or crazy—which I am sure I am not—then I am not
If it is possible to do this without putting yourself in danger, please say goodnight to him from me and give him this important note.
If wolves had been howling outside your gate at the heart of that storm, you would have told your doorman to let them in.
If you still feel so affectionate toward her, then why not give her permission to cheat on you?
Be good enough to hear me out.
If you are insane, then get out of here.
If you like, you can rest a while in my room.
If you are happy with what you have won, and accept this prize as your blissful destiny, then turn to where your lady is, and
If you are calling me Jephthah, my lord, I do have a daughter whom I love more than anything.
If you can shape up, you are welcome to stay in the house.
Tell me why, if you can.
If you can’t do it, be grateful you have lived this long and go wait to die in your cabin.
If you choose the one that contains my picture, we will be married right away.
If you choose that one, I am yours, along with the picture.
If you are not as attentive in serving him as you used to be, that will be good.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse to allow me to do so, your city’s charter and its freedom are endangered.
If you refuse me, the laws of Venice have no validity.
If you refuse it, the whole country will regret it.
Listen, if you want a good laugh, and I mean a side-splitting one, then follow me.
I am willing to fight you if I must.
If you married my sister for her wealth, then treat her with more kindness.
When you fight against your country's enemies, you will be paid for your efforts with your country’s wealth.
If you fight to protect your wives, your wives will welcome you home as conquerors.
When you free your children from the sword, your grandchildren will repay you in your old age.
If you really love me, you will find me.
If you love Rosalind as much as you say you do, you will marry her when your brother marries Aliena.
If you happen to see Horatio and Marcellus, who are supposed to stand guard with me tonight, tell them to hurry.
If you do not, if I am left alone, I swear I will have that legal expert as my bedfellow.
Then both my grief and your sorrow will be cured.
If you go outside, arm yourself.
If you struggle to bring down a tyrant, you will sleep peacefully when the tyrant is killed.
If you continue on the way you have been going, you will kill yourself.
If you get nasty with me, Pistol, I will stab you with my sword, in fair play.
If you had known how much that ring meant, how much the woman who gave it to you is worth, or how much your honor depended on
If you have any music that cannot be heard, then play that.
If you had any sense of pity, or manners, you would not pretend to fight over me like this.
You may have lost his respect, but so have I.
If you have poison for me, I will drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew the reason, you would understand and would urge me to go rather than stay.
If you like what you see of the land, the profit that is possible, and this rustic life, I will be your faithful servant.
If you still love her after that, then marry her tomorrow.
If you look closely at Alexander’s life, Harry of Monmouth’s stands up fairly well by comparison.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can order him to stop.
If you have offended him, I will fight you.
On my honor and by my word, if you do not stay the ten days, you will die.
If you forgive us, we will make everything all right.
If you poison us, don’t we die?
If you prick us with a pin, don’t we bleed?
If you mutiny against me, I will hang you from the next tree.
If you took a good look at yourself, or if you thought about this more carefully, your fear would teach you to act more cautiously.
If you really feel that way, then I hope you will not kill me.
If you stick with me, when the time comes, there will be something in it for you.
If you send them word that you will not come, they might change their minds.
Otherwise, forgive me, but if you should die before him, what becomes of her dowry?
I am serious, my lord.
If things go well, bring the crowd to  I am off.
If you tickle us, don’t we laugh?
If she punishes you, master, she will punish me.
Now that I think about the danger of these knights, please bring no more than twenty-five of them with you.
If you tell your lady I am here to speak with her, and bring her out with you when you return, you might make me more generous
If you do intend to live, then mourn.
Please let me be your servant so I can be with you.
If you do not want to, then good riddance.
If you behave yourself and join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations, then you can come with us.
If you want to watch, follow me.
If you will not take a simple man’s advice, do not be here when it arrives.
When you see him walking by here (as I will make sure he does between twelve and one) you can nab him.
For love to appear in his true likeness, he would have to be naked and blind.
If you want to see your deceiver, then look at me.
If you are not weeping, it is a good sign that I will soon have a new father.
If you would take the time to study the tactics of Pompey the Great, I can tell you that you would find no tittle-t
If you want to come have dinner with me, you can.
If you want to pick a fight, you will have to find a more substantial excuse.
If you sit down, I will carry your logs for a while.
If you do not mind, I would like to speak with you.
If your affection for me does not convince you to come, do not let my letter do so.
If your Majesties recall it, the Welsh fought very valiantly in a garden where there were leeks growing, wearing leeks in their
If your master wants a queen to beg from him, you should tell him that a queen will beg for no less than a kingdom.
Duke of Burgundy, if you want peace, and the lack of which creates these misfortunes you describe, you must purchase it.
If she restrained your rowdy knights, she had such a good reason that you cannot blame her for it.
Bad luck, bad luck?
There is no rest to be had in any bedroom where you are.
Evil spirit, I want to talk some more.
I will never have prompted anything well said.
Yes, sir.
Do tell.
She was worried about my absence, and about the fact that young Octavius and Mark Antony have grown so strong.
The great emperor Caesar, dead and turned to clay, might plug up a hole to keep the wind away.
You brazen whore!
There is no bravery in an unfair fight.
I will be eternally grateful to you.
They lie in bed while they dream about the truth.
He sees himself in my two eyes, so there are two of him.
To be brief, prepare to fight early in the morning, when your future will be decided.
If everyone looked so lovely in their sorrow, then sorrow would be highly prized.
His ships are maneuverable.
When it comes to defense, it is best to assume that the enemy is more powerful than he seems.
In cash.
I have to pretend to threaten you with my sword.
We argued about which was best, and now we will not get either one.
Always give him his way.
In every good thing they do.
Isn’t there one man left in the world who knows not to take a wife?
His mistake was hardly worth punishing him for in the first place. In wartime it is necessary to make examples out of even the best soldiers.
Truly, lady, you have a merry heart.
I had no intention of going for my sword.
I swear to God I will not.
Honestly, she is too ill-tempered.
Actually, their hearts are as sensitive and loyal as ours are.
Ruining his meals, his enjoyment, and his sleep would drive any man or beast mad.
In God's name, speak.
In God’s name, who are you?
What would that be?
Yes, heavily.
Right on cue, here is the duke himself.
Good to see you, Iago.
Right on cue.
My happiness and yours lie in her.
His counselors will govern as long as he is a minor, and then he will take over.
Your peace of mind depends on him.
You are right, Lysander is admirable too.
In his heart?
Kings and noblemen served him.
He has distinguished himself as a great soldier in his own right, deserving more than any honor you can bestow on him.
In its tail.
No, in its tongue.
I have already told you quite plainly that my daughter will never marry you.
No.
The news I have to tell your majesty is that Buckingham’s army has dispersed from sudden floods and heavy rainfall.
Are you in love?
For you to do it would be good service.
I think she is the most wonderful woman I have ever laid eyes on.
It is serious, and I am sure it is because of Beatrice.
In my bedroom window there is a book.
In my imagination, Horatio.
Back when I was a schoolboy, if I lost an arrow, I would try to find it by shooting another arrow in the same direction.
By my birth, I rank above you, but do not be afraid of my greatness.
The only thing different about me is my clothes.
On one and the same trip, Claribel found a husband in Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife on a poor island.
In Orsino’s heart.
Because he is so young, I have tried to discourage him, but he won't listen.
Let’s get started right away.
When I have praised Antony, I have disparaged Caesar.
In private?
In the fact that it is solitary, I enjoy it very much; but in the sense that it is private, it is terrible.
Seriously, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say that, you will only be telling the truth.
In Sicyon.
Are you behind some bush?
To be honest, I do not know why I am so sad.
You love me in spite of your heart.
I think that on a night like this, when the wind blew the trees so gently that they did not make a sound, on a night like
On a night like this!
On a night like this, pretty Jessica, in a bad mood, said outrageously wrong things about her lover, and he forgave her.
On a night like this, young Lorenzo swore he loved her very much, stealing her heart with vows of love.
Imagine them locking me out on a night like this.
In a time like this, it does not make sense to criticize every offense.
I would have made her happy had our luck not been so bad.
In this wicked world, criminals often take the money they stole and use it to buy off the law, shoving justice aside.
I am putting myself in God’s hands, and with his help I will fight against the secret plot that caused this treasonous murder.
I will make a list of props that we will need for the play.
Until that happens, let me be who I am and do not try to change me.
In the meantime, just assume that I am paranoid—as I am pretty sure I am—and keep thinking she is innocent.
In the high and mighty Roman Empire, just before the emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated, corpses rose out of their graves and ran through the streets of
It is the death of half the world.
Looking just like the dead king.
I met him in the street. He was there with that man.
From soldiers.
Partly to confirm my opinion and partly for the satisfaction, see, of my mind, with respect to the demands of proper military practice.
You do not have more than half an hour to live.
In this recent storm.
When she is like this, besides walking and performing various activities, have you heard her say anything?
At this time of night?
Though I am not a flattering, righteous man, at least you can say that I am honest about being a villain.
Their sweet smells come from those little freckles.
Will it be in thunder, lightning, or rain?
You are lying.
We come to hate that which controls us.
My God, it is morning.
I think I would, and then I would undo it after I did it.
I do not think you would.
His horse is better than the Neapolitan’s and he frowns more than the Count Palatine.
They let God see things they would not show their husbands.
You truly did.
People say he is generous, well educated, and brave, and he is very attractive.
For more important things, you will say no.
In what chapter and verse of his heart?
What part of her body is Ireland?
In what sense, my lord?
By his side lies the noble earl of Suffolk, York’s comrade and equal in brave wounds.
The importance of patience.
Normally I would ask you what your name is first.
Brutus, you give a nice speech along with your evil strokes.
Are you down in the dumps?
You are in your own kingdom, sir.
Go in, or we are done for.
Innocent sweethearts, you have no idea who is responsible for your father’s death.
Indeed, he is not right for this.
Yes, she is young and tender.
True, he has an excellent reputation.
He certainly is.
He certainly flattered them both with extravagant compliments.
I am not sorry to hear that, because they have always been my enemies.
I will never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him.
I should have asked you before who he was.
I should know, but it disturbs me.
Indeed, it is a strange time.
Well, sir, it is true that it came soon after.
Indeed, my lord, he is a perfectly wonderful horse.
You certainly made me believe you did.
To tell you the truth, I was just going to your house.
That is certainly out of this world, all right.
Indeed, the French can bet twenty French crowns to one that they will beat us. They have such an army.
It is true, they are inconsistent.
Indeed, they say that the senators plan to establish Caesar as a king tomorrow, and he will wear his crown at sea and on land.
Yes, but swear by my sword this time.
Are you really?
Indeed?
Really?
Oh, really?
I hope poisonous swampy fog covers her face and ruins her complexion.
It is fair England’s peace depends on this alliance.
Coward!
Old age makes people act funny, even wise people, but fools more than anybody.
Add details of your own to back up what I am saying.
Informed them?
That is him.
Ingratitude is always hideous, but an ungrateful child is uglier than a sea monster.
Bring ink and paper, Charmian.
Find a poverty stricken gentleman who I can marry straightaway to Clarence’s daughter.
Find out where the Jew's house is.
Give a quick example.
It has leaked out that you are hiding here.
Pretend to be concerned about both the Prince, who has compromised his honor by making the match, and Claudio, whose reputation will be ruined
If you interrupt this monster with one more word, I will beat you like a piece of salted fish.
Divide each man into a thousand, and there you will have an imaginary army.
There are a thousand of them, all of which I have forgotten.
Into my grave.
What dangers are you trying to lead me into, Cassius, that you want me to look inside myself for something that is not there?
Dress me up in motley.
Invoke his warlike spirit and that of Edward the Black Prince, your great-uncle, who fought a tragic battle on French soil, routing
Iras, I will not see you again for a long time.
What is going on these days?
Has it come to this?
Are you riding far?
Is it a weakness?
Is it gone?
Is it good or bad?
Could the lead one contain it?
Was it long or round?
Is it lost?
Isn’t this war against me?
Is it not enough, young man, that I will never be pretty enough to get a kind look from Demetrius?
It is Hortensio, isn’t it?
Isn’t it completely moral to kill him now with this sword?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t that the king?
It is pretty well done, isn’t it?
Isn’t that your habit?
Is it possible that you could like her right after meeting her?
You are not thinking of leaving tonight, surely?
It would be much appreciated.
Is this possible, my lord?
Are you kidding?
Is it possible?
Is this possible?
Is that possible?
Is it that aggressive?
Is that how it is?
Is that true?
Is that true, my lords of England?
Is it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is everyone here?
Have you forgotten all the talks we have had together, the vows we made to be like sisters to one another, all the hours we spent together
Is everything ready for that event?
Who is to blame for this?
Has Banquo left the court?
Are you sick?
Has Caesar gone to the Capital yet?
Is Cassius nearby?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he in his royal garments?
Has he come home yet?
Is he here?
Is he dead?
Did he get away clean?
He has gone.
Is he married?
Isn’t he a horrible man?
Can’t he pay back the money?
Hasn’t he proven himself to be a great villain?
Isn’t he here?
Isn’t he an honest man?
He is not jealous.
Is he losing his mind?
Did God make him?
Are your men searching for him?
Is his ship sturdy?
Is he all right?
Is he enough of a man to wear a hat and grow a beard?
He is in his chambers now, and he is extremely upset.
Is my ink and paper ready?
Is that a tradition?
Was it a man?
Does it mean being truthful?
Is this the kind of world where we hide our accomplishments?
Is that enough of an answer?
Has it come to this?
Richard loves neither me nor any of you.
Is it true?
Is that how it is going to be?
Does it really make sense, once we divide the world into three parts, that he should be one of the three rulers?
Is it because of
Is it four o'clock?
Is it now afternoon?
Is it a habit of his?
Is it “chaste in word and action”?
Is it my mother?
You say you have news that is old?
You mean this is the whole problem, that she is shy and hasn’t said everything she means to say and do?
Isn’t their ingratitude like the mouth biting the hand that feeds it?
Isn’t it a pain that I cannot choose or refuse anyone?
Isn’t my name Hero?
Doesn’t it look like the king?
Isn’t it past two o’clock?
Isn’t it strange that he could cross the Ionian Sea so quickly from Tarentum and Brundusium and take Toryne
Is it possible for a mutt to lend three thousand dollars?
Is it possible that I would love the enemy of France?
Is it possible that any crime could be so valuable?
Is it possible?
Is she really that wonderful?
Has it been so long?
Is that called for in the contract?
Is that how it is, countrymen?
Is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity?
Is it them?
It was just two days ago that I tripped you and beat you up in front of the king.
Is it on record that he built it, or is it just word of mouth?
Is it feasible?
Is this your friend who is in so much trouble?
Was it your whim, on your own initiative?
Is love really tender?
Is my father well?
Is Othello angry?
Is that why you are talking so wildly?
Are my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Sex and marriage are honorable things, even for a beggar.
Isn’t that him on the ground?
Isn’t that him?
Isn’t that enough?
Isn’t that strange?
Did I not turn down the page where I left off reading?
Doesn’t the sun shine palely down on them, as though in contempt, killing their fruit with frowns?
Didn’t I buckle this well?
You say he is not jealous?
You agree now that we are not imagining this, do you?
Isn’t this Stephano, my drunken butler?
Isn’t today the day when Hermia has to tell us her decision about whether she will marry Demetrius?
Do you think so?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t this good?
Is tomorrow the 15th of March, boy?
Your husband is mad, isn’t he?
Is your husband an honorable man?
Isn’t my vest just as clean and fresh as the day I put it on?
This is the man who has now become a god, and I must bow down if Caesar so much as carelessly nods my way.
Has Romeo been killed, and is Tybalt dead too?
Have you given up on Rosaline, whom you loved so much?
Is she as tall as I am?
Isn’t she a well-mannered young lady?
She picks it up quick, doesn’t she?
Isn’t she proud of such a match?
Is her voice pitched high or low?
Is she as fiery as they say?
They keep up Adam’s profession.
Is Signior Lucentio at home?
Is supper ready?
Is he right?
Is that his answer?
Is this my prize?
Is that chain you are wearing the one you promised to give to me?
Is that the law?
Is that what you meant?
Is that the naked man?
Is that the latest we can do it?
Is that true?
Is the throne empty?
Is it that early in the day?
Is the Duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire dispossessed?
Is the king awake, worthy thane?
Is the single man lucky?
Has the storm passed?
Is the army without a leader?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart?
Has anyone offended your Worship?
Are any ships leaving tonight?
Is there any way I could show such friendship to you?
So there is a rift between Othello and Cassio?
Is there more work to do?
Is there anything offensive in it?
Don’t you have any respect for anything?
Is there anyone to give the bride away?
Are there magic spells that can lead young virgins astray?
Is this a dagger I see in front of me, with its handle pointing toward my hand?
What is today a holiday?
Was that the prologue or the inscription on some wedding ring?
Is this true?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we offered to ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the family tomb of Leonato?
Is this the same Moor whom the senate considers so capable?
Is this the cure for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is that true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your idea of success?
Is your master coming?
Is your master awake?
Are you Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is the news good or bad?
Is your little pearl in there?
Is that the man?
Are Englishmen really such heavy drinkers?
Can your man keep a secret?
Are you over your ridiculous mood?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
It is a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal.
It is about you.
It wants you to go off with it, as if it wants to tell you something alone.
It looks better in a king than his own crown looks on him.
It starts, “Shut up.” I will never be able to start if I shut up.
It was removed from from the heart of her.
The only possibility is that you have murdered him.
She cannot possibly have done you any wrong.
It cannot be.
That cannot happen.
It is impossible.
I do not believe it.
Can’t do it.
It is coming toward me.
It is leaping about like a frisky horse.
We used to think so too.
It sang about my crimes.
It was addressed to him, and orders must be obeyed.
It did, it did.
I would, my boy.
That is true, my lord.
You seem like a good judge.
You are right.
It happens, the way gentle rain drops on the ground.
It eats and sleeps and has the same five senses as we do.
Yes, it faded away when the rooster crowed.
It fell on a little western flower, which used to be white as milk but now has turned purple from being wounded by the arrow of love.
It would follow from this that the cat should stay home.
I am amazed you got here before me.
It will not go on.
It hangs like an old worn-out mop.
It is terrifying.
It has been this way ever since the first government was organized.
It has caused the downfall of many kings.
It has driven me crazy.
It will not annoy you, because it does not have a voice.
It does not look that way to me.
It has the mark of
It is “music with her silver sound,” because musicians have no gold to use to make sounds.
It is "never get tired." Oh!
He is an animal worthy of Perseus.
Healing is part and parcel of my religious vows; it is a charitable duty my order performs.
I think it is important.
It is a common occurrence. What?
That is the whore’s curse, to seduce many men, but to be seduced by one.
Your eyes are playing tricks on you.
It takes a good priest to practice what he preaches.
It is a big prize for such a small sin.
It was windy on shore.
This story breaks my heart.
No, it is a story.
It is a letter from my brother that I haven’t finished reading yet.
It is a job meant for a man, but not you.
He is like a huge wheel on the top of the highest mountain, whose spokes touch the rim of ten thousand smaller things. When it falls down
It is like a monster that just grows and grows out of nothing.
Your humor is a spicy sauce.
Yes, it is definitely nippy.
It is a small cap, a dessert crust, a plaything, and a silk pie.
He mixed that poison himself.
He is awfully proud, but his pride suits him.
I believe it will not stop moving and stand upright until Richard wears the wreath of the realm.
Life is a story told by an idiot, full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning.
It is a subject as worthy of endless discussion as the changing sea.
It takes a wise father to know his own child.
It is almost morning, but I am sure you are not fully satisfied about what happened.
She looks like she is washing her hands.
It is an honor that I do not dream of.
It is as easy as lying.
It has a back like a weasel’s.
Your daughter and son-in-law.
It is Brabantio.
The armies have merely changed places, Titinius, because Octavius has been overthrown by noble Brutus’s forces.
It is worthless.
The river in Monmouth is called Wye, but the name of the other river has gone out of my head.
It is Captain Macmorris, right?
The deal is closed.
Has it been decided that Richard will be involved? It has been decided, though not yet officially announced.
The laws of Venice state that if a foreign resident directly or indirectly attempts to kill any citizen, the person he tried to kill will receive half of
That is the truth.
It is gone.
It is good for your fresh wound and your bloody noggin.
It is good to grow.
I am the one, Hamlet.
That is not holy, it is heresy.
It is his handwriting, my lord, but I hope he did not mean what he wrote.
It is his handwriting.
Come on Iago.
No ship could survive this storm.
It would be impossible for you to watch them, even if they were as horny as animals in heat and as stupid as drunks.
It is impossible.
It is rather cold, my lord.
It is only as high as it is and moves with its own legs.
It warms my heart to encounter such a country bumpkin.
You feel love because you feel lust and you have no willpower.
It is nobler to leap in ourselves than dawdle until they push us.
It is too bad there is more of the Moor than there ought to be.
Actually, it is my arm.
It is my birthday.
They are my daylight, my life.
It is my duty, sir.
That is my way, when I see a crab-apple.
Oh, there is my lady!
I have promised them I would, and they are expecting it.
It is just my bad luck.
You have to wait for the appropriate time to let loose.
I suppose it is not bragging to say that we are.
His virtue is not hidden.
It does not need to be witty as long as it is eloquent and imaginative.
It does not matter.
Fast asleep?
The best way to be happy is to be in between.
Good idea.
It is not daybreak yet.
It is not daylight.
This play isn't right for you.
It is not good for your health to expose your weak body to the cold morning.
It is not friendly, and it is not ladylike.
It would not be right for me to tell you everything I have seen and heard.
It is not lost, but what if it were?
It is not proper for you to know how much Caesar loved you.
It is not nighttime now.
That is not good, and no good can come of it either.
No, it would be impossible.
It does not get seen enough. You should wear it in your cap, the way fools wear coxcombs.
Not explicitly, but so what?
Actually, it is not so unusual when you think about it.
It is not courteous to assume you know my meaning before I have finished talking.
It is still a long time until daybreak.
It is nearly dinner time, and the night is going to be wasted.
It is two o'clock now.
It looks like you have offended it.
It was a total fluke that you yourself were saved.
It has been proven that Lady Hero is innocent, that the Prince and Claudio have been deceived, and that Don John—who has run away
Sir, it is shaped like itself and is as wide as it has width.
It is.
Fair enough.
Yes.
It is arranged.
It is a meteor coming out of the sun to light your way to Mantua.
It must be something I did accidentally.
It is the best horse in Europe.
It is the blessed sun.
Evil can come from good, just as poisonous snakes tend to come out into the open on bright sunny days.
It is women crying, my good lord.
She is the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It never ceases to amaze me the way people ignore the correct, traditional principles and rules of war.
It is a green-eyed monster that makes fun of the victims it devours.
This is the lady Pyramus is in love with.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, making such harsh noise.
That means it is more likely to be fake.
He is the most stubborn dog that ever lived among humans.
Mankind’s role is to fear and tremble when the almighty gods send warning signals.
He is the prince of horses.
There must be something in the air.
That awful, plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market.
It is my rival for Bianca.
It is the smartest partition I have ever heard speak.
It means being faithful and ready to serve, just like I am for Phoebe.
It means being filled with fantasy; with passion and wishes; and with adoration, loyalty, and devotion.
It means being full of sighs and tears, like I am for Phoebe.
I cannot figure it out by myself.
A sword is too heavy for you to wear.
It is too late.
I think it is too rough, too rude, too rowdy, and it pricks like a thorn.
It is true.
It blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives it.
It is very hot.
Very humid, I can’t tell you how humid it is.
It is true.
It is well done, and appropriate for a princess who has descended from so many royal kings.
He is what he is.
It is meant in good will.
It will be worth your while.
It is written that shoemakers and tailors should play with each other's tools, that fisherman should play with paints, and painters should
It is Orlando, who triumphed over both the wrestler and you in the same instant.
It is your music, madam, from your house.
It is.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
This is what it is, my lord.
It has all stopped.
You have the power to fix it.
It only looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
This will either make us or break us.
It may be that his antagonist is a gentleman of very high degree, quite outside of his own sphere.
I might wake you up in a while to send you on an errand to my brother Cassius.
That may be true, my lord.
You will not be wasting your time, because I can sing and talk to him about many different kinds of music. He will be happy to have
It might happen that these strange signs, the unusual terror of this night, and the urgings of fortune-tellers will keep him from
It may be, it certainly may be.
That tree could be called God’s tree, since it drops such wonderful fruit.
The whole quarrel might have been resolved since then, when we repaid what we stole from them, for the sake of friendly trade relations.
No more than that, my lord.
It would please him very much if you would rely on his wealth and success to support you.
Actions speak louder than words, so I will cut short these polite words.
If you can’t answer it, go ahead!
I have no personal reason to strike at him, only the best interest of the people.
He will find out soon what happened in England.
No, I will recite it for you right now: “de hand, de fangres, de nails.”
We have to think about that.
In that case it is your imagination that is interesting, not the play.
The island must be mild, and have a temperate climate.
I invite you all aboard my ship.
Night is approaching.
In any case, our survival depends on putting together the strongest force possible.
Thank you for saying that, but we are just the poor duke’s officers.
It seems not.
It persuades you and discourages you.
It is getting there.
She seemed to be trying to control her emotions, which were overwhelming her.
It seems he has taken great care to please his wife.
It would be inappropriate—dangerous, even—for me to be seen working against the Moor, as I would if I stayed.
It sounds more like you are insulting me.
It seems to me like we are still sleeping, still dreaming.
In that case you should sleep.
It will help us more than hurt us.
You will receive a bigger reward than you have ever received delivering a letter before.
I will call it “Bottom’s Dream” because it is so deep that it has no bottom.
Yes, my lord.
I will do it.
We will do it.
They will assume that Cicero, with his sound judgment, ordered the actions.
It will be seven o'clock before I get on my horse.
That is how we will do it.
It will be to your advantage, because I will leave our father’s house and all his property to you, while I live and die
It should work.
It will be hard if “Cambio” loses her.
You will not lose any respect.
That is not necessary.
We will have the barber trim it later, along with your beard.
I am everywhere.
It is true, but he is drowned, and these guys are devils.
Dobbin’s tail must be growing backward.
It is a lucky sign, isn’t it?
The name suits your fierceness.
It has stopped now, it must be played for some local god of the island.
It is too much.
We heard it very clearly.
It is nearly the time when the ghost likes to appear.
It applies to you as much as to me, my lord.
It was a good and lucky vision.
It was about to say something when the rooster crowed.
Antony was divided between her heart and lips.
It was a mistake to let old Gloucester live after we blinded him.
He is too good to have any compassion for you.
That is what he said.
We were somewhere where I couldn't pick a fight with him, but I have decided to wear it in my cap until I see him again.
It was my magic that saved you when I arrived on the island and heard you, making the pine tree open and let you out.
I just did my duty.
That was my turquoise ring!
Nobody delivered it, my lord.
You abused me to my face.
It was some devil.
That sound you heard was the lark, the bird that sings at dawn, not the nightingale.
It was two o'clock when I left him, and now it is one.
That was good planning, and you will sleep some more.
It usually only lasts about twenty seconds.
It was dark brown with silver whiskers in it.
It was yesterday, your highness.
It was.
Look, it is waving me over again.
It is still waving to me.
I am tired of it, and you say you are tired of it too.
Our country weeps, it bleeds, and each day a fresh cut is added to her wounds.
What quality is that, my lord?
It would be better to die that way than to be mocked, which is as bad as being killed by tickling.
How ingenious to make horseshoes out of felt.
I think it would be very difficult to arrange for them to have sex while you watched.
We should definitely say something to the Moor.
If she will not tell Benedick, someone else should.
It would be a pity to throw them away for nothing, but if it is a matter of choosing between them and a great cause, then they
Lead is too crass to hold her.
The general should be informed about this.
It is a lot to ask of a maiden.
It will rain tonight.
Soon enough.
It will only make you sad, Monsieur Jaques.
It wants us to speak to it.
I would be as right for the job as you are, and I would do it more easily. I would have good will on my side.
It would make any man as mad as a bull to be betrayed like this.
When he woke, he would not know where he was.
It is nine o'clock.
It is dinnertime, my lord.
It is the wind.
That is true, lieutenant.
Jailer, watch out for this one.
Keep an eye on him.
James Tyrrel is your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk and Thomas Earl of Surrey will lead the horsemen and foot soldiers.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
Thank God and my horoscope!
God bless you, Mr.
God bless you for doing this.
Thank you.
By God.
I flashed about faster than lightning.
It is obvious to everyone that you have tricked her, drugged her, or kidnapped her.
Let the gods judge me.
The gods know how dearly Caesar loved him.
Referee!
I bet she is fast asleep.
Juno and Ceres are whispering about something serious.
Just as tall as my heart.
The men resemble their English hounds in their loud, showy ferocity, leaving their brains behind with their wives.
Justice, find the girl.
Duke, the abbess has wronged me and I seek justice.
Kate is as straight and slender as a hazelnut, her hair as brown as hazelnut shells, and she herself is sweeter than
His daughter Katherine, with some insignificant, unprofitable dukedoms as her dowry.
Katherine the shrew! That is the worst thing you can call a young woman.
Keep yourself hidden, I command you.
Keep me balanced and sane.
Stop it, I order you.
Keep your promise, my love.
Stay warm.
You stay on the left.
Keep your word.
Stay in your cabins.
Keep your money.
Please keep your promise to marry me, and to marry this shepherd if you choose to refuse me.
Silvius, keep your promise to marry Phoebe if she refuses me.
Kent has been banished just like that?
Kent, father, sisters.
Kent, if you want to stay alive, stop talking.
It was Kent, sir, the exiled Kent, who, after the king treated him like an enemy of the state, put on a disguise and
Kill Brutus and be honored by the killing.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow, but let me live tonight.
Killing men in the dark?
To kill the boys with the luggage.
Kill!
Lighten up.
Killing pigs.
Kind and dear princess!
Gentlemen, let’s make sure Cassio’s wounds are properly dressed.
Kind gentlemen, I will not forget the trouble you have taken for me whenever I think of this day.
Yes, kind sister.
If it overwhelms you to look at Caesar’s wounded cloak, how will you feel?
Kind Tyrrel, will your news make me happy?
From now on, goodness in women, not superficial beauty, will win my heart.
He and his daughter are captured.
It turns kings into gods and men of lower rank into kings.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Do not kneel, noble Portia.
Kneel down to the duke before he passes by the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Moron!
Knock.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
I will recognize him all right, I am sure of it.
Do you know him?
Do I know these men who are with you?
Know that I am Brutus.
Consider how young you are, and question your feelings.
Know the glove!
You should know that when I came here, I was prepared to accept your offer.
You should know that luck is on my side, and my enemies have happened to wreck their ship on this island.
Do you recognize this face?
Do you know any?
Do you know any, Hero?
Do you know whom you are talking to?
Do you know him?
Don’t you know he has?
Didn’t you know?
Don’t you know, master, that some men’s best qualities do them in?
Do you know what Caesar intends to do with me?
When did I know where you are, sir?
I am telling you right to your face that you have wronged me and my innocent child.
You should know that I have good hopes for tomorrow, and that I will lead you as if I expect victory rather than an honorable death.
You should know, my loving lord, I have heard that the marquess Dorset has fled to Brittany, to the earl of Richmond.
My name is Hortensio, sir.
You would better understand that I will not wait until I am chained up in your master’s court, and I will not let myself be
Do you know Fluellen?
Do you know Captain Gower?
Do you know his plans?
Do you know anyone who would kill someone for money?
Don’t you know that I have offered these bones of mine for ransom?
Don’t you realize that the duke has also banished me, his daughter?
Do you know the way to Dover?
Do you know the boy who was speaking to me?
Do not give up.
I know myself.
Labio and Flavio, push our armies onward.
Lady Beatrice, have you been crying this entire time?
Amen to that, lady.
Lady, come out of the tomb.
My lady, should I lie in your lap?
Lady, did you sleep in her room last night?
My lady, will you have a dance with me?
No, he comes to be married. Lady, do you come here to be married to this count?
Dear woman, you do not know the rules of charity.
Lady!
Laertes, I want you to hear what they say.
Last night, when that star to the west of the North Star had traveled across the night sky to that point where it is shining now, I
Last night she got no sleep, and she will not get any tonight.
The last thing he did before sending me off, dear Queen, was to kiss this Indian pearl for you.
Laugh at the power of other men, because nobody born from a woman will ever harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I cannot agree on anything.
Save that kind of harsh language for your worst enemy.
Lay out the gown.
Put your hand on your heart and listen to my advice.
Turn the ship to the wind.
Lay her in the ground, and let violets bloom from her lovely and pure flesh.
Come on, let’s go at it, Macduff, and damn the first man who cries, 'Stop!
Soak your hands in blood and gore, since you have cut the thread of his life with scissors.
Be quiet and listen to me.
The dog returns to its own vomit, and the newly washed sow to its mud puddle.
Le Roy?
Get us out of here.
Take him to my sleeping area.
Help me out of here.
Show me the way.
Take me.
Even though half of him is like a
Lead the way.
Show us the way.
Lead us, monster; we will follow.
You are Lear’s shadow.
Take it to heart, Dorset.
Learn from the wise, and comprehend: the courtier’s perfume is made from cat discharge—much more disgusting than tar.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to God and her own guilt.
Leave him to my wrath.
Stop hollering.
Let’s listen to the moon.
Let’s gather our jewels and money.
Leave me and do what I told you to do.
Leave me quickly.
Just give me a moment, please, only a moment.
Please leave me alone, as I said.
Leave me alone, Iago.
If you let go of your power to attract me, I will not have any power to follow you.
Leave you alone.
Come on, envelope, open up for me.
It sets you up for a fall.
Nonsense.
This man has legs like a man, but fins for arms.
Let me borrow a mirror.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Help me here.
Lean forward.
Give me a hand and help me off with this magic cloak.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I standing here?
Lepidus flatters both of them, as they flatter him, but he does not love them, and they do not love him.
Lepidus is red in the face.
It is wise and graceful as the earth is wonderful and divine.
You are lesser than Macbeth, but also greater.
Because it will make you angry, and that will get me another beating.
Let them in.
How about it, Corporal Nym?
All of you can leave too.
Let it be.
If you could only hear this testament, which I do not intend to read aloud, you would kiss dead Caesar’s wounds and dip your
Let’s have more sex in the world, since Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to him than my daughters, conceived
Each of you, give me your bloody hand.
Beauty is a witch whose spells can turn loyalty into passion.
Everybody may do as they please until seven o'clock tonight.
Tell every soldier to break off a branch and hold it in front of him.
I lead a charmed life, which cannot be ended by anyone born from a woman.
Let rivers flood and fiends howl for food.
Let four captains carry Hamlet like a soldier onto the stage.
Let go of his arm.
Let go of my hand.
When you see a huge wheel rolling down a hill, you shouldn't try to hold on to it or it will break your neck.
Let go of him, peasant, or you die.
Let go of it.
I hope Antonio repays his loan on time, or he will suffer for this.
Transform your grief into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils tell me to shut up.
Leave Hermia alone.
Hide her for a while in your house, and tell everyone that she has died.
I will hide and listen in.
She is no longer my daughter, and I will never see her face again.
Let her execute me.
Please allow her to do this.
Tell her.
She will be the bond that joins our kingdoms and our hearts.
Do not let her say I kept you.
Then by all means never let her walk in public.
Have her send it to me.
She will confirm everything.
Let him be for a bit.
I remember he is already occupied.
Leave him alone.
Let me look at him.
Let the envoy from Antony come in.
Let him come forward.
Show him in.
Let him become Caesar.
Let him be the devil if he wants to, I do not care.
Let him come.
Let him come in.
I will not refuse you anything.
Let them come. I do not care.
Let him command me, and I will do whatever he asks, no matter how violent.
They are brothers, friends, and countrymen.
Please tell me, sir, is your marriage your marriage? Let him do his worst.
Let him run far away.
He should go up and offer his petition to Caesar now.
Let him mount the pulpit.
Tell him to greet the king of England with our sharp defiance.
Let him start off easy by killing one of us.
I will give him my gray horse Capilet if he forgets the whole thing.
Let him think about his own debt.
Keep him away from me.
Do not let him leave out the color of her hair.
Kill him rather than let him leave this room.
Tell him not to send any more messengers unless you feel like coming back to tell me how he took the bad news.
My lord, he will swear on his life that I have not kept a thing. Tell the truth, Seleucus.
Let him hoist you up in front of the shouting crowds.
Let him thank me, who helped him get there.
Whoever is a real friend should strike me dead.
Come on, tie them up.
Let’s hope his sense of shame will send him back to Rome quickly.
Be thrifty.
Husbands need to know that their wives are human beings.
Leave it alone, you fool.
Never mind.
Show it!
Let it be a quarrel between us, if you live.
Then that is the way it will be.
All right, then.
Let it be who it is.
Make it eight and eight.
Let the rain come down.
Let your anger fall on me, even if its sharpness pierces my heart.
Let it all go.
Let it fly out.
Let’s not, Brutus.
I do not trust you.
I have gotten it dirty—ashes to ashes, and dust to dust.
Let life be short so that shame won’t last too long.
Have Lucius and Titinius guard the door.
Leave me for a bit.
Leave me alone.
Let me ask you something in private.
Leave me alone.
Tell me that I will marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them.
Let me be put to death.
Tell me so I can be satisfied.
Let me be captured.
Let me be your servant.
I beg you not to do this, my lord.
Let me wrap up your head, and it will feel okay in less than an hour.
In just an hour from now, Duchess of York, I will be saluting you as the mother of two beautiful queens.
Let me ask her one question, and by your authority as her father, order her to answer truthfully.
Let me look at her.
If we do not shake hands, when I act all nice to the players, it will seem like I am happier to see them than you.
Let me deal with this.
Let me talk to you about your situation.
Let me embrace the father of Lucentio, and then we will journey on to see your son, who will rejoice at your arrival.
Punish me if it is not true.
Let me enjoy my privacy.
Goodbye to you all.
As a favor to  Nope.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, or I will knock you on the head.
Please let me go.
Leave me alone.
Let me go.
Let me have your attention for a moment.
Give me access to them, and soon you will not have to worry about them anymore.
I need a doctor.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me hear what Agrippa has to say.
What do you say?
Wait, let me hire him. Here is my fool’s cap, a token of my gratitude.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here forever.
Let me love him because he deserves it, and you can love him because I do.
Do not drive me crazy with curiosity, but tell me why your church-buried bones have burst out of their coffin, and why your tomb
Do not let me keep you from going, Cassius.
I have to do it, I have to do it.
Do not make me wait for dinner even a moment.
Release me so I can return to my dukedom with your help.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask you a particular question.
If I can tell him that you have submitted to him sweetly, he will request your assistance in finding ways in which he can support you.
Let me say “amen” quickly, before the devil comes in and stops my prayer.
Let me see them.
Let me see her.
Let me see what he looks like, so when I see another man who resembles him, I will know to avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let’s see, how can I do that?
Let me see you dance.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see, what do you think about falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Horatio, tell me something.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
I want to avoid that.
Let me sit down.
Let’s go.
Let me refer to a proverb that may help you forgive these lovers. If you cannot change something, do not cry about it.
Let me speak proudly: tell the Constable we are only workaday soldiers.
Let me stand here until you remember your reason.
I will wait until his beard grows in, if you will just hurry up and tell me what chin that beard is on.
It is always better to get rid of what you are afraid of than to be afraid.
I will tell you, Cassius, you yourself have been called greedy and been accused of giving your positions to undeserving men in exchange for gold
Let me wipe it off first.
Let me work on him.
At least tell me where you are going.
If I cannot have an estate by birthright, then I will get it by being clever.
Play some music while he chooses.
Do not think of any beauty but the beauty of Rosalind.
Nobody like that should be trusted.
No one should have an honor he does not deserve.
Do not tempt me to suicide again.
Do not let that lawyer ever come near my house.
Do not let the heavens hear these women abuse the Lord’s anointed king.
Do not let the Nurse stay with you in your bedroom.
Do not let the Danish king’s bed be a nest of incest.
Tell our top commanders that I want tomorrow’s battle to be the last we fight.
Let’s dance to "You Jerk".
Give our officers notice of our intentions.
Do not forget the vows we made to each other.
I cannot believe it. The tears fell from her eyes like holy water.
If she wants to be proud, or “honest,” as she calls it, she can marry her own pride.
Let’s send this news to Rome.
Have some of my servants take care of Malvolio.
I swear I never hated you or your father.
Let’s have explicit contracts drawn up to ensure that both sides keep their promises.
A woman should always pick an older man.
Let the Egyptians and Phoenicians go swimming.
I hope that, after I tell you my news, you will think better of me.
Abandon the person who has abandoned himself.
Let that be enough for you.
Lock him in so he can play the fool in his own home.
Close the garden door and leave me alone to hear his message.
Let the gods who stirred up this dreadful storm bring their enemies to light.
Let the old ruffian discover that I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, we will laugh at his challenge.
Blow the trumpets.
Your death would prevent that.
Let their beds be as soft as yours, and let them eat the same food as you.
Tell them to slick down their hair, brush their blue coats, and make sure their socks match.
Let them put fear in your heart.
Hunt them down.
Let them start something.
Have them come in front of the master constable.
In a P.S.
Have them click their heels together and do not touch a hair of the master’s horse’s tail until they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Let those who would mar this fair land’s peace with treason die before they can enjoy its wealth.
Okay, bring on the play.
They should advance immediately, because I sense Octavius’s side is a bit fainthearted right now, and a sudden push
What does this mean?
Let’s not fight over this fellow.
Let this evil hour be marked forever in the calendar as cursed.
Accept it in body and spirit.
Let’s embrace.
Let’s join forces and get revenge.
Let’s be lighthearted.
Let’s be sacrificers but not butchers, Caius.
Give us answers.
Let’s carry him to the barracks.
Let us in so we can tie him up tight and bring him home to recover.
Let’s give a fair verdict.
Let us die honorably.
Let’s go inside and we will answer all your questions truthfully.
Let’s sit here on the church bench until two and then go off to bed.
Let’s go, because it is already after midnight, and we want him on our side before daylight.
Let’s go.
Let us hear him.
Let’s hear what Antony has to say.
Tell us, Bottom.
Let's leave him.
He will never follow anything that other men have started.
Let’s not get gloomy in our reminiscing, since there is no reason for sadness anymore.
Let's not leave him out.
Let’s stay and watch.
Let’s offer up our lives.
Let’s lay everything upon the king: our lives, our souls, our debts, our wives, our children, and our sins.
Let us leave everything and give our vineyards to the barbarous nation.
Instead of crying, let’s keep hold of our swords and defend our fallen homeland like honorable men.
Let’s slash their backs and grab them like we do rabbits, from behind.
Let’s see here.
Let’s seek out some shady place where we can sit down alone and cry our hearts out.
Let’s go find that hussy, Fortune, and mock her until she starts distributing her gifts more equally.
You are worthy of your birth, which I do not doubt for a moment.
Let’s not break the law by starting a fight.
We should eat and drink.
Let us proceed to the field.
Let’s go to this great feast.
Let’s go to the king.
Let’s go inside.
Come with us, Lepidus.
Let playful people with light hearts dance.
Join your witchcraft with your beauty, and let Antony’s lust combine with both.
Forget your epilogue.
Whatever your highness commands me to do, it is my duty to do it.
You can be married tomorrow if you want.
Let’s all sink with the king.
Leave them alone and do the murder first.
We will figure out the best time and safest route to avoid being found out by my father’s guards.
Let’s get dressed quickly and then meet in the hall.
Let’s call for help and get them tied up again.
Let’s carve him up like a dish fit for the gods, not chop him up like a carcass fit for dogs.
Good idea.
Let’s draw our own swords.
Let’s follow it, and then do our dirty work afterward.
Let’s follow the old earl and get that crazy Tom to take him wherever he wants to go.
The coroner’s inquest law.
Let’s follow them.
Let’s have a good soldier.
Well, let’s have it, Grumio.
Let’s stop this drinking and get down to business. God forgive our sins!
Let’s hear someone play the triangle and the sticks.
Let us listen to him.
Let’s hear it.
Let’s be disciplined and not delay, because tomorrow is a busy day.
Take comfort.
Let’s meet as little as possible.
Let’s go greet him when he lands.
Let’s drink through midnight.
Let’s not stay here with them.
Let’s see how.
But let’s see once more what the gold one says: “He who chooses me will get what many men want.”
Let’s look in his pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s fall on our swords.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let's say goodbye to him.
Let’s talk.
Let’s meet with our senior command and discuss what to do next.
It is not safe to go near them until we get more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let's play billiards.
Tonight let’s have plenty to eat.
Quick, let’s hide, my lord.
Yes, from Normandy.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Do not spend one night away from this house.
On top of her?
Let it stay in your inventory until it bankrupts you.
Now, you lie there on the path.
Lie down right there.
My God, it is nauseating.
In bed with her?
He was in bed with her.
Here an angel is lying in a golden bed. Give me the key.
She has been dead for some time.
Life, wealth, everything belongs to Death.
But fire also gives off light, and fire will burn you.
Bring me some light, gentlemen, I will bind the wound with my shirt.
Give me some light.
Get some light!
Lights, lights, get us some lights!
He is a fool, a madman, and a drowned man.
Like medicine for a sick man.
Do you like her?
And so, beautiful lady, I am standing here wondering whether all this can be true until you tell me it is.
He was like that time of year halfway between the extremes of hot and cold: he was neither sad nor happy.
I cannot let my lips say his name; “No man must know.
Listen to my little story, and when it is done, my heart will break.
Listen for a minute.
Listen to him talk about war, and you will hear elegant and thrilling accounts of the battles.
Listen, listen!
Listening to their frightened voices, I couldn’t reply “Amen” when they said, “God bless us!
Listen but do not speak to it.
Did you say “little” again?
Live a little, be comforted a little, cheer up a little.
I could live a thousand years and I would not be as ready to die as I am now.
If you survive, I will live.
Live, and from now on, say a madman mercifully told you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Is he still alive, good uncle?
Is he still alive?
Dear son, you are alive!
Well, he is alive.
Look!
Look, here she is!
Here I lie and will never get up again.
There is still a stain on your cheek from an old tear that has not been washed off yet.
Look, here is the necklace.
Hey, look over there!
She is in on this too.
Look, here he is.
It has come again.
Over there, where Titinius mourns it.
Locked in her tomb.
No, who are you? Long live the king!
That is the key to long-lasting love.
When you married him and made him the master of your bed, I gave you my word that I would do everything I could for him.
He stayed like that for a long time.
No, longer than that.
Look behind you, my lord.
Dear God, bless this couple, since you are the ones who have shown us the path that led us here.
He is laughing already.
Look, he is approaching Caesar.
Look at Macbeth. He is in a daze.
Look at the stars, see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks of bright gold.
Look at you, standing there in a stupor.
Look how your servants wait on you, each one ready to do whatever you command.
Do I look as pale as everyone else does?
Look at my face.
Look in the almanac.
Check the calendar and come tell me.
Look in on me, and talk with me, or I will attack even without a weapon.
You should look like an innocent flower, but be like the snake that hides underneath the flower.
There is a lot to learn when a fool recites the words of a madman.
Just look at me kindly, and I am invincible against their hatred.
Do as I say.
Watch out!
Keep an eye on her, Moor.
Look after my goods and possessions.
Take care of the lady.
Take care of the queen.
Check on your daughter, your house, your money.
Look for yourself. See the top of the cliff way up there?
This is Caesar you are looking at.
Look what I have here.
Whatever I say, or think, or do, you are continually contradicting it.
Whatever has already been done cannot be undone now.
Look how flushed the actor is, with tears in his eyes.
Look, here he is.
It has come again.
Oh, here she is.
Here comes my little bird.
Look at them.
Look who is coming.
Look with your ears.
Is there anything else you wish?
Look at this, here is the man who was beaten, as you can see, by traitors.
Look who is coming: a young man and an old man, having a serious talk.
Look, here comes Cassio and my husband.
Captain Macmorris, if you take my words in some way other than how they were meant, I will have to think you are not treating
Listen, sad friends, though the gods may rebuke me, this news would make kings cry.
She loved her cousin Tybalt dearly, and so did I.
Look, sir, this is a portrait of me as I am at this particular moment.
There is no kindness in the snake.
Look, and you will see.
Don Pedro has come back for you.
Look, he is recovering.
Look, he is moving.
That is a nasty garter belt.
Look, here comes someone who loves me, along with someone who loves her.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
See, now I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she is.
Look how she rubs her hands.
Look, here is where Cassius’ dagger pierced it.
Life is better at
Look, look!
Look, my love, what are those streaks of light in the clouds parting in the east?
Look, Lucius, here is the book I was searching for.
Look, sir, here it comes!
Look, sir, here comes the lady walking toward my cell.
Look, sir, I am bleeding.
Look, they are crying.
People do not cry when they are mocking someone.
Here he comes.
Look out, here she comes.
Look, here comes the woman you love.
See, I have sealed his fate with this mark next to his name.
Look how politely it is pointing you to a place that is farther away.
Look!
Sad or happy?
Does he look as bright and handsome as the day we saw him wrestling?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, the most consummate Alexas, where is the fortuneteller you recommended so highly to the Queen?
Lord Edmund did not speak to your master at home?
Lord Hamlet, Please let him be all right.
Lord Mayor, the reason we have sent you is to look behind you.
If that is not granted, he reduces his requests and asks only that he be allowed to live as a private man in Athens.
You are all Lord of lords!
Lord, how you have changed!
Lord, it is glancing every which way.
Lord, may I never see a day of trouble until the day I let someone treat me like that.
She will be a happy woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals are!
What does it matter?
Lord, what is he calling you?
If I lay down my “ Welcome, Lorenzo and Salerio.
I am sure you are my love, and I am also sure you are my love.
I am Lorenzo, your love.
Please take charge of the management of my house until my husband comes back.
Love cools off, friendships break up, and brothers become enemies.
Love will give me strength, and strength will help me accomplish this plan.
The only reason they do not get punished and cured is that the disease is so commonplace that the nuthouse nurses are usually suffering from it.
When we are in love, we do not see with our eyes but with our minds.
I do not care if you love me or not, I like the cap and I will have it or I will not have any.
I bet it is a love letter.
It was love that performed these miracles.
Love each other and be friends, like two such men should be.
Love and tongue-tied simplicity can say the most even when they are saying the least, in my opinion.
Love?
Love’s messengers should be thoughts that fly ten times faster than sunbeams.
Love is not love when it gets mixed up with irrelevant outside matters.
Or else love is blind, and its best time is the night.
Lovers, moan and weep.
Lovers, it is time to go to bed.
Your name is Lucentio, you say.
Lucentio, sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, order the commanders to have the men camp for the night.
Lucius, wake up!
Lucius, who is that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!
Lurk out of sight.
Lysander and I are running away from here.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, say something.
Lysander, where are you going with this?
I had to hurry to my love, Helena, who lights up the night better than all those fiery stars.
If I shake it up a little it will work, because every one of those letters is in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
Why, that is the first letter in my name.
Macbeth has come.
Macbeth is ripe for the picking.
Macbeth will never be defeated until Birnam Wood marches to fight you at Dunsinane Hill.
Macbeth!
If I had three ears, I would listen with all three.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and so is your noble son.
Conspiracies, fakery, betrayal, and disorder are all that is left until we die.
Crazy is what I am calling it, since how can you say what craziness is except to say that it is craziness?
Is he crazy with love for you?
What does she say, madam interpreter?
Madam wife, they say I have been dreaming or asleep for more than fifteen years.
Be careful mother, madam, and think about your son, the young prince.
You talk to him.
Madam, keep up hope.
Good night, madam.
Madam, good night.
He is married to Octavia, madam.
Madam, he is well.
My master is coming.
Here comes your husband.
His majesty asks for you, and for you, Duke of Gloucester, and for you, my noble lords.
Madam, how are you liking this play?
Madam, I am here.
I accept that offer happily, madam.
Madam, I am not well.
I have come here to try to make you like him.
I will go as fast as I can, madam.
Madam, I would rather sew my lips shut than tell a lie when my life depends upon it.
Ma'am, I would prefer that your lady Goneril does not love her husband.
Madam, I am a bit like you in that I cannot tolerate a tone of disapproval.
Madam, I heard her speak.
I hope not, Madam.
I will, madam.
No problem, madam.
Madam, I will.
I hope so, Madam.
Madam, I should leave now.
If you can find a man to deliver the poison, I will mix it myself so that Romeo will sleep quietly soon after he drinks it.
Please tell me quickly, what day is that?
In Rome, Madam.
Madam, some actors happened to cross our paths on the way here.
Madam, madam, Antony is dead!
No, madam.
No, not yet.
Madam, you are a good Empress!
He is still sleeping, ma'am.
If I do as well as I think I am going to do in these dangerous, violent wars, you and your relatives will have more good hands
Madam, Count Orsino's young messenger has returned.
Madam, there is a young gentleman at the gate who really wants to speak to you.
Now, madam, undress and come to bed.
What should I do?
I love you with all my heart.
I love you with all my heart.
Yes, making a big fuss.
The Prince, the Count, Signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gentlemen of the town have come to bring you to church.
Madam, that young man out there says he has to speak to you.
You have treated me badly, very badly.
You have to go to your uncle’s.
Your mother wants to talk to you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Did I work to make him king for this?
Made it for me?
She did not ask anything?
I made you de facto rulers of my kingdom on condition that I could keep a hundred knights of my own.
You did not do anything else to earn this punishment.
Is it a beggar?
You are wrong, you madman.
What a spoiled little brat.
Make a bug show of mourning for her, hang sad epitaphs up at your family’s tomb.
Make your confession short.
Raise all the money you can.
C’mon, make an effort.
Go forward.
Let’s give them room.
Hurry up, I say.
Hurry up, or I will smack you on the ears with my sword before you have yours drawn.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Hurry up.
She is crying.
Make him think you are Sir Topas the priest.
Make it a word and a blow.
Not tonight.
Make sure everyone knows that.
From that cabin I would call out to my soul.
Do not insult me with your distrust.
Show me, or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt.
Do not compare a woman’s love for a man with my love for Olivia.
Do not delay.
Be quiet, be quiet.
Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
How do you know?
If you close the doors on a woman's wit, it will fly out the window.
Ask me any commonsense question.
I am going to make you rich.
Make sure the ones who have wronged you suffer too.
Make your eyes jump out of their sockets, and your hair stand on end like porcupine quills.
Make us your agents of revenge, so we can praise you when we are victorious.
Let’s proceed on our march to Birnam.
Stop fooling around.
Make the best use of this information you can.
Make your boasts come true, and I will be thrilled.
Are you sitting around in this humiliation to amuse yourself?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, have run away and fled, which makes them the prime suspects.
Malcolm!
Malvolio is coming down the path.
Many men have sold their souls just to view my shiny surface.
Many men would take you literally and take off with all this money.
He has been seen there many mornings crying tears that add drops to the morning dew and making a cloudy day cloudier with his sighs.
Good morning, my noble lord.
They have made many raids upon Italy, and the naval patrols go pale at even the thought of resisting them.
Many times, madam.
Many people faint when they see blood.
March to meet him at a dignified pace.
Even if we do not fight foreign enemies, we will beat down these rebels at home.
March to the bridge.
Is Marcus Luccicos in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius will go by sea.
She said if she were interested in someone, it would be someone who looked like me.
Maria!
I served Mark Antony, who was the commander most worthy of my services.
Mark Antony is at dinner in Egypt and will not be going outside to make war.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I am not well, and to please you I will stay at home.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, take Caesar’s body.
Mark Antony, should we give the signal to attack?
Keep an eye on him.
Think about that, and about what followed.
He is trembling in his fit.
Listen to what the tyrant says.
Listen up, uncle.
Listen to me.
Listen to this.
Pay attention to the music.
Pay attention to Metellus Cimber.
Go immediately, and do exactly as I wrote down.
Listen to this, King: as soon as we sent those Irish soldiers running for cover, the Norwegian king saw his chance to attack us with fresh
Did you notice how the queen’s guilty relatives turned pale when they heard about Clarence’s death?
Let them marry your children.
It is enough.
Certainly, I did.
Sure thing, we will do it tomorrow morning.
And look how he has repaid poor Clarence for his loyalty—penned him up like a pig being fattened for slaughter.
Oh, and then at the very next turn, do not turn left or right, but turn down and around to the Jew's house.
Indeed, before he fell down, when he realized the commoners were glad he refused the crown, he pulled open his robe and offered them his
I admit that in front of you, my lady, she keeps a bit quiet.
Curse my hand if it ever threatened an old man like you.
Come on, you are being ridiculous.
I do, sir, and I have come to let you in on a certain problem.
To tell the truth, though, I think the duke has not lost a single man, except for one who will probably be executed for robbing
God forbid he says no to us.
God forbid!
Why, he told me so himself, and he said he did not care who knew it.
I hope that is not true.
God forbid!
A wise man and a fool.
This is all quite pleasant.
Indeed, I remember it well.
Because I saw your niece Olivia treat the count’s messenger better than she has ever treated me.
Alright, I will.
I would not do it for a nice ring, or fine linen, or pretty gowns or petticoats or hats.
Then I will tell you.
As a matter of fact, if the playwright had played Pyramus and hanged himself with Thisbe’s belt, it would have
Your brother’s right-hand man.
Indeed, my child, at Saint Peter’s Church early Thursday morning, the gallant, young gentleman Count Paris will happily make you a
My uncle Clarence’s angry ghost.
Indeed, my lord.
But oops, when I let go of your hand, I let go of the biggest joke of all.
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
He won it from me once before in a dishonest game of dice.
Stay calm, and do not get carried away by rage, or I will think you are not a man.
It means peace and love and a quiet life, supremacy based on reverence and profound respect, and everything that is sweet and happy.
I am helping. Indeed, sir, find something better to do and get lost for a while.
Yes, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
I will tell you: it is because of a law as plain as Father Time’s bald head.
Because you gave me something for nothing.
Her bottom.
Well then, sing a lullaby to your generosity. It will nap until I come back.
The only thing I could do with her is to use all that oil as fuel in a lamp and then use that light to run away.
Well, they have lied; moreover, they have said things that were not true; secondarily, they are slanderers; thirdly,
My friends praise me and make me look like an idiot, while my enemies tell me straightforwardly that I am an idiot.
To invite my former boss, the Jew, to dine tonight with my new master, the Christian.
To find a husband for her sister.
Honestly, sir, we say that we are not criminals.
With a needle and thread.
Indeed, the enemy nearly took the bridge, but he was forced to retreat, and the duke of Exeter holds the bridge.
Sir, that would be me and my partner.
Indeed, Hero herself can!
That Don John had given him a thousand pieces of gold for wrongfully accusing the Lady Hero.
Indeed, you would be out if I were your mistress. If my chastity is worth as much as my wit.
That one, I think, is young Petruchio.
Indeed, they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw on a crust of bread when he was two hours old.
This means we are having some mischievous fun.
Indeed, sir, it is.
You have wronged me, you liar.
The court has sent for us.
That is a good point.
Excellent, very good.
I will, sir.
You can hope your father is not your real father.
I sneeze on your manhood.
But their trick failed.
What marvelous music!
Come to think of it, I thought I felt a scab there.
Right, and well said.
Master Constable, you are going about this all wrong.
Master Fer!
Master Malvolio?
Young man, how do I get to the Jew’s?
Excuse me, young man, how do I get to the Jew’s residence?
I will bet we are both thinking the same thing, master.
Go on, master, and I will follow you.
Here is the money you wanted, master.
Master, I am all tied up for you.
Master, if you eat with her, bring long silverware.
Master, is this Satan’s mistress?
Master, knock hard upon the door.
Oh, Master, master, look!
Master, master!
Master, do you really mean that?
Master, should I watch the door?
Maybe it is a parade to welcome us to town.
I feel better already, and I know there is more good advice.
Gentlemen, let go of him.
We love you.
We are probably a very valuable catch for these guys.
I will pay you for your trouble.
Two or three more lords and ladies have been married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, and Ginn.
Why don't you have a seat, your highness?
Will your Majesty grant us permission to freely express the message we have been asked to convey?
Can a man do it?
Maybe she is just pretending.
Are these spirits we see before us?
Can you tell me?
I would not dream of opposing such an obviously promising idea.
Can I justifiably and in good conscience make this claim?
Do you think it would work?
Can I say something?
Can a person be forgiven and still keep the fruits of his crime?
Can she give that away?
Can we go?
Can we do that?
Antonio will guarantee it.
Maybe he is not feeling well.
I think they want him to go home and appoint Cassio governor in his place.
Make me believe it?
Everybody knows I am a nice piece of flesh.
Me, a penny?
My library was large enough for me.
Me, uncle?
Do you mean the king?
Are you trying to sleep with him?
In the meantime, hold on and be patient.
We are the ones who need you.
I wrote to Romeo and told him to come here on this awful night to help remove her from her temporary grave when the sleeping potion wore off.
Thank you for your efforts.
In the meantime, think about how I can do you good and give you what you want.
Be patient.
Crude slaves with greasy aprons, rulers, and hammers shall lift us up so everyone can see.
Meet me and Gratiano at his house in about an hour.
Meet me in a little while at the citadel.
Meet me at the palace as soon as possible.
May Egypt drown in the Nile and all good creatures turn into poisonous snakes.
Men can be masters of their fate.
Men may sleep, and when they do they may have their throats cut with them, and some people say knives have blades.
Men should not go out walking too late.
Men act imprudently sometimes, then realize their mistakes when they have time to think about them.
If they are not honest, they shouldn't look like they are.
Men who risk everything hope to make profits.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run in the streets as though it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to see things, so let them watch.
Menas, I am not going back on shore.
Fix your example, shepherd.
Become a better person.
Revise your statement, or you may damage your inheritance.
Mend with me, you impertinent fellow.
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers, keep away the nightmares that plague me when I rest.
Mercutio, you hang out with Romeo.
It is Mercutio’s relative, Count Paris.
Showing mercy by pardoning killers only causes more murders.
Mercy, mercy!
His military understanding is all theory, no practice.
I think a few members of the court should fetch the young prince from Wales and bring him to London to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have received these letters explaining that young Octavius and Mark Antony are rushing toward Philippi with a mighty power.
Messala, today is my birthday. I was born on this very day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
He acts like a man in love.
I do not believe it.
I do not think there is anywhere I would rather die than in the king’s company, as his cause is just and honorable.
I think I do.
Perhaps I have a desire for a bundle of hay.
I think I hear Antony call me.
I think I see my cousin Tybalt’s ghost.
Now that you are down there, you look like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb.
I feel I should recognize you and that man.
To me it looks like a weasel.
Seriously, I think our clothes are as fresh now as they were the day we put them on in Africa.
I do not think a ridiculous Pyramus like that deserves much moaning.
Sometimes I think I am smarter than average.
The ground feels flat to me.
A big blast of wind shook our fortifications.
I think this country is so kind that if it weren’t for
It seems to me that your voice has changed, and that your speech is more elegant than it used to be.
I think you are my mirror, not my brother.
I think you have been frowning too much recently.
I think you are more articulate.
I should think that your appetite would act like a clock and bring you home on its own, without the need for a messenger.
I do not think you have much of a reason to love me.
It wouldn’t let my soul find its way to air but smothered it inside my gasping body.
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more!
It was worse than being held in chains.
I thought the clouds were talking to me, the winds were singing to me, and the thunder, like an awful organ pipe, roared Prospero
I dreamed the souls of the people Richard murdered came to my tent and promised me victory.
I saw a thousand shipwrecks, a thousand men whom fish had gnawed to the bone, huge anchors, chunks of gold, and
I thought I had escaped from the Tower and was on a ship to France with my brother Richard, who persuaded me to walk on deck with him
Michael Cassio, lieutenant of the Moor Othello, has arrived on shore.
Goodnight, Michael.
Our shipwreck has made more women widows in Milan and Naples than there are survivors to comfort them.
It is mine, sir.
You are not responsible for my death and my father’s, and I am not responsible for yours.
My ear must pull it out.
Why did you leave me alone so unkindly?
The sight made me so sick I couldn’t watch any more.
My eyes itch. Is that an omen that I will be crying soon?
My honor was not given; it was only dominated.
My songbird, we have beaten them to their beds.
I will cry my tears for Romeo’s banishment when their tears are dry.
My letters say only seventy senators were killed, one being Cicero.
Mine wasn't wearing a bridle.
I would feel sorry for them, if I were human.
My fortune is to go drunk to bed.
The law is on my side.
You lying brat.
Whore, your lover is dead now, and you will be going to hell soon.
Miranda, I have disobeyed you by telling him that.
Scum!
Miserable England, I foresee for you the most frightening time you have ever experienced.
In emergencies, you meet the strangest people.
Do not misunderstand me, sir.
I am not really Litio.
Mistress and master, you have often asked about that lovelorn shepherd you once saw me sitting with, the one who complained about the disdainful
Mistress, think about your end. Do not be afraid of your death.
Mistress, both the man and his master are possessed.
Please hurry as fast as you can to get out of my court.
What is that supposed to mean?
Mistress, you know about that.
Mistress, I swear on my life that it is true.
Yes, ma'am, we have.
Cheer up.
Mistress, you have to go see your father.
Mistress, your father requests that you leave your books and come help decorate your sister’s room.
Madam!
Mistress!
The muffled queen is good.
Do not joke about this, Enobarbus.
He is called Modo and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
You gave money to me?
You are asking for money.
Mister Challenger, the princess wants to speak to you.
Come here, monster, put some glue on your fingers, and carry away the rest of these clothes for us.
Monster, I smell like horse piss, which is making my nose upset.
Monster, I will kill this man.
Monster, use your fingers.
Hey monster, the spirit you have been talking about, the one you call harmless, has been playing tricks on us.
Monstrous!
Give me the letter.
Montjoy.
Are you in a bad mood?
By the moon and stars.
Monster sweetie, be a good monster and speak once.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
We need more help.
There is more knocking.
More and more light.
More and more pain for us.
Here is more insanity for us.
We will discuss this later.
I cannot tell you anything else.
It is a shame that we eagles are caged up while the vultures are free to do whatever they please.
They will tell me more, because I am determined to know the worst about what is going to happen.
I am awkward in my speech and I am not a smooth talker.
It never occurred to me to imagine there was anything more to know.
Flies are healthier and more honorable and better suited for romance than Romeo.
That makes you an even bigger villain. Well, throw him out, and have my officers seize his house and lands.
I will do more, though nothing I can do is any good since this remorse comes after the crime. I am asking for pardon.
It is even stranger when an angel is so angry.
Another thing, Domitius: Antony wants to see you now.
More, please, more.
More, more, please, more.
I have wanted to see you for a long time now, but I sent for you so hastily because I need your help.
He has left you all his private gardens and newly planted orchards on this side of the Tiber River.
There was no limit to what his lustful eye and savage heart would prey on.
The Bishop of Ely has fled to Richmond and Buckingham, backed by a hardy Welsh army, is on the march.
Most powerful lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
If you are the lady of the house, then it is true that you are stealing your role.
Yes, it is true.
It is undeniable.
It is certain.
Absolutely.
The whole time.
Cruel, cruel Death killed her.
Oh, beautiful and accomplished lady, may the heavens rain odors upon you.
Dear Duke, please listen to what I have to say.
Most formidable Queen!
What good luck!
I beg the court to deliver the verdict.
Ungodly and monstrous!
It is a very sad day.
I have to stop you, Cimber.
Most kind messenger, tell great Caesar that through his deputy I kiss his conquering hand.
What a wise judge!
Yes, in a gentlemanly way.
Very much so.
It is proper that we speak first, which is why we sent our proposals ahead of us for your consideration.
Most mighty Caesar, give me some reason so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them so.
Mighty Duke, look here and see a man who has been treated most terribly.
Mighty Duke, please allow me to say something.
Most mighty sovereign, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
You would be committing a wicked sin by chiding other people for sinning, because you yourself have been a terrible sinner. You have been
This is the most miserable hour of all time.
Let Octavia dig up your face with her nails.
That is monstrous!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Have you heard of me?
Most noble sir, stand up.
What stunning, exquisite, and unmatchable beauty. Please tell me if you are the lady of the house, because I have never seen her
Do you recognize my voice, noble lord?
What a righteous judge!
Your highness, I want nothing more than what you have already offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance has escaped.
That is uncivilized and unnatural.
You worthless man!
He did very sincerely.
Certainly.
The most sweet lady I have ever met.
Yes!
It is absolutely true, so take good care of it.
He looks like a pathetic Sunday school teacher.
Welcome back!
How unbelievable!
Motley is the only thing to wear.
Driven?
Fast and pray to stave off temptations.
I sincerely hope it does you good, mangy rascal.
The empire may be in danger if he is not restrained before he reaches his full potential.
That will tell you a lot.
I must hide in the darkness for awhile.
Okay, just stay quiet.
Murder and treason!
His most horrible murder.
Murder, murder!
Murderer!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius have been punished for pulling scarves off statues of Caesar.
There is music coming out of thin air.
Play the kind of music that puts people to sleep.
Music, listen!
Music!
Music feeds the melancholy moods of us lovers.
Should I bite?
Shouldn’t she accept that?
Isn’t there any other rite you can perform?
Mustardseed.
A civil war erupts, kings are betrayed, and the bond between father and son snaps.
Mutton?
My love is humble.
My arm is sore.
My children would have enjoyed a better life if God had blessed you with a purer life.
My head is pounding.
This last course is for closing up the stomach after great feasting.
Caesar, what did my stay in Egypt have to do with you?
Please, Leonardo, think about this. I will do my best.
The best thing to do is crawl under his cloak.
I couldn't pay my debt to the Jew on the due date.
My bones want to rest after helping me up to this hour.
I will take comfort in my books and music, reading and practicing my instruments.
I have to ask you, as a favor, not to let on that you recognize me until the time is right.
My generosity to you is as limitless as the sea, and my love is as deep.
Good spirit!
This is unbelievable!
My brother, your uncle Antonio, just listen to this.
My brother Gloucester’s voice?
My brother has a daughter who looks exactly like Hero; this girl is heir to both our estates.
My brother is in heaven.
But his punishment was bitter death.
My brother did not use my name to justify his rebellion.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my own anger made me do it.
My brother’s servants used to be my equals.
All I can hope for now is a share of the feast.
The only thing I have been entrusted with was getting you from the market and bringing you to your house, the Phoenix, for lunch.
How dare you talk about kindness or shame.
My spells are working well, my spirits are obeying me, and everything is on schedule.
I will break my spells and bring them back to their senses, and they will feel like themselves again.
My daughter is still very young.
My child is my reason for living, wake up, look up, or I will die with you.
They killed my children.
My clerk has some comforting news for you.
My comfort is that old age, that poor preserver of beauty, can't make my face any worse than it already is.
By his dress, I can tell he is my countryman, but I do not recognize him.
My countrymen, silence!
My cousin is Signior Benedick of Padua.
Look, my cousin is whispering to Claudio that she loves him.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin is a fool, and you are too.
My creditors are getting mean.
I curse her.
My dagger, little nephew?
My daughter married death.
My daughter told me everything.
It is my daughter.
I believe it.
My dear lord, you know how stubborn the duke is.
My dear master, my captain, my sovereign, let me say before I strike this fatal blow: farewell.
My darling Othello!
My dear sister.
Tybalt was my dearest cousin.
My dearest relative, I am begging you to pull yourself together.
My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.
One smile from him would repair my decayed beauty.
I take all responsibility for my decisions.
I am just wandering, with no particular destination.
In my desperate situation, I have to act alone.
My door is locked.
I bet I have been wrong about myself all this time.
I couldn't bear to obey all of your daughters' harsh orders.
It is my duty to be quiet.
Great kings of France and England, I owe you both equal service and loyalty.
I give you my obedience and my humble service, madam.
My money is almost run out.
My noble kinsman, welcome.
My good old friends!
I will smear my face with filth, put on a loincloth, make my hair matted and tangled, and face the bad weather
My fair Bianca, bid my father welcome, while I with equal affection welcome yours.
My beautiful Rosalind, I am only an hour late.
We have to act fast, my lord of the fairies.
My falcon is now hungry and unfed and must not be given enough to eat until she comes to me.
Give me my fan, Peter.
My father instructed you in his will to give me a good education.
My father and mother were married when the demonic moon was descending, and I was born under the Big Dipper, so it is inevitable that I
My father is dead, and his fortune is mine now.
My father had a daughter who loved a man in the same way that I would love you if I were a woman.
My father is studying hard, so he will not see you.
No matter what you say, my father is not dead.
My father loved Sir Rowland as much as he loved his own soul, and the rest of the world shared my father’s opinion.
My father was not a traitor.
Father is on the lookout.
My father, I think I see my father.
My father, led by a poor peasant?
My father-in-law lives closer to the marketplace.
By my father’s death, your life has dishonored him.
The death of my father, my physical weakness, the loss of all my friends, the threats of this man who has taken me prisoner.
If he has my father’s love, then that is enough honor for me.
My father’s ghost—armed!
Pardon my crime, sovereign, but not my person.
There is a fool sharing my bed now.
My friend, your husband, the honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me as much, and I knew it, too.
My Cesario?
My friends, listen.
My good friends, I will see you tomorrow.
Eros, your captain is now just like that cloud.
Hello, sir.
My good lords, I plan to.
My noble king, my friends have informed me that Sir Edward Courtney and his brother, the haughty Bishop of Exeter, are now in
My gracious king.
My grandmother told me he was murdered there.
Her curses have made my hair stand on end.
I am sorry about your daughter’s death, but I swear our accusations were true, and backed up with proof.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
My heart adores him, even though my tongue curses him.
You interpret my words in a melancholy sense, my hearty friends.
My lord!
The hour has almost come when I have to return to the horrible flames of purgatory.
The Phoenix is my home.
My husband is alive on earth, my vows of marriage are in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, and my sons' fortunes have been tossed up and down, leaving me to rejoice over their victories
My husband said she was unfaithful.
Will you be my husband?
My husband.
My husband?
My husband.
My trusty servant, Ariel.
The things I am saying are fair and honest.
My friend Antonio, all I can say is thank you.
My lady told me to tell you that while she lets you stay at her house because you are a relative, she does not approve of your behavior
My lady ordered me to deliver her letter.
It is his wife, Lady Grey, who got him to do this.
My girlfriend has beautiful white hands, and great warriors aren't. Ha, ha!
My lady Olivia is inside, sir.
Lady Olivia will have you executed for not showing up.
My lady would never want to lose him.
She speaks my language.
Please explain to us the legal and religious grounds for why this French Salic law either should or shouldn’t bar me in my claim.
My leg has been cut in two.
I have time for you now, my sad daughter.
My letters say there are a hundred and seven ships.
My freedom.
Sir and madam, to make grand speeches about what majesty is, what service is, or why day is day, night is night, and
My liege, this man is a villain and a traitor, who has struck the glove which your Majesty took from Alençon.
My lord, I know what I am saying.
My king, they have not come back yet.
My liege, this was my glove.
Before you make a mistake, please help me out.
My liege.
My life has run its course.
I would bet my life that you have fallen in love with someone.
Iago, I am leaving my dear Desdemona with you.
I would rather they killed me than have to live without your love.
I will not live long enough, and all my efforts will fail me.
Killed?
Look, my little spirit is sitting in a foggy cloud waiting for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
Now we can shout, “Congratulations, congratulations, my lord and lady!” My Lord Bassanio, and my dear lady,
My lord loves you.
Like I said, when she tasted the bitter wormwood on my nipple, the pretty little babe got irritated and started to quarrel with my breast.
Here comes my lord.
Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who asked for it, and deserved it too.
Let him have the ring.
Bassanio, we will say goodbye for now, since you have found Antonio.
My Lord Constable, are those stars or suns I saw on the armor in your tent tonight?
My Lord High Constable, the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My husband is dead.
If his face changed as much as his personality has, I would not recognize him.
My husband is often like this, and he has been since he was a child.
My lord, I will do it right away.
My lord, the ruler of Burgundy, I will speak to you first.
My Lord of Cambridge and my good Lord of Masham and you, my noble knight, what do you think?
Lord Gloucester has helped him leave.
My lord of Gloucester, I have suffered your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness toward me for too long.
My Lord of Norfolk, you are the most gracious king.
My lord of Orléans, and my lord high Constable, are you talking about horses and armor?
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, and you, Sir Walter Herbert, are going to stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen at a close distance.
My Lord of Warwick, a most corrupt treason—God be praised for it!—has been discovered.
My lord Sebastian, even though what you say is true, your way of saying it is tactless and comes at the wrong time.
My husband will never get a moment’s rest, I will keep him up at night talking about you until he runs out.
Yes, what time is it?
As far as I know, sir.
Yes, from top to bottom.
My lord, good morning.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he just left here.
My lord, Hamlet is going to his mother’s room.
My lord, His Majesty wanted me to tell you that he has placed a large bet on you.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I will help you, even if it means I have to stay awake for ten nights straight.
Sir, we came to see your father’s funeral.
I cannot, my lord.
My lord, I would like to have the gift you promised me on your honor: the earldom of Hereford, and all the possessions that
That is what I thought too, sir.
I did, sir, but it did not answer me.
My lord, I do not think I cried out.
My lord, I swear to you. Do not swear.
My lord, I have thought over the request you just made of me.
My lord, I have news for you.
My lord, I have some mementos of you that I have been meaning to give back to you for a long time now.
Yes, sir.
My lord, my life is as important to me as yours is to you, and it was never as precious to me as it is now.
My lord, I do not know what is going on, but it seems to me that your highness is not being treated as politely as before
My lord, what I say may be a little confused, since I am half asleep and half awake.
My lord, I will say goodbye now.
Sir, I think I saw him last night.
Convince him that he has been out of his mind. When he says he is out of his mind, I promise we will play our parts
My lord, I will not miss it.
My lord, I will give them all they deserve.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
Everyone thought it would pass then, and it probably would have had it not been for the great civil unrest and uncertainty of the time.
He is in Athens, my lord.
Mark Antony heard that you were preparing to wage war on him.
My lord, most humbly on bended knee, I beg you to grant me the leading of the vanguard.
My lord, my lord, I do not want to hear any more about it.
I will beat him despite his fancy fencing techniques and all the practicing he does, despite his youth and manliness.
Sir, sir!
But that would ruin his reputation.
Buckingham himself has wandered away alone to who knows where.
My lord, the enemy has already passed the marsh.
My lord, when I first saw him, I thought he was your daughter’s brother.
My lord, the mayor of London is here to greet you.
My lord, the queen wants to speak with you right away.
My lord, that dirty clown whom you laughed at so often is also missing.
My lord, you do not need to apologize.
My lord, they are waiting for you to give your daughter away to Claudio.
My lord, no one will believe this in Venice, even though I would swear I saw it with my own eyes.
On the platform where we stand guard, sir.
My lord, we were sent for.
We will not, sir.
My lord, what do you want?
My lord, when I arrived at their home, I gave them your letter.
For God’s sake, my lord, let’s be sure to be part of the group that meets the prince.
My lord, you know I am your friend.
Do not ask why.
My lord, you used to like me.
Lord Hastings, will you accompany me?
My lord, your noble subjects are looking for you all over the camp.
My lord, your promise of the earldom of Richmond.
My lord!
My lord?
Excuse me?
Excuse me, my lord?
My lord?
Yes, my lord.
My lord.
I love him even when he is harsh and mean. Please help me unpin this, would you?
I am at your service.
You are my love, my love, I think.
My love, my life, my soul, beautiful Helena.
Until you get back, Nerissa and I will live like virgins and widows.
My master is calling me.
My master has instructed me to go to Saint Luke's to tell the priest to be ready in case you should show up with your better half.
My master is being difficult.
My master is the great and rich Capulet, and if you do not belong to the house of Montague, please come and drink a cup
My master is standing out in the street.
My master will be here in the morning.
My master and my lord.
It is my master who is not getting the reward he deserves, not me.
My master is a total Jew.
My master’s decision.
My master’s house.
Are you all crazy?
My message is not for anyone else to hear, my lady.
It is my men who should call me "lord." I am your man, your fellow.
My spirit has been as proud as each of you, my courage as great, and my reason perhaps even better suited to bandy words.
I changed my mind.
My thoughts were never on money.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
My mistress is murdered in her bed.
My mistress showed me you in the moon and your dog and your bush.
My mistress Titania is in love with a monster.
You will be my wife, dearest, and I will serve you forever.
My mistress,” I said.
I have spent most of my money, and tonight I got beaten up.
My personal motivation, and that which should move you most to sanction my departure, is that Fulvia is dead.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear sir!
The brilliant Sir Topas!
My God!
I have my naked sword out.
My name is Edgar, and I am your father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
You lie, you disgusting tyrant.
My belongings are on the ship already.
I should have waited to tell you my news.
Then you can hear my news, as dessert.
My niece already thinks he is insane.
My granddaughter, with her kind aunt, the duchess of Gloucester, leading her by the hand.
My niece Olivia will notice, and let me tell you, no matchmaker can get you a woman faster than a reputation for courage.
My noble brother!
Father, this is not easy for me.
My gallant girls!
My noble lord, what is it, Iago?
My noble lords and relatives, good morning.
My noble uncle, do you know why he acts this way?
My baby hawk?
My old bones are tired.
My old brain is troubled.
If it is not my old friend Grumio, and my dear friend Petruchio.
You are my other self, my prophet, my dear brother.
My own flesh and blood turned against me.
My good qualities, my legal status as Desdemona’s husband, and my innocence will protect me.
They will consider you and Jessica masters of this house in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My forces are growing, and everything I know tells me it is all coming together.
My prayers, you hussy.
Control yourself, my precious Queen, and concede that my love is true.
Right now, my pressing business calls me away.
My pretty children, both of you misunderstand me.
Yes, that is the idea.
My plans take me a roundabout way.
My dear clever Ariel, listen carefully.
My Queen and Eros have by their brave example beaten me to the history books.
Regan gives good advice.
All I have to do is remove it.
I can't remember anything I have ever done to offend anyone.
Oh, my reputation, Iago, my reputation!
I will trust my determination and my hands, but none of Caesar’s men.
There is nothing of the weak woman left in me.
My royal kinsman, are you teaching our princess English?
My royal lord, you are not entertaining the guests.
That was when I was young and inexperienced and did not know what passion was.
My servant!
I am very pleased to meet you, my lord.
The services I have done for the Venetian government will count for more than his complaints will.
My ships will come home a month before the money is due.
I feel sicker and sicker.
My eyesight has always been bad.
My sister would be much more offended to have her trusted messenger abused and assaulted just for carrying out her orders.
I was reminded of my son, even though I despised my son.
In my soul, I believe Hero has been falsely accused.
My soul is full of sorrow.
I am feeling very low, and I need to sleep.
My soul will keep you company on the way to heaven.
My soul and not my child.
Please pardon our brother Clarence.
I am wide awake.
My strength is all gone, as if in a dream.
My stomach is a little upset.
My strange self-delusions come from inexperience.
I am going to ask her to let me talk to Desdemona.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet darling cries when she sees me work and tells me that such a wonderful man has never performed such lowly tasks before.
I have drawn my sword.
I want my sword.
Where is my notebook? It is a good idea for me to write down that one can smile and smile, and be a villain.
My story does raise that question.
It will be my job to talk about how Benedick is sick with love for Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, I name you all earls, the first earls that Scotland has ever had.
My words and thoughts will be at odds.
My uncle?
Even my hair revolts.
They have recorded my crimes, and I would rather die than have to retell this shameful story.
My wickedness?
My mask is like the roof of the poor.
My sword will speak for me.
I am speaking for the king, but I look like myself.
My voice is ragged.
I must go to his house and tell his wife that he came bursting into my place like a lunatic and stole my ring.
A hundred times.
My wife is coming.
My wife was killed too.
Sailors, sir.
My mind is confused.
I am starting to lose my mind.
I am losing this duel of wits.
I am coming in peace.
My words are dull.
My words would bounce her to my sweet love, and his words would bounce her back to me.
My worthy Cawdor!
My Lord, your noble friends miss your company.
My new master is expecting your approach.
I am too young to remember anything like it.
I myself am the King of Naples, since I saw with my own eyes—these eyes that haven’t been dry since my father was
Everything I am and everything I have now belongs to you.
I have received letters that say the same.
I have become an enemy to my own soldiers.
Let me destroy myself, let heaven and destiny deprive me of happy hours, let day remain dark and night sleepless, and let me have nothing
I myself am playing the man in the moon. That is the biggest mistake of all.
I ate with him and my sister.
Myself?
Naked in bed together, but without doing anything?
Call Cleopatra what the Romans call her.
Name him.
Tell us when you wish to get married, and may God give you joy.
Name them.
Tell me which part I am going to play, then go on.
Nathaniel’s coat was being fixed.
Your life is stretched to its limit.
Nature took Helen’s beauty, Cleopatra’s beauty, and Lucretia’s modesty.
Antony would easily outshine all imaginary beings.
I need people as trustworthy as you.
As wicked as I am, they were slaughtered because of me, not because of anything they did.
If you get what you want and you are still not happy, you have spent everything and gained nothing.
Wicked woman, these white hairs you are pulling off my chin will come to life and accuse you of wrong-doing.
Come on then.
Absolutely not.
No way, then, I will run.
I will get myself a fur-trimmed suit.
It is certain, Iras.
I do not care what he told you in Latin.
No, my lord, it has been four months.
If I told you I understood Greek, I would be lying.
If there were two men like you, there would be none because the two of you would kill each other.
No, if you cannot adjust to political changes, you will suffer for it.
Since you are a lying hypocrite, we must look after you.
If you are ever late like this again, I will refuse to see you.
If you do not, then I am out of here.
Yes, I want it, and I will get it.
No, most likely.
You mean however they dare.
Do not be ashamed, Cleopatra.
No, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she has been wronged, she has been slandered, she has been ruined.
But he kept chattering so foolishly, talking about you in such insulting and despicable terms that it was hard for me to restrain myself.
No, listen to me.
Indeed, his mocking spirit has now crawled into a serious situation. Truly, it all adds up to a serious story for Benedick.
Yes, but how he adores Mark Antony!
Okay, but tonight does not count.
I know who loves him.
Did it really work?
No, you have to swear.
Damn you for mocking me.
No, our general’s infatuation is out of control.
No, who are you talking about?
Please wait.
No, by our Lady, I am not such a fool to think what I please, and I do not please to think what I can,
I do not think he can.
No, by Saint Jamy, I will bet you a penny.
I have heard that the pyramids built by the Ptolemies are splendid.
No, come back, Kate.
No, come on, one more time.
Listen, please, give me the necklace.
Come with me, please.
Come on now, Kate.
Let’s go back to court together.
No, don’t pause, because I do.
Come on, do not quarrel with us, good old man.
I will see them safely married first and then hurry back to my master’s.
No, come on, do not make me play a woman.
If you need to, approach the subject of me. Tell them that when my mother became pregnant with the insatiable Edward, my noble father
No, keep going, old man; do not stop.
No, noble Romeo, you have to dance.
No gentlemen, do not get ready to go now.
Go.
Stay where you are.
No, good goose, do not bite me.
No, do not hit him.
No, Lysander.
No, my friends, do not please fate by giving it your sorrow as well.
No, my lord, your polite words are not to the point.
No, good Sir Toby.
Do not get wound up, my good man.
The guilty speak volumes even when they are silent.
If I had power, I would take world peace and throw it down to hell.
No, he has only a little beard.
If he had not, we would all be embarrassed to look at him.
He has rubbed himself with perfume.
No, Romeo will respond to the letter’s writer, telling him whether he accepts the challenge.
Just listen to him.
Listen to it, Antony.
Heaven knows.
Where have you come from?
Maybe you should ask, what will you do for a husband?
I can do anything!
No, I am sure it has, Volumnius.
The  Right.
I figure that once he has crippled me, I will beg by showing off my beatings.
Sir, please, do not be angry.
I do not care what their beliefs are.
No, not literally.
No, I have had my say.
I cannot offer her more than I have.
Hortensio and I have given you up.
I hope not.
I do not know.
I beg you to let me go.
No, I am begging you now, tell me who it is.
Please, just wait a minute.
No, I am telling you, put on this robe and beard.
I will never be aware of my own wit, until I break my shins on it.
It is wrong, and I am starting to realize I am being cheated.
I will.
No, wait.
I am coming, do not worry.
I will conjure him as if I were summoning a spirit.
No, I will walk right next to you, side by side.
No, I will help.
I will never believe a madman until I can see his brains.
If a moist palm isn’t a clear sign of promiscuity, then I cannot scratch my own ear.
You have more wild goose in one of your jokes than I have in five of mine.
If they try to lead us to harm, I will leave the dance floor at the next song.
If you are someone who gets into fights, I will fight with you.
No, if you struggle with me, just half an hour.
Even if you had your eyes, you still might not recognize me.
Yes, we get the idea.
No, it is true, or if it is not, I am a villain.
It looks that way.
Yes, go ahead and moan, because you killed the sweetest, most innocent woman who ever lived.
No, leave him alone.
Do not worry about me not swearing enough.
Let me say some good things about you while I am in the mood.
No, let them go.
No, let’s follow him.
Yes, probably, because I am staying for lunch.
No, the law goes further. If anyone born in Ephesus is seen in Syracuse’s marketplaces, or if anyone born in
Do not bother trying to intimidate me by putting your hand on your sword.
Not good ones, please.
No, not sure ones when we are talking about something unsure.
No, no, put your hat back on.
Do not throw any of it away.
No, do not press up against me.
No, follow him now, before he divulges the prank and ruins everything.
No, you should tell him to hold his hands.
You should send someone immediately.
No, she is worse: she is the devil’s mother, and she comes to us disguised as an easy wench.
No, stop.
No, go ahead and take my life.
No, he did not.
Taking you away from your new marriage would be like showing a child a new coat and not letting him wear it.
No, you will not.
No, that is the truth.
That is for sure.
Yes, that is for sure.
That is true.
Let’s go!
That is not how you are going to be.
That is true, that is very true.
The dust from your attending troops should have risen to heaven.
No, the man who cannot extol the virtues of my horse from dawn to dusk is not particularly clever.
No, they are busy and as excellent as ever.
Because then I would have to shed an ounce or two of your impudent blood.
She has no choice but to hate you, as you purchased her love with murder.
I guess you do not want it.
Well, you are a liar.
No, not at all. All right, all right.
So much for our plan.
No, you are just taunting me.
We came into the world as brother and brother, so now let’s enter hand in hand.
No, after you.
No, it was just a dream.
Very pale, sir.
We should not expect men to be perfect, or for them to be as polite as on the wedding day.
No, we will all go there to bring him.
No, we will sneak away at supper time, disguise ourselves with masks at my house, and come back in an hour.
Do not cry, kind Eros.
If I ever have to ask you for something that will put your luck to the test, it will be something difficult and terrible.
No, I think there is more to this than you are letting on.
No, you have to call me Rosalind.
No, you have to forget all that now.
No, we can just announce the actor’s name, and let his face show through the lion costume, and have him say something.
No, you do not need to worry about us, Lorenzo.
No, you were one of Gneius Pompey’s leftovers, which have somehow managed to avoid becoming the subject of vulgar gossip
It would be better to speak first and kiss only after you have run out of things to say.
None of these deranged rascals can shake me from my profession.
If she is lying, I pray that I never sleep again at night or wake up during the day.
Very near, and approaching fast.
“Nearest his heart.” Those are the words.
I can see in your eyes that you are starving.
Do you need my help?
Your request came at a time when the poisonous effects of reveling caused me to be unaware of my own actions.
Neighbors and friends, though we do not have anyone for the bride and bridegroom’s places at the table.
Neighbors, hello.
I cannot enjoy either of them as long as the other one is alive.
Neither good nor bad.
Neither my husband nor the slave has returned, even though I sent the slave off running.
Neither rhyme nor reason can express how much I love her.
I will not confess it to you nor to anyone else, because there was no one else to witness her speech.
I am neither, my lord.
No.
Nerissa has the right idea.
Whenever a king sighs, everyone groans.
Anger does not protect the angry well.
Never a moment of peace.
Not for a second.
Poison never came from such a sweet place.
Let’s pray that we never come into conflict like that again.
No faithful subject has ever rejoiced more at the discovery of the most dangerous treason than I have.
I have never seen a creature with a human shape who was so eager to destroy a man.
Never apologize. When the actors are all dead, no one can be blamed.
Do not worry about that.
Poison never landed on such an ugly toad.
Never.
Their bodies may remain here in England, but their hearts are encamped on the fields of France.
Do not even think about refusing.
Do not tell anyone what you have seen tonight.
Nobody ever set a gem like her in a worse setting than gold.
Do not talk to me.
I have never seen him like this.
You swear never to mention what you have seen.
Never trust me again if I do not.
There never was a monarch better feared and loved than yourself, your Majesty.
There has never been so black a day as today.
I never revealed myself to him until half an hour ago, when I was in my armor.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
No, my lord.
If arguing makes us sweat, the real trial will turn that water to blood.
Never.
Do you have news from Verona?
I have had news that my Nell died of the pox in a hospice.
Good news, friends.
I have news, boys, the war is over!
I have news, ma'am.
I have news from Rome, my good lord.
I have news, old news such as you have never heard before.
Next month he will stay with us.
Cleopatra recognizes your greatness and accepts your authority.
Niece, will you take care of those things I mentioned?
He did not ask questions, but answered ours at length.
I cannot see ahead of me.
Night is over, and day is coming.
Nine or ten times I wanted to stab him in the ribs.
That is “Ninus’s grave,” man.
He is not a “master,” sir, he is just a poor man’s son.
Even the fiercest wild animal has a touch of pity.
He is not better than mine.
We are not invading England out of ambition or greed, but out of love for my father.
No more foolish talk.
I had no reason, no reason.
Hero is his only child, and his only heir.
It has no fighting spirit.
Refusing to fight him at sea will not disgrace you.
There is no doubt that Petruchio has got quite a catch.
No doubt the murderous knife was blunt till it was sharpened on your stony heart.
It will, my liege, if each man does his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
No epilogue, please.
When an evil thing has been lost, no one cries.
No eyes in your head until there is money in your wallet.
Just to the Tower, I am guessing, for the same reason you are: to salute the noble princes who are staying there.
You cannot go any further with us, sir.
I cannot go any further, sir.
You did not want to go then.
No other grave on earth shall hold a pair this famous.
No braver than this?
There was no harm, I am telling you.
There is no hope for you.
There is no jewel like Rosalind.
There is not a single protrusion in the castle walls where these birds have not built their hanging nests to sleep and breed.
I will be no king of England if I am not also king of France.
No man must know. What if this person were you, Malvolio?
No man must know. What comes after that?
No man born from a woman will ever defeat you.
No one's life should have been entrusted to them.
There would be no marriage.
It is no surprise they had a bad influence on him.
No wonder she is waiting to get married.
Clarence has arrived. I am not surprised it scared you, my lord.
There is no masquerade tonight.
It does not matter where, so long as it is not here.
It is all right since they left their food behind, and we are hungry.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can cure you.
Tonight we will wander through the streets and observe the people.
No money, I swear.
I will not be a soldier anymore.
There is nothing to get upset about.
No, nothing.
Now I am no more than a woman, ruled by the same lowly passion as the maid who milks and does the humblest chores.
Not a second more.
Enough of this frivolous talk.
No more talk about killing yourself.
No more of these thoughts.
Let’s not talk about it.
Perhaps you do not like mine, or his, or hers either.
No more than I do yours.
No more than my staying here in Rome might mean to you in Egypt.
Go announce that he will be executed, and tell Macbeth that Cawdor’s titles will be given to him.
No more than twenty-five.
Go ahead and say “Amen.” No more talking.
Enough, cousin.
Please do not tell me any more.
No more about that, please.
No more, no more.
Do not say anything else.
No more of this.
It will not last.
There is nothing else.
Oh, shut up.
You couldn't find out anything about them?
Be silent and go in.
There would be no work.
Not offensive at all.
No trouble, sir.
No one passing by?
There is no place I would rather die than here by Caesar, and no manner of death would please me more than being stabbed by you.
Every town and port is crawling with henchmen on the lookout for me.
Will no one back me up?
The humiliation is all mine.
That is no lie.
There would be no kingship. He wants to be king in a place with no kingship.
Not by the likes of you.
I do not see any Thisbe.
Give me the vial.
Isn’t there a guard around?
Gentleness is the only way to go.
No woman’s heart is big enough to hold all my love.
It would not surprise me, my lord.
I am not marvelous, sir, but I am certainly a maiden.
No words can express the pain.
Do not give it away.
Now there can only be the promise.
It is not as deep as a well, or as wide as a church door, but it is enough.
Just the weathervane moving.
No, I found it and gave it to my husband.
No, and she swears she never will.
No, Antony.
No, I am as honest as I am Christian.
No, I swear it.
No, not at all.
No, boy.
She dropped it carelessly, and, seizing the opportunity, since I was here, I picked it up.
No, but the barber’s assistant has been seen with him.
No, just to the gates of hell, where the devil will meet me, with the horns on his head like a cuckold.
No, I swear on my honor, I have not.
No, I swear by my life and soul.
Definitely not.
No, by no means.
No, I swear I am not.
By the light of heaven, no, I would not.
No, Caesar does not have epilepsy.
I will not.
No, Octavius Caesar, we will respond to their charge.
No, Cassio was not killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No, since you are old, you cannot guess, even if you were as dedicated a lover in your youth as there ever was.
No, cousin, I am going to Fife.
No, cousin, I am crying.
No, dear Queen.
No, lovely princess.
No, you will not die yourself, but only by proxy.
No, please do not hate him for my sake.
No, I will not stay a second longer.
No.
No, my cousin, I do not wish that even one man who is now in England were here instead.
No, not at all.
No, because we shouldn’t be doing that.
No, do not.
No thanks, my good mother.
No, great king.
He hasn’t?
No, he just gets reality completely wrong.
He is the smartest working-man in Athens.
No, he is an ordinary man who has a gentleman for a son, since someone would have to be crazy to let his son become a gentleman
No, he is in a place worse than hell.
No, I do not want to send your soul to hell when I kill you.
No.
No, I am a Welshman.
No, I have a commitment.
No, I do not know you, and my lady did not send me to get you, and I am not supposed to tell you to come
No, please, speak seriously.
No, I swear, I do not know what is in it.
I am not.
No, I am sure your Grace will not be able to persuade him to try a second round.
I said to my daughter, “Lord Hamlet is a prince, he is out of your league.
No, I will be patient.
No, I will go find some ditch to die in.
No, I will not give my medicine away to anyone but the sick.
No, I will not.
No, I will not cry any more.
Well, I will not.
Not if you go away, there is not.
No, not like before.
No, indeed, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, sir.
No, there it is again.
No, it is Casca, someone who is going to work with us.
It is not possible to love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it is just after twelve; I heard the clock strike.
My food, my fortune, my hope, my heaven on earth, and my entrance to heaven.
No, Kate?
No, son.
No, lady.
What part of the agreement did I break?
Then I will know exactly what she is, just as I know what I am.
No, I do not.
No, keep flattery for kissing the hands of those who can pay well.
No, he just smiles.
No, madam, I am just reading an insane letter.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, ma'am.
No, add a couple more syllables.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not me.
No, my dearest love, I would not cheat you for the whole world.
No, my dear cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord.
No, my lord, that was me.
No, my lord, I did not see anything.
No, my lord, not me.
No, my lord, unless I could have another husband for the work week.
No, my lord.
No, I do not, my lord.
No, he is not.
No, my noble lord.
No, madam.
No, no, with God’s help, his son will be king.
No, no, I cannot.
No, no, he is dead.
No, no, I am as ugly as a bear, since animals see me run away in terror.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they would not.
No, no, until it comes true we will pretend it was just a dream we had.
No, no.
No, I have not had lunch.
No, he did not get any by me.
No, none that you are smart enough to make.
How wonderful that she should be so fond of Signior Benedick, whom she has always appeared to hate.
Mine, neither.
You were born from a woman.
No, not a penny.
No, not at all.
No, not a bit.
No, let’s not swear an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for all of Venice.
No, not him, though his face is more handsome than any man, and his legs are prettier, and as for his hands and feet
No, not too upset.
No, villain, but you did not work alone.
No, not until we see a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I have not had anything to drink.
No, please good Meg, I will wear this one.
No, please, save it for dinner conversation.
No, please.
No, instead I will go to Benedick and advise him to fight his emotions.
No, afterward.
No, it is permanent.
I am ashamed to kiss, sir.
No, sir, I live by the church.
No, I said his horse is coming, with him on its back.
No, the legs and thighs.
No, sir, not at all.
No, sir, worse off.
No, sir.
Some of it is about my child’s father.
Honestly, I cannot.
Let Cupid judge how deep my love runs.
No, you cannot do that until you take her hand and, in front of this friar, swear to marry her.
No, vain illusion, so intricately bound up with a king’s rest.
No, nor could the devil’s name be more frightening.
No, your words are too precious to be wasted on dogs.
No, come to my cabin.
Bad friends were.
No, to the Whitefriars monastery.
No, I did not, but I did every night for the past year.
No, I do not, except as a friend.
Not really, for the truest poetry is the most artificial.
Not really, unless you were ugly.
Honestly, no.
No, really, I do not.
No sir, trust me, I do not.
It wasn’t the journey itself, uncle, but the troubles we encountered that made it wearisome and dull.
No, uncle, I will not be married.
Please help me unpin this.
First, let’s talk to him.
No, girl!
No, he means you will use makeup when you are old.
No, you will have to excuse me.
Men’s cheeks.
No.
Oh, really?
No?
No.
No, sit down.
No, it wasn't.
I do not.
No, absolutely not.
I did.
Noble Antony, even illness couldn’t keep me away.
Come on, noble captain.
Most noble man, will you die?
Nobody is coming?
No one is listening to you.
No one.
Bow to him, and curtsy to him.
No, none at all.
No one except her maid and a holy hermit.
There are only friends here.
Nobody but the fool, who is trying to soothe the wounds in the king’s heart with jokes.
Only really cruel people can be called deformed.
You cannot blame anyone for it, I say.
Nothing that you want to hear, my lord, but nothing so bad that I can't mention it.
I do not know him.
These cowards manage to make fools of brave men.
Nothing that I know for sure, but a lot that I am afraid might happen.
Nobody I care about more than myself.
No one, Brutus, no one.
That is true, it is your beauty's fault.
No.
None, my lord.
Nothing.
None of us.
This forest does not seem deserted when you are here, because you are all the world to me.
No, and I did not hear anything either, or suspect anything at all.
It is not good for your health.
Or walk either.
Love does not have good judgment, so he will be reckless and hasty.
I have never met any men besides you and my father.
Neither the sky nor the earth have been quiet tonight.
I cannot recall where I slept last night.
I would not either, by daylight.
Me neither.
Neither would I.
I will not be there either.
Me too, I will not, I swear to God.
I will not either, sir.
Me neither, my lord.
Me neither.
Me too.
Neither will I.
It is up to you, my lord.
As far as I know, he is not even dead.
As far as I know, he is okay and will arrive here soon.
I did not do anything wrong that I know of, unless it was a sin to defend myself when someone attacked me.
Then we will not agree to his demands.
It was me, no one else.
No one here is affected by your curse, because curses are words with no power.
Nor living ones, I hope.
And you have not heard any news about her in your letters?
The rain, the wind, the thunder and lightning are not my daughters.
Or ask you to leave the room?
You will not until the needy eat.
No stony tower, no brass walls, no airless dungeon, no iron chains can contain a strong mind.
You cannot get out of trouble by praying or crying, so do not bother.
Neither can my accomplishments at sea.
He is not going to do any tomorrow.
Think about it carefully.
You will not tell me who you are.
I know you will offer nothing less than that.
We told him we would not even let him bury his men until he retreated to Saint Colme's Inch and paid us ten thousand dollars.
You are not loyal, like us.
Now I am sure that eyes cannot hurt a person.
Norfolk, we are going to have a few blows, right?
God is alive!
Noses, ears, lips.
Not one drop sooner.
No, not a sad song.
It is not a false gallop, anyway.
Nobody was hurt in the slightest.
For no man, sir.
Not at all, not at all.
I have not even heard a mouse squeak.
Everyone there got a little crazy and pulled some desperate stunts.
Not at all, Touchstone.
You will not do such a thing.
Not at all.
No, you will not get a word out of me.
Not a word.
No Duke of Burgundy can take this treasure of a girl from me. Say goodbye to them.
It is not quite that simple.
He cannot be Fortune; he is only Fortune’s errand boy.
Not being the worst daughter deserves some praise, I guess.
My legs may be yellow, but I do not feel blue.
It was not Caesar’s bravery that conquered Antony, but Antony’s that has triumphed over him.
Cassio is not dead.
I am not dead.
I would not commit so serious a crime for anything.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
I would not do that for the whole world.
Not for your entire fairy kingdom. Come, fairies, let’s go.
I do not have the thing that makes time fly.
Not someone who does not share that disposition, meaning Mark Antony.
Not the woman who scolds, I hope.
He is not here.
I do not love Hermia; I love Helena.
I can only do it by lying, my lord, but I can do it so secretly that no one will suspect me.
I had business that made me late.
No I do not, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me.
No, I must let them find me.
I will not, sir.
No, not me, sir.
I did not, my lord.
After you, sir.
I will not hide unless all the mist from my heartsick groans envelopes me like fog and conceals me from people's searching eyes.
Not me.
Not in the stocks, fool.
Not if the minor ones come up first.
I did not tell you to get rid of one love and replace her with another.
Well, not in deed, madam, since I cannot do anything unchaste.
You are not in love either.
Not in my house, Lucentio.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Even in hell, you could not find a devil worse than Macbeth.
If he stays in this country, he will be found.
Do you know me still?
You do not know my voice?
There is no life, but my love is dead.
I am locked up in a prison and deprived of food.
I do not want to hear you sing.
Not now, my sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You are sharpening that knife not on your sole, but on your soul.
You did, not just once or twice, but twenty times.
I do not have one to throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
No drugs or sleeping pills will ever give you the restful sleep that you had last night.
No, not a chance.
I am thankful that you have found it.
I am not sad, my lord.
You haven’t seen him since?
The sun will not shine today.
He is not sick, my lord, but he is very upset, and his problems are serious.
You are not as happy as Macbeth, yet much happier.
Not so fast.
She is not sick, my lord, but she is troubled with endless visions that keep her from sleeping.
Not young enough to fall in love with a woman because she sings well, but not old enough to dote on a woman for any reason.
No, please, I beg your Majesty.
No, it has not, my lord.
That is not true, my lord.
No, that is not true.
No, I am not wound up.
Not true, not true.
You are wrong, sir, I do care about something.
Not true.
I took their stings, wouldn’t you say?
I will never be exhibited as lucky as Caesar's prize.
Not the Adam from the garden of Eden, but the Adam from the jailhouse.
Not that I know of.
It is not because I do not love you.
Not that we love words more than fighting, like you do.
Not the one I gave you, I hope.
No, that is not it. It is because of what happens in the marriage bed.
No, I will not take a husband until they make men out of something other than dirt.
Not until you pass out.
The doctors say it is healthy to get up early. I do not know what the doctors say.
Follow them straight to the cottage.
Not to his father’s house.
Not of killing him because I have a warrant for it, but of being damned for killing him, which no warrant can protect me from.
Just for today, please do not think of the crime my father committed in seizing the crown.
Not tonight, Iago.
No, no.
Not very well, but I have met him several times.
Not us.
Not the time I saw it.
Is he attacking the heartland of Poland or some frontier?
Not from crying.
Not old enough to be a man, but not young enough to be a boy.
Are you dead yet?
Not yet, cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet. Well, the time has come.
You do not?
You are a famous pirate!
Just notice.
Love and affection, even if it is just an act.
Just know this before I begin: I cannot play a single note that is worthy of note.
Nothing.
Nothing but “little” and “short”! Why are you letting her insult me like this?
All we do is sit and sit and eat.
I beg your pardon.
Nothing, except your true love for my lord.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
That is correct.
Nothing but cruel daughters could have degraded him like this.
But enough about that.
He never did anything in his whole life that looked as good as the way he died.
Now I see that you cannot call anything good except in the right context.
Nothing can come between me and the fulfillment of all my hopes.
Nothing that interests me, my good lord.
Nothing is what it is.
Come on, “nothing” will get you nothing.
Nothing, but this is true.
Nothing, good sir, except to help Sir Cobweb scratch my head.
Not a bit, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
Nothing, my lord, or if I did, I do not know.
Nothing, my lord.
It is nothing, my lord.
Nothing, sir, except grandchildren.
Nothing?
No.
What are you?
Nothing.
In any case, do what you want.
Now I will get Cassio to do something in front of all these drunkards that will offend everyone on the island.
On a night like this a campfire in an empty field would be like the heart of a dirty old man.
Everything is fine now.
Any effort ruins what it attempts.
Receive all the blessings of a happy father.
Then may your daughters be cursed with all the horrible fates that await sinners.
Now all the young men of England are inspired and have stored their party clothes in the closet.
Okay, now I am dead.
Now I am no longer attached to him.
Now Antony has to leave her completely.
I am ready to hear what my good cousin the Dauphin has to say.
You are my lieutenant now.
Now you are Romeo.
Now you are sociable.
Prove that the men you call your fathers did truly conceive you.
Now, Death, you can boast that you have an incomparable girl in your possession.
My knighthood, and my crown. The first you profaned, the second you dishonored, and the third you stole.
I swear, old fools become like babies again.
Civil wounds can heal, and peace can live again.
Now I see the blood rushing to your cheeks.
I could drink hot blood and do such terrible deeds that people would tremble even in the daylight.
Faint, fall down. If you do not, then you are lying about my eyes being murderers.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now I see it is true.
Now you know the reason for the rush.
My plans are almost at their climax.
Edmund, where is your wicked brother?
Use the image of stealthy murmurs and engulfing darkness filling the wide vessel of the universe.
Goodbye, good sir.
Well, now you have said it.
Follow me if you are brave enough, and we will fight over Helena.
Go now, Lord Constable and all you princes, and quickly bring us news of England’s defeat.
From head to foot I am as firm as marble.
Go wherever you want.
Now go to the door and stay there until I call for you.
Now we go contentedly to freedom, not banishment.
May God bless you.
Dear gods in heaven, what is the reason for this?
Now I have done a good day’s work.
Now he is telling the story.
Now he denies it a bit, and tries to laugh it off.
He is asking him to tell the story again.
He is praying now.
Now he is saying how she took him into our bedroom.
Now he will work himself up to a fury.
Now heaven has her.
Heaven help him.
An angel is walking on earth.
Now I am alone.
Now I will stand up.
Now, I will begin. First, we came down a steep hill, my master riding behind my mistress. Both on one horse?
I have changed my mind now and believe in omens.
I am killing myself with this provocative speculation.
Now I will have to send my humble proposal of peace to that young man.
Now I see that all three of them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me.
Whether I go ahead with them or not is completely up to you.
Now I will believe that unicorns exist, and that there is a tree in Arabia where the phoenix lives.
Now I will tell you so you do not have to ask.
To tell the truth, Gratiano, you are giving your wife a valid reason to get upset.
Now, I am very pleased with it being outdoors, but in its not being at the court, it is boring.
Now he is ready.
In all of Rome, there is room for only one man.
It is time to put our armor on.
We have been waiting a long time for this day.
That is three hours since nine o'clock, but she has not come back.
Now is the time when we need your help.
Now we wear the wreaths of victory on our heads.
Next time God sends out a shipment of hair, I hope he gives you a beard.
Now let me tell you, Casca, I have already convinced some of the noblest Romans to join me in an honorable mission.
Now, let it work.
Let me see if I can translate it.
I hope you are strong enough to do it.
Sing us a song.
Now he lies there worth nothing, and no one is so humble as to show him respect.
Thank God I am cured.
Now Margaret’s curse has fallen on our heads, for standing by and doing nothing when Richard stabbed her son.
You speak so highly of fools.
I could do it easily now.
Now I must go to the tomb alone.
So now everyone will point at me and say, “Look, there goes the wife of that comedian Petruchio. If he could be
All your talents and gifts did notrouse as much envy from him as this one quality did.
Now my spells are all broken, And the only power I have is my own, Which is very weak.
Now I feel my soul leaving.
We are close enough now.
Be convincing.
He has to make his speeches of love to a woman who is supposed to be his enemy.
You should grit your teeth and let your nostrils flare.
Now my friend Petruchio will help me out, presenting me to old Baptista as a schoolmaster for Bianca.
Now I will tell you the other story about my journey.
Hermia is not holding onto me anymore.
Now she is gone forever. Cordelia, Cordelia, stay awhile.
Come on, show me the wound that my eyes have caused.
Now, you tell me: should I feel loyal to the Moor?
If that is true, and it is obviously true, who is in a better position than Cassio?
Now let’s sit closely around this candle and discuss our needs.
Now that the wind is favorable, let’s board the ship.
Now all the late travellers are hurrying to reach their inns.
She trembled and shook because he stamped and swore and carried on as though the vicar were trying to put something over on him.
Tell me how long you intend to keep her.
Now the inconstant moon has nothing to do with me.
May the evil one take me if I meant it like that!
Now they work for me.
Dressing my out-and-out wickedness in scraps of Scripture, I look like a saint exactly when I am most like the devil.
Let my courage prove my title as wife.
Now this is where you come in.
Now is the time for us to speak, and we do so with imperial authority.
Welcome, Kate. Let everyone bear witness that here I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now he will sit under a chair. Let’s go.
Now I will go inside and write out a secret order to keep Clarence’s sons out of sight and to forbid anyone from seeing King Edward
Now I will ask Cassio about Bianca, a prostitute who sells her body for food and clothes.
I will go to the hole to see if I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Right now I would give a thousand.
Now that you speak of paper, I remember a funny story of Hero’s.
Now this joke has turned serious.
Now, I swear, I am so angry that I am shaking all over.
Now, Antony, our prayers have been answered.
Tell me where you have stowed away my money, or I will break that comical head of yours for goofing when I am not in
If you are my friend, you will let me see his letter.
Now, as you are a Roman, tell me the truth.
Now, Balthazar, you have always been honest and faithful to me, and I trust you still are.
I love my master, and he will find me very hard-working.
Curse my father’s ambition!
I swear by Apollo. By Apollo, King, you are taking the names of the gods in vain.
All right, now I am starting to lose my cool.
By all that is holy, here comes Katherina!
My God, she cannot be a Jew, she is too nice!
I swear to you by my virginity at age twelve, I already told her to come.
I will travel to your father’s house.
I swear by my sword, and I swear by your shield, too.
If I had remembered something about him, I could have had a good comeback for my uncle, touching on his growth worse than he touched on mine
I probably am too young for you.
I swear by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, he will not make me a joyful bride there.
By my faith in love, I will, then.
It is incredible that they did not say a word.
Now, by the world, it is full of your ugly wrongdoings.
I like this girl.
I swear, I despise the word.
I swear to God I will get revenge.
What is up, Catesby? What does your master say?
Now, Catesby, what does your lord say to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Trebonius!
I have paid you back, Parthia, and gotten revenge for Marcus Crassus’ death.
Now, before the sun comes up and burns away the dew, I have to fill this basket with poisonous weeds and medicinal flowers.
Now, Eros.
May good fortune come to you, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what have you got there?
You are welcome here, my friends.
Now I go to marry my brother Edward’s young daughter, Elizabeth, because I know Richmond has his eye on her.
Hortensio
Now, on my life, the young child must be headed to the Tower to greet the young princes, whom she adores.
Please go ahead and tell me the rest of your story.
Look out, I am on my way up.
Good Metellus, go to him now.
Please lie down and rest for a while.
Who are you, sir?
Now, good sweet Nurse, why do you look so sad?
Now, herald, have the dead been counted?
I beg you, daughter, do not make me crazy.
Now, I will swear to the opposite—that the pancakes were rotten, and the mustard was fine.
Even if these men have escaped the law and punishment at home, they cannot escape God.
Right now you swear to me that you are a virgin. If you were a poet, I might have some hope that you were lying.
If you are a virgin, you will answer this question.
If you love me, stay.
Seriously, son Petruchio, I think you are the most thoroughgoing shrew of us all.
I have you now, pagan.
Now, Iras, what do you think?
Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly with us today so that we, who want peace, can live on to old age.
Now start the music, and sing the solemn hymn.
What has not experience made this simple life sweeter than a life of glittery pomp and circumstance?
Now, my dearest Queen, please stand farther away from me.
Thank you, my friendly servant.
Is it time, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what are we going to do if we find that Lord Hastings won’t go along with our plans?
Just now, my lord.
Now, Titania, wake up, my sweet queen.
Antipholus has gone insane, no question about it.
Now, noble Buckingham, seal this alliance by embracing my wife’s friends, and make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?
Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you getting on with my daughter?
What is up, mister?
Now, sir, where is Claudio?
Hey, you!
Now, soldiers, advance.
Now, my sweet lord, you know how much I like you.
The next day we had our fight at sea, and you know what happened after that.
I will use Albany’s power and authority for now to win the war, but afterward one of the sisters can get rid of him.
I say good night to your bones, Hero.
All right Ursula, as Beatrice arrives, we will be walking up and down this alley and speaking about nothing but Benedick.
It is a good thing I am like a little pot and warm up quickly, or else my lips themselves would freeze and stick to my teeth,
So, what is the news on the Rialto?
So, where is my wife?
Where is your master?
Just now.
Nurse, give my regards to your lady.
Nurse, where is my daughter?
Nurse, will you come with me to my closet and help me pick out the clothes and jewelry I will need to wear tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, what you say is true.
All you are up in heaven!
Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony!
Please do not beg us to kill you.
Oh, Antony!
Oh, Antony, you extravagantly generous man, how would you have rewarded me for serving you faithfully?
Oh, Antony!
Oh, Banquo, the king has been murdered!
Listen to me, night. Who is this?
Oh, how bitter it is that Edward, the real prince, should still be alive!
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Oh, Richard!
My heart is as black as death.
Oh, Bottom, you have changed!
Your grave is gaping open, and your death is near.
Good monster!
What a wonderful new world, that has such people in it.
Oh, how brave of you!
Oh, brother Montague, give me your hand.
Oh, Brutus!
Please read mine first, for my petition affects you more directly.
Oh, Caesar!
This calm submission is dishonorable and vile.
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, where did you get this?
Cassius, Brutus gave the orders too soon.
Oh, Cassius, I will run far from this country to where no Romans can find me.
Oh Cassius, I am tired out by many sorrows.
Oh, Cassius, if you could only convince Brutus to join us.
No ceremony, only show me your value.
Oh, Charmian, I will never leave this tomb.
Cicero, I have experienced storms in which the angry winds split old oak trees, and I have seen the ocean swell, rage, and foam
Oh, Cleopatra!
Oh, Clitus!
Come here, Ventidius.
Oh friendly friar!
Are you ashamed to show your face even at night, when evil things are most free?
Oh, Corin, I wish you could understand how much I love her.
Oh cousin, cousin!
Oh cowardly conscience, how you are torturing me!
Oh cousin, cousin, cousin, my sweet little cousin, I wish you knew how deep in love I am.
That is so cruel!
Oh, you damned villain!
Oh, dainty duck!
Damned Iago!
Oh, Dardanius!
My God, this is unbelievably strange.
This day has turned into a disaster.
It is a deadly sin.
He is very good at bending words around.
Oh, father, I am taking care of your business.
Oh, Ophelia, I am bad at poetry.
Oh, darling Phoebe, if you ever fall in love with someone fresh, then you will know about the invisible wounds that love’
If I live long enough to touch you again, that would be as good as having my eyesight back.
Oh, dear!
You stupid fool!
Oh earth, which soaks up this blood, revenge his death!
And earth!
Oh, eastern star!
What an excellent idea! He will soak up the wine!
An excellent motion.
What an excellent young man!
Oh, you excellent young man!
Lovely Katherine, if you will love me well with your French heart, I am happy to hear you confess it in broken English.
Fate, come and cut the thread of my life.
O flesh, flesh, you have turned pale and weak like a fish.
Good luck, luck.
Oh Friar, damned souls use the word banishment to describe hell.
If I repeated it to you, it would kill you as soon as you heard it.
Do not make me do it, my lady.
God of battles, bolster my soldiers' courage.
Did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
Oh God, Horatio, what a damaged reputation I have left behind. No one knows the truth.
I have a soul that predicts evil things.
Oh sweet Nurse, what news do you bring?
Oh God, who is the best comic of them all.
Oh God!
Oh God, Nurse, how can this be stopped?
Are you impatient?
Goneril, you are not worth the dust the wind blows in your face.
Oh, Antonio, I am sorry I caused you so much trouble.
You are a great example of that old work ethic, where people worked because it was their duty, not just for the money.
Sir Toby, stop!
Oh, you idiot!
What would you like, Laertes?
Oh, Hamlet, how far she fell!
Oh, good, a knife!
You are so lucky!
How fortunate that horse is to have Antony on him.
It goes along with being born to greatness, but it makes you get badmouthed by every fool who only cares about his own suffering.
Harry’s wife, do not triumph in my sorrow.
Get out!
Oh heaven, oh earth, witness what I am about to say, and reward me if I tell the truth.
Oh, heavenly mixture!
I wish we could unmask scoundrels like that, and give a whip to every good man to beat them senseless with.
I wish the two of them were alive and living in Naples, as king and queen.
Oh heavens!
Oh, for Pete’s sake!
What a sad day!
It is a thing of no importance.
Oh, that bird from hell!
What is this?
Oh, holy Friar, tell me, where is my lady’s husband?
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
It is dreadful, dreadful, Iago!
Oh, Iago!
O, this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery.
You are as pale as your nightgown.
Never!
Have you returned smiling from the great battle for the world?
You inhuman dog!
What an irreplaceable and grievous loss!
Iras, Charmian!
Oh, Isis, that is impossible.
Oh, Juliet, I already know about your sad situation.
Julius Caesar, you are still powerful.
My spirits are tired.
Calm down, Kate.
Oh, Kate, prudish customs bow before great kings.
Sir, you need a drink.
Please speak again.
Oh, sad day!
Oh life!
My soul is stuck to sin, and the more it struggles to break free, the more it sticks.
It will plague him like a disease.
O Lord, I could stay here all night listening to such good advice.
Oh, Lord, this makes me laugh.
It is difficult to bring two friends together, but even mountains can be moved together by earthquakes.
Lord, how painful it was to drown.
Oh, Lord, if they were married, they would drive themselves crazy within a week.
Oh Lord, they are fighting!
Oh, Lord!
If you keep your promise to me, I will end this agony by becoming a Christian and marrying you.
Oh love!
Oh, madam, madam, madam!
Oh, madam, my old heart is broken.
Oh Margaret, Margaret, your heavy curse has now landed on poor Hastings.
If I stirred your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I would offend Brutus and Cassius, who are honorable men.
Oh, my heart, my heart is rising into my throat!
Oh my, Oh my!
Oh, no!
Oh my!
Merciful God!
Oh, mighty Caesar!
Oh, mischief has ruined our plans.
Destructive thoughts come quickly to the minds of desperate men.
My mistress, a villain has made a mockery of your love.
We spend more time seeking out the fleeting glories of this temporary world than looking to the permanent grace of God.
What a horrible world we live in.
Yes, monstrous, monstrous!
Oh, most bloody sight!
How wonderful to see you!
My dear mistress, I will not be able to finish this work until sunset at the earliest.
Oh, unfaithful lover!
What a relief!
Oh, you evil woman!
What a horrible day!
What a horrible slut!
Oh, that most wicked fiend!
Gentle boy, good night.
Oh, my brave Emperor, this is what I call a fight!
He was my brother’s son.
Oh my Christian ducats!
Ran off with a Christian.
Do not think I am flattering you.
My niece, you are welcome here as if you were my own daughter.
Oh, Orlando, it is so hard to see you wearing your heart in a sling.
What a fool I have been!
Please, dear husband, do not believe everything you hear. If you must believe it, do not let it make you angry.
Oh, my good master!
Oh, my heart!
My lord, my lord, forgive my panic!
Oh, my lord!
My poor Rosalind, where will you go?
My son, my son.
My son, what issue is that?
What were you doing in hell?
No, my reasons are deep and as permanent as death.
Oh, noble Caesar!
Do not fight by sea, noble Emperor!
O noble English, who could take on the entire French army with only half their forces, leaving the other half to stand by idle and laughing.
Oh, noble fool!
Good judge.
Oh noble lord, consider your lineage.
I can tell you everything about the unfortunate circumstances of this deadly fight.
Oh, noble sir!
You are a notorious whore!
It is better to smile and flatter indoors where it is dry than get soaked out here.
O, everlasting shame!
You liar, you are turning my heart to stone, and making me call what I will do murder, when I had been thinking of it as
She is a lying woman.
O Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
What a sad sight!
A plague has been prevented, thank God!
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
That is nonsense!
Oh, proud Death, what banquet are you preparing that you have needed to knock off so many princes?
Oh, Pyramus, get up!
I had a terrifying dream.
Oh, Regan, Goneril, your kind old father whose generous heart gave you everything.
She has torn me apart with unkindness, like a vulture, right here.
Why shouldn’t she take my hand?
Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Oh, my!
Oh, royal Caesar!
Oh, rude and unthankful boy!
Oh Scotland, Scotland!
He is like a snake disguised as a flower.
They are handsome spirits.
That is foolish.
What a sinful thought!
No, calm down.
Get out of here quickly.
I accept.
Oh, sir, pardon me.
Sir, such a life with such a wife is unlikely.
Oh, sir, impetuous people learn their lessons from the consequences of their foolish actions.
Yes, sir, very well. I am here in your orchard.
Sir, you are old.
Oh, sir, you are too good at predicting the future.
Please consider this: those who sent you to do this deed will hate you for doing it.
Fate, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk.
The world is a liar.
Oh, wait, sir.
Well, spite of spites.
Do you have any more of that wine?
Oh, Stephano, two men from Naples survived!
Oh, sun, I will never see another one of your sunrises.
Oh, that great, funny guy, Bottom!
Oh sweet mistress, speak.
Oh Portia, these are some of the worst words that ever stained a piece of paper.
Oh, dear gods!
Oh, these fools!
What an excellent thing this learning is!
Oh, you bloody prison, fatal and threatening to noble lords!
Oh, you stupid Moor!
You evil thief, where have you hidden my daughter?
What could I do to become as good as you are?
Yes, wine is the devil.
Oh, you wicked scoundrel!
Oh, you streetwalker!
I wish you had never been born.
My God, whose side I think I am fighting on, look kindly on my forces.
Only time can sort out this mess.
Have you mangled my tongue so badly that my only son can no longer recognize my weak, sorrow-ravaged voice?
They are traitors, villains.
Oh, Tranio, until it happened to me, I never would have thought it possible.
This is treachery!
Oh, right, good Catesby.
Oh, Tybalt, Tybalt was the best friend I had.
Oh righteous God, how can I thank you enough that this meat-eating mutt preys on his mother’s children and forces her
My brave relative!
Oh, you lowlife!
Ah, revenge!
You have stolen both my job and my name.
Oh, you villain, villain, and smiling villain!
What a villain!
Why, you scoundrel!
What evil!
Oh, what a long, tedious, exhausting night!
Mother Nature, why did you create lions?
Oh wicked wall, through which I do not see any happiness.
Oh wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
You wise judge.
Oh pain!
Oh painful day, Oh painful day!
Oh, sad day!
Oh painful sympathy!
Oh, this is a painful time.
It was a painful, painful, painful day.
What a wonderful son, I can impress my mother!
Oh, this is wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!
God, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Oh, immortal gods!
Oh dear gods!
Oh, you mighty gods!
You there, sir, come here please.
Oh, young and noble Cato, have you been slain?
Oh, he is a dangerously clever boy. Bold, quick-witted, capable.
Oh, killing that child was the dirtiest, most merciless deed there ever was.
Please, go away.
Perhaps the king is sending you to the Tower to have you renamed.
Oh, but there is one more thing to tell you.
Please, I am begging you, do not mention him again.
Oh, chest, obey me!
Come on in, con man.
Excuse me, sir. Tom is chilly.
Do not injure your cousin like that.
Please do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
Good-bye.
Don’t worry, I will not.
That is disgusting!
Oh, I wish I had my rosary.
Oh, forgive all my sins!
Richard, the duke of Gloucester is very dangerous, and the queen’s sons and brothers are haughty and proud.
It is your presence that draws out this blood from his empty veins.
Please let me.
Please do not make me insult music again with my awful singing.
Yes, father.
My grief has transformed me since the last time you saw me.
Had the gods taken pity on us, I would not be here calling them merciless.
He is crazy, Laertes!
He was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
Please help him.
I feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart.
We are overjoyed to see you sane again.
I am dying, Horatio!
Oh, I will beat him up for that!
If you are the same Egeon, speak now, and speak to that same Emilia.
If you were the noblest of your family, young man, you couldn’t die more honorably.
Oh, no.
Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s wallet.
I have lost my name and title to a traitor.
Oh, my lady, I am ashamed to admit it.
Let her live, and I will ruin her manners and her beauty.
Let it go up to heaven.
Do not do this.
Let me kiss his hand.
Let me finish my curse.
Oh, dear God, do not let me go mad!
Let me speak.
Let me remember what happened to Hastings and hurry to
Yes, we should get his support, for his mature presence will make others think well of us and speak out in support of our actions.
Make them joyful.
My handsome nephew, I must not say that.
My lord, you once said that lazy weeds grow fast.
Oh, my old master! Who tied him up?
Oh, my poor brother!
No, do not mention him.
That day will never come.
No, he loves and cherishes me.
Oh, no.
I really need that priest who spoke to me today.
Let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true heirs of each royal house, be joined together.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
One child is one too many.
Please forgive me for bringing this bad news, but you told me it was my job.
Let it end, or let me die so I will not have to watch any more of it.
Enliven them with yours!
Do not ask me why I need them.
Correct it completely.
This is cause for an extraordinary joy that should be engraved in gold on pillars to last forever.
Please remember to hear her prayer for them, just as for us.
Give me what I deserve, and do your duty.
The woman who might have blocked you from all the murders you have committed by strangling you in her cursed womb.
She tears that letter into a thousand small pieces and berates herself for being so forward as to write a letter to a man who would mock her
She would laugh me right out of my body and kill me with her wit.
I would never be that cruel.
Yes, sir, the problem goes far deeper than you realize.
Oh, sir, on her nose, which is covered with pimples, sores, and red welts.
Oh, the sixpence you gave me last Wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress?
Please spare my innocent wife and children.
Teach me to forget to think.
Please teach me how you look, what tricks you used to make Demetrius fall in love with you.
Tell me, Friar, in what part of my body is my name embedded?
If only you had a clearer memory of who you are.
I wish you weren’t, you poor, frightened soul.
That must mean a sword.
Darling Kate!
If you see me without it, you can be confident I am dead.
If so, when it is day, where are you going to find a cave dark enough to hide your monstrous face?
I see, you will only part with lightweight presents.
So she was moved by it?
Well then, saint, let lips do what hands do.
They continually urged the king to do it.
You prophesied that the time would come when I would need your help in cursing that humpbacked spider, that hideous toad!
You who are so skilled in cursing, stay awhile and teach me how to curse my enemies.
Do not touch me.
Please do not command me to drown myself in the flood of your sister’s tears.
Cruel, cruel news.
Hello, father!
That arrow was well shot.
Oh, what a fall it was!
Since your woes are only a portion of mine, I have every reason to surpass your lamentations and drown out your cries with my own.
Oh, the things men dare to do!
What better favor can I do for you than to kill the man who killed you with the same hand that made you die young?
Will you leave me alone in the dark?
Are you going to leave me unsatisfied?
I wish to God that the golden crown that I will have to wear was red-hot steel and burned me straight through to the brain.
Yes, you spoke, my lord, but it is total nonsense.
Protect me, my friends.
You men are rank beginners.
You are a naughty one, encouraging double-dealing.
We are ruined.
Thursday it is, then.
You knew that my spirit was completely under your control and that I would ignore the gods’ orders in favor of yours.
Obey your parents, keep your word, don’t swear, don’t sleep with another man’s wife, and
I honor you.
Watch her.
This letter is going to turn him into a starry-eyed idiot.
Watch his reaction.
Observe how Antony takes his defeat and how his attitude influences his actions.
Octavia has a pious, chaste, meek disposition.
Octavia weeps at the thought of leaving Rome.
Octavius, I am older than you.
Octavius, lead your forces slowly out to the left side of the level field.
Take this man into your service, Octavius, for he did the final service to my master.
Anything I did to you, I did it because Sir Toby made me.
From a certain knight who swore on his honor that the pancakes he was eating were good, and that the mustard on top of them was bad.
A snail?
Your case is unusual, though the Venetian law cannot stop you from proceeding. Yes, so he says.
Have you heard about Albany’s and Cornwall’s troops?
A leathermaker will last nine years.
Of all the strange things I have ever heard, it seems most strange to me that men fear death, given that death, which cannot be avoided
Tell me anything you remember.
They have sixty thousand fighting men.
Do not be afraid of her company.
It has its own color.
Out of love?
Of brave earls, Grandpré and Roussi, Fauconberg and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, and
Mantua.
From my kind uncle, who will give it to me, especially as it is not worth much.
Do not tone things down or exaggerate them out of hostility.
If you are being fair, you will have to describe me as someone who loved too much, but wasn’t wise about it.
Among them are one hundred twenty-six princes and standard-bearing nobles.
She is so witty and creative!
There is little or nothing of that.
Tell me what you did with the king’s ship, the sailors, and the other ships.
Thirty ships.
We will talk more about this later.
I have already sent the proof in my letters.
Either we go after Pompey or he will come after us.
What is he like?
Of what?
What kind of fighting cock is this?
I do not know what you have done to upset him, but someone has challenged you to a duel.
How old is he?
To wage war.
Shame of what, lady?
Of what city, may I ask?
She is a lot like you.
Off with his son George’s head.
Take it off and throw it on the ground.
Take off my armor.
You did not offend us, you offended the king.
Officers, what crime have these men committed?
Often I have heard of “sanctuary men,” but until now I have never heard of “sanctuary children.”
Oh, well, stay till then.
Oh, is that what you are getting at?
Oh ho, oh ho!
My beautiful warrior!
Oh, please, Prince Dauphin!
I only wish I knew the name of that husband you said he predicted will have a cheating wife.
What a tedious wait!
Well done!
Master, you were so focused on the girl herself, I wonder if you missed the main point here.
Yes, we could, sir.
Oh, he is a gallant king!
It is horrible of her.
That is treason.
It is a disaster, a disaster, by this hand, it is a disaster.
It was a monstrous roar, to make the earth tremble.
This is going to be great!
No, my dear, you were a little angel who kept me going.
That is a good wish!
Oh, a thousand times worse, a thousand times, and what a sweet personality she has!
Are you here, Iago?
As faithful as flies in rotting meat, which give birth to maggots every time the wind blows.
Yes, yes, Curtis, so hurry up and start the fire.
Oh yes.
Send me away, my lord, but do not kill me.
Try being sick, great greatness, and see if ceremony can cure you.
Let's see what happens after the pageantry is over!
Look, the precious Desdemona has arrived on shore.
Beware of jealousy, my lord.
Oh, what a bloody end to all this!
Brave Iago, how honest and trustworthy you are.
Oh, but I am worried.
She is wise.
Oh, but she will keep her word.
No, not at all.
I will be many years older before I see my Romeo again.
Who did it?
Caesar, this Charmian lived until a moment ago.
Please, come quickly.
If you could speak, I might hear you call Caesar an ass who has been outsmarted.
I am such a coward for living long enough to see my best friend taken before my eyes.
What a curse marriage is!
Oh, damn her, damn her!
God help me.
Oh, you devil, you devil!
Did he?
Oh, kill me!
Pretend that you are standing on the shore, watching a city dance on the shifting waves, and you will have an idea of the look of
Do not wish one more.
Oh do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
That is a good one.
I have been murdered unfairly.
Goodbye!
Oh, goodbye!
Shame on you, you coward.
Go to hell, you whore!
Oh, to hell with those people!
Oh, damn, damn, damn!
Damn it!
Give us permission, great king, to search the field in safety and dispose of our dead bodies.
Oh, for God’s sake.
God help me.
With his sordid desertion, he sets the example for our own.
Oh God, he has murdered his master!
He is acting just like Juliet, just like her.
Oh, he is gone.
Oh, he is a lovely gentleman.
Yes, Benedick has returned and is as cheerful as ever.
Oh, heaven help me!
Oh, God help us!
Then heaven have mercy on me.
How did she get out?
You do not know a thing.
Help me!
Please help.
Here it is.
I will rest here forever.
That is a joke made out of leather that spreads itself thin, from the width of an inch to as fat as a yard.
We know secondhand clothes when we see them. Take off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh ho!
It is horrible, horrible, so horrible!
And how he loves Caesar!
I can't wait to meet her!
Oh how I love you!
I hate looking at his face now.
I am out of breath from this foolish chase.
I am dead.
I am dying! My lord, you still have one eye left to see Cornwall punished.
I am here, I have been destroyed by villains.
How dare I?
I could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how I will avenge them.
Oh, I could weep my soul out of myself!
I am dying of hunger.
I followed something I am ashamed to look at now.
I have heard him talk about that brother, and he described him as the most inhumane man alive.
I have read that.
I suffered along with all the men I watched suffer.
If I did not have a good reason to do this, damn me to the very bottom of hell.
If it turns out to be true that he survived, then that storm was kind and the ocean was full of love.
If you only knew how close to success you are, even while you make fun of what I am telling you.
In this love, you love your child so badly, that you go mad even though she is in heaven.
Oh, has it come to this?
Oh, is that so?
Is that Kent?
It sounded like a sweet breeze blowing gently over a bank of violets, taking their scent with it.
It is horrible, horrible.
It is my love.
I hate it when I hear a blustery actor in a wig tear everyone to shreds, bursting everyone’s eardrums.
Lay me next to my mistress.
Take a few steps. I want to see you walk.
I hope heaven protects him from the weather, because I lost sight of him on the stormy sea.
Let their bodies follow, my dear king, to win back what is rightfully yours with blood and sword and fire.
Let’s get out of here.
Let us be merciful.
Look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Finish what I have begun.
Yes, lieutenant.
Herbs, plants, and stones possess great power.
What misery!
Help!
That is pathetic!
I am very scared something awful has happened.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
My bad luck has forced honest men to become traitors.
It breaks my heart to think how painful it must be for you to recall all this, things that I can’t remember.
When wisdom and passion are in one body, it is ten to one that the passion will win.
Please forgive me.
I am overjoyed!
Hardly, Kate.
Oh, no!
Oh, noble weakness!
Goodbye to my peace of mind.
Oh, now you weep, and I sense that you feel pity.
He bids them good morning with a modest smile and calls.
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, that is ominous!
On my soul, my cousin has been slandered falsely.
I have no hope that he survived.
You are  Forgive me, Signior Gremio, but I am anxious to get things moving.
Oh, quick, before I am gone.
How excellent for Antony!
Oh, that was unbelievably low.
Your report is too poetic, but it sounds so true!
Say it, and mean it.
She shows the torches how to burn bright.
Oh, she is slow.
She is ten times nicer than her father, and he is the height of crabbiness.
She knew very well that you were acting like you were in love without really knowing what love means.
She was filthy!
She was utterly true to you.
She could sing a wild bear to sleep.
A step as light as hers will never endure the rocky road of life.
Tell me!
It is a monster.
How strange!
I wish I could sleep again, so I could have another dream like that.
Oh, sweet England!
You should control yourself, lady.
Yes, for new lovers time passes ten times faster than for couples who have been married forever.
How awful that a woman who has been rejected by one man should therefore be treated horribly by another.
I wish I could know what will happen today before it happens.
Oh, that splendid Caesar!
Wouldn’t it be great if property, rank, official positions, and other honors were earned only by merit, not by corruption?
They say that dress surpasses all others.
It is too bad that Antony’s fault should make you look like a jerk.
I wish I could work for that lady.
A worthy fool!
I wish I was the glove on that hand so that I could touch that cheek.
If only I were a man.
I wish I were a man.
If only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection.
I remember that very clearly.
I wish she knew how much I love her.
Oh, to think that the same body that once ruled the world could now patch up a wall!
I would kill that bastard Cassio forty thousand times if I could.
If only we had with us ten thousand of those men back home in England who aren’t working today.
Oh, how I wish we could oppose Caesar’s spirit, his overblown ambition, and not hack up Caesar himself!
A woman who does not know how to make her own indiscretions look like her husband’s fault is not a woman.
Do you even understand what I am saying?
If only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your frowns!
I wish your Highness knew my true feelings in this matter. I have never in my life loved my brother.
He is like a coward.
Good, here is the stretcher.
Their dying shouts broke my heart.
What a man! Especially compared to my husband.
Insolent  Oh, the good gods!
Good lord!
Good heavens!
Then she was even more an angel, and you are an even blacker devil.
Some people are crying “Romeo.” Some are crying “Juliet,” and some are crying "Paris.
The world never saw a sweeter creature.
I guess she was old and gentle, and you rode barelegged, like an Irish yokel.
Oh, I see.
Oh, so madmen like you are also deaf.
It is easy to err when left to our own devices, but criticism helps us to see our faults and correct them.
I see you have been with Queen Mab.
Lysander is so attractive that he has turned heaven into hell!
There has been a lot of quarreling.
There is the problem.
They are more like how you would act if you were a woman telling a scary story by the fireside in front of her grandmother.
Oh, these men, these men!
Oh, but these are our friends.
They are choosing a better wrestler than myself.
Do you think we will ever meet again?
Oh, that devious Egyptian spirit!
This is why your servants hang their heads in sorrow.
Only my free will, nothing else.
I would have made it short.
You are wise!
Oh, then you never loved as wholeheartedly as me.
You are just going to talk about banishment again.
Oh, your contemptible lady!
My own flesh and blood rebels against me.
Oh, three times, ten times the evil man whose wicked deed deprived you of your ingenious mind.
What a villain I am!
Oh, you villain!
Oh, how stupid!
Oh, evil, evil!
Was she now?
Oh, dear.
The liars can look so honest.
Oh, what a mean lowlife I am!
What a world this is, when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him.
Yes, sin can disguise itself so well.
Educated men are so impressive!
Do you mean when Beatrice writes a letter and Hero sees that it has "Benedick" and "Beatrice" written all over it
Where is Romeo?
Where have you led me, Egypt?
Oh, who did this thing?
Why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much?
All except for the widow Dido.
The glory of war has faded.
Oh, what a horrible day!
How amazing!
It was incredible!
I have acted like such a villain.
Yes, I heard them all, and more, too.
I still regret the anger that drove me to kill them.
You and I have heard our fathers talk of another Brutus who would have let the devil himself rule in his Roman Republic before he let a king
You men are made of stone.
Malvolio, your vanity is damaging your good taste.
Oh!
The same old Cassius.
I like doing things the old-fashioned way.
I grow old, and all dignity has been thrashed out of me.
I do not blame you, old lord.
Old Montague is here, and he is waving his sword around just to make me mad.
I have only made it this far since I left her place, walking at a moderate pace.
In an instant we were separated from them, as if in a dream, and brought here in a daze.
Pretty, Cupid-like boys stood on either side of her, smiling and cooling her with multicolored fans, which seemed to fan the
You are not down and out, are you?
God forbid that I snatch the crown from him.
On me, though I am limping and deformed?
On me, though I am barely half the man that Edward was.
No more, please.
It is on such a high tide that we must take the current when it is offered, or lose our campaign.
Sleep well on the ground.
It is after six o'clock, my lord, when you said our work would be finished.
Even their clothes are unstained, and look fresher than before the storm.
On Thursday, sir?
I order you to stop.
Answer me.
Or Tuesday noon or at night, or Wednesday morning.
Why do I have to do that?
God knows why, but your mother and your brother have taken sanctuary in Westminster Abbey.
Onward, lover boys!
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, you noblest Englishmen, descended as you are from battle-tested fathers, fathers who have fought in these regions from
To the field!
Go on.
Let’s move again, my friends.
Attack the breach in the city wall once more, dear friends, attack it once more, or else let’s close it up with English
Again, goodbye.
Cesario, go visit that cruel Olivia one more time.
Good night, gentlemen.
Once again, what is the news?
One of us will stay and stand guard.
Angelo, the jeweler.
One servant cried, “God bless us!” and the other replied, “Amen,” as if they had seen
A drunkard or a corpse?
You do not know how quickly affection can be killed with a single nasty word.
The first drink makes him a fool, the second makes him crazy, and the third drowns him.
Someone who was always near you.
One face, one voice, one way of dressing, but two people.
Is there a woman more beautiful than the one I love?
A messenger from Lord Stanley.
We will have one heart, one bed, two bodies, and one faithful vow.
As surely as I am alive, I am a virgin.
Every second you delay is as long and dull as a journey to South Seas.
Killing him once is not enough revenge.
Give me one kiss, and I will go down.
Someone knocks.
Somebody is knocking.
Someone whose mood is as foul as the weather, very troubled.
He sent a messenger ahead of him who arrived so out of breath that he could barely speak his message.
One of your tears is worth everything that was won and lost.
One creditor showed me a ring he got from your daughter in exchange for a monkey.
One of these boxes contains her lovely picture.
Now he is a little crooked.
I loved one speech in particular.
With one cut, you can be through paying money to Naples.
A man old Frederick, your father, loves.
One last thing, and this is up to you.
One weakness led to another, to make me hate myself.
Did he lose his other eye?
Here is the water, right?
If you say one more word, I will punish you, maybe even hate you.
One more thing, gentlemen.
Just a moment.
One more thing, sir.
He looks like he just recently stopped breastfeeding.
I am a man, my lady, that God has made for himself to ruin.
Where are my slippers?
In fact, I would do more to him than what you have heard him promise to do.
One?
That was one hit.
Be patient until we have calmed the masses, who are beside themselves with fear.
As for this ring, please excuse me.
I spoke angry, foul words to him, and with that I will kiss you.
Just let me follow behind you, even though I am not good enough for you.
Except that he has not yet agreed to address you in this form and with this title.
I beg death to wait awhile, until I place the last of our many thousands of kisses on your lips.
All I am saying is that strange things have been going on.
I would rather die.
In this world, I am only taking up space.
I was the only one who refused to give back what I stole.
Only the adulterous and abominable Antony abandons you, giving his power to a whore who turns that power against us.
I can only say this about her: if she looked different than she does, she would be ugly, and since she cannot be anything but herself
That is all I want, and I will do anything to accomplish it.
Open it and read it.
Alright, I will.
Open your gates.
Doors open up for whoever is knocking.
Ophelia, come here. I hear him coming.
Or any of you?
Stinking like a swamp.
Come back to life again and challenge me to a duel in some deserted place.
Was it a blessing that we came here?
Did you agree to this as equals?
Either Charles or some prettier thing has mastered you.
Was I dreaming?
Did the letter make him emotional somehow, and this is the first time he has done it?
Are you pretending?
Are you teasing?
Or thorn-bushes.
Is he walking?
Or else their guardians and advisors said no. What is it, to have your love life determined by someone else?
Right.
What will happen if I do not?
Are we both on drugs?
Should I describe you as the one who killed her brothers and her uncles?
Either here or at the Capitol.
That is me, sir.
If not, then I have no powers of observation.
By the end I will either live, or else I will restore my honor by shedding my blood.
Me too, I swear.
Or I will deliver your insults to his face.
Even if it is not better, your first marriage is over.
If that is not the case, then this must be the answer.
If you follow me, you would better understand that I will do something bad to you in the forest.
If you haven’t broken away from human company, as my feelings now lead me to do, you haven’t loved.
If you have not sat as long as I have, boring your listener with all your lover’s virtues, then you have not loved.
If you have some buried treasure, which they say often makes ghosts restless, then tell us about it.
Or just a taste of it?
Is he on his horse?
Is the snake better than the eel because the pattern on his back pleases the eye?
That your interest payments are like Jacob’s sheep?
She has polluted herself, so that the fountain is a place where disgusting toads copulate and reproduce.
Or like a whale.
What do you think?
And I too?
Or it is bottomless, at least: pour affection in one end, and it runs out the other.
Don’t I tell you in the clearest terms that I do not and cannot love you?
Do what you feel like doing.
Tell me, my sweet love, what you would like to eat.
Or should I say it is her uncle?
Is she enclosed in silver, which is ten times less valuable than gold?
Should we enter without apologizing?
Or am I asleep now and imagining all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or had a friend who would be a man for me.
Maybe she was naked in bed with him for an hour or so, but they did not do anything.
What is wrong with you?
Who pronounced this death sentence before a court of law could even convict me?
You are busted.
Do you want me to criticize her like I do all women?
If I can't do that, I can at least make the Moor jealous that he can't think straight.
If he wrote down his thoughts, give me his letter.
It would have been better if, after she said, “Tybalt is dead,” she told me my mother or my father
If you have to swear, swear by your wonderful self, which is the god I worship like an idol, and then I will believe you.
You can pretend to settle your differences until this matter with Pompey is finished.
If you do not delay, make my wedding bed in the tomb where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you do not mind, come to my home, and I will wait for you.
Orlando sends his regards to you, and he sends this bloody handkerchief to the boy he calls “his Rosalind.”
Orlando, my lord, is the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, please do not call me those names.
Orsino, this is the same Antonio who took the picture.
Orsino.
Have one of your officers stay behind to bring you your commission and whatever else is important to you.
Othello?
Othello’s career is over.
Even her worst faults are charming, and holy priests bless her even when she acts the slut.
Our arms can be strong and cruel, and our hearts, filled with brotherly love, embrace you with kind love, good thoughts, and reverence
Our army will somberly attend this funeral and then depart for Rome.
Our bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener.
My brother is imprisoned because of you, I am disgraced, and the nobility are held in contempt.
I have so much care and pity for you that you could call me friend.
Our action will seem too bloody if we cut off Caesar’s head and then hack at his arms and legs.
He hadn’t arrived by the time we finished eating, so I went out looking for him.
Too bad it is spoiling our pleasure tonight.
We will do our duty to you, sir.
Our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave.
Today our hopes are at an end.
I am very afraid of Banquo.
Our land forces have bravely stood firm.
Our fate depends on this chance.
The battle on the sea is almost lost.
There are many herbs that will help him rest and take his mind off his anguish for a while.
I have left our luggage on the ship, and I bought the oil, balm, and liquor you wanted.
Our friends are waiting for you.
The general got rid of us early tonight so he could be with Desdemona.
Othello’s wife has a lot of influence.
Please, old friend, give us some good advice.
My brother, I will go with them.
Our hour is up.
It is hell in our house, and you helped cheer it up, like a funny devil.
Our wedding banquet will become a sad burial feast.
My Italy is full of civil war.
Our knocking woke him up.
Our masquerade mates are waiting for us.
Our master and mistress are looking for you.
We will maintain the lines of communication between us.
The army is ready.
Our forces are ready for them.
Our business now is mourning and grief.
I regret my crime more than my death, and I beg your Highness to forgive me while punishing my body with death.
The queen and her elves will be here soon.
Our reasons are so well considered that even if you were Caesar’s son, you would be satisfied with them.
We will both be safer if we go separate ways.
Our imminent separation so occupies our thoughts that even though you stay here, you come with me, and even though I leave, I stay with you
Our tattered navy has reassembled and set sail, as formidable as the sea itself.
All women would be angry with you for doing it, even though I am the only one who has been hurt by it.
The size of my sorrow must be as great as its source.
Our celebratory hymns will change to sad funeral marches.
My son will win.
It is time we hit the road.
Because I possess neither a voice nor a heart for flattery, I cannot awaken the spirit of love in her so as to make him appear in
Our troops are deployed tomorrow.
The war is over and the Turks are drowned.
Now, before God, our whole city owes this friar a great debt.
We want Antony taken alive.
May heaven save us from indecent thoughts.
Our tolerance for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak, like women.
I will walk around and mingle with all of you, playing the humble host.
We human beings do not control our own destinies.
Oh, no, that was my lady’s voice.
No, from the moon, I am telling you.
That is out of tune, sir.
Are you out of your mind and deaf?
I am sure he has been kidnapped.
Get out of my sight!
Get out of my sight! Dear Cesario, please do not be offended.
From their saddles into the dirt, that is another story.
There is much to be learned from these converts.
She disgusts me, the little hussy.
Curse you for your false appearances.
Damn her!
A rebel!
Get out of here!
Oh, no!
Stop, fool.
Get out, you horrible poison.
Out, out, brief candle.
Get out, you dark-skinned gypsy!
Wrong, evil traitor.
You worthless girl!
You disgust me, you little bug.
Out.
I go over hills and valleys, through bushes and thorns, over parks and fenced-in spaces, through water and fire.
Over your wounds, which, like speechless mouths, open their red lips, as though to beg me to speak. I predict that a curse
Whew!
Was he pale or flushed and red-faced?
Forgive me, darling Rosalind.
I beg your pardon.
Please forgive me, darling, for the sake of the vows we made to each other so recently.
Forgive me.
Do not pardon that.
Forgive my boldness if I take you up on your words about making magic.
If you forgive my mistake, I swear I will never break an oath with you again.
Please forgive us, dear father.
Please forgive me, master.
Forgive us, my lord.
Pardon, dear father.
Separate them.
Did you leave on good terms?
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I will say good night until tonight becomes tomorrow.
Let’s move.
That is it.
Grief seems to be contagious, for my eyes, seeing the tears in yours, began to fill.
I like her more than I can say.
There is no question that it will not style itself.
Past noon.
Right on time.
Now that is patience!
Be patient.
Please wait, sir.
Please.
Be patient, I am telling you.
Hold on a moment, and listen to my advice.
Pay him six thousand and cancel the debt.
Peace to you, my lord of Burgundy.
Silence, then.
Quiet there.
Quiet!
Quiet, children, quiet.
Shut up, you dodgy old wizard!
Shut up, fool.
Shut up, fool!
Hello, Grumio.
Be quiet, for shame.
Quiet!
Quiet there.
Wait!
Quiet, there.
Quiet, I say.
Quiet, quiet, Iras.
Quiet, quiet!
Be quiet.
Calm down.
Calm down, Smulkin, you fiend!
A piece of cheese will get him. I challenge you to a match.
Quiet, you stupid fool.
Be quiet, you foolish fool.
Shut up, you troublemaker, no more of that.
You would better shut up.
Quiet!
Silence!
Be calm.
Quiet now!
Oh, shut up!
Quiet!
Hang on a minute, who are you?
Peaseblossom.
Or maybe, to make it even more lovely, I will sing it when the heroine dies.
Maybe it will come again.
Perhaps there is a chance he did not drown. What do you think, sailors?
Maybe he won’t see me.
Maybe she cannot find him.
Maybe until after Theseus’s wedding day.
Maybe I will never go home again, Iago.
Maybe?
By God, your doors were locked and you were shut out.
God help me, I love you.
I have to tell you, I thought you were a much kinder person than this.
Perhaps  What is my love?
I might come back soon.
Perhaps some merchant at the marketplace invited him home for lunch.
Perhaps you have learned from life and not from books.
Let any man perish who is not ready now.
All right, go ahead, keep up your little game, pretend to be sympathetic, but then make faces at me when I turn my back.
I would rather be a slave or a packhorse for this hateful stablehand.
Peter Quince— What is it, jolly Bottom?
Peter, did you ever see anything like it?
Peter, wait for me at the gate.
Peter!
My name is Petruchio, son of Antonio, a man well known throughout Italy.
You have won.
I am warning you.
Let’s stand over here awhile.
Phoebe wrote it.
With all my heart, Phoebe.
Let your thoughts make up for our imperfections.
Pindarus, order our commanders to lead their charges a little away from this ground.
Tie him up like a thief and bring him here to me.
I was born in Pisa, famous for its serious citizens, like my father before me.
Pish to you, you mangy dog, you pointy-eared Icelandic mutt.
Pish!
Disgusting!
Little pitchers have big ears.
This is a pitiful sight.
Darn it, if I had guessed he was so brave and such a good swordsman, I never would have challenged him.
You cannot tell a story simply when it is a lie.
Plantagenet.
Make these men work.
Picture the cabin boys climbing around the rigging.
If it pleases you, your highness, why don't you sit with us and grace us with your royal company?
If it pleases you, your highness, will you lead us inside?
Duke, please proceed with your state business.
Please come closer and make the music louder.
Please tell me more.
Come to think of it, I am feeling sleepy.
Pray, let me stay.
Please, come to his house with me.
If your Grace would kindly appoint some members of your council to sit with me once more and go over them more carefully, I will give my answer
If your Majesty would like, I will muster up my friends and meet you wherever and whenever you like.
All this excitement has made the time fly by.
I have set dangerous plans in motion using lies, drunken prophecies, and stories about dreams to set my brother Clarence and the king against each other
Pull only his name out of his heart and let him go.
Gouge out his eyes!
Pull them apart.
Give us a smile.
Let me gather my wits and get serious here.
They pulled out the guts of the sacrificed animal and couldn’t find its heart.
Pull off my beard?
Poison, I see, has been the cause of his death.
They were poisoned, then.
Today Pompey laughs away his fortune.
Pompey has a strong navy.
Pompey is making the most of our absence.
You are talking like some innocent girl who does not understand the ways of the world.
The person who is poor and contented is rich enough.
Poor Antony!
You would be a pitiful bird.
Every night I am awakened by his voice. Goodbye, dear.
I am nothing but a poor, used fool.
Poor lady, she will go crazy when she sees it is missing.
She is shut inside a dead man’s tomb.
Poor man!
Only for poor men.
Do you want to know who they are?
Poor imitation queen, why do you align yourself with this humpbacked spider when he has you trapped in his deadly web?
Silly babbler, how you talk!
You poor soul, your face has suffered many tears.
Poor man!
The poor people died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his mind.
Poor Tom will take you there.
Poor Tom, your cup is empty.
Poor Tom is chilly.
Well, at least that is something.
Poor poisonous fool, be angry and bite.
Portia is dead.
Portia, goodbye to you.
Portia, are you really gone?
All these friends are my witnesses, so I swear to you, I swear by your beautiful eyes, in which I see myself reflected. Did you
Portia, what are you doing awake?
Do not let them know fear.
Report back to him quickly and tell him what has happened.
Ride to Salisbury.
Hurry.
Pour in the blood of a sow who has eaten her nine offspring.
Let it rain; I will survive.
That is it.
God is not our strength, be praised!
Another studpid answer.
I hope what she is saying is well, sir.
I hope to God he keeps his promise.
I hope to God I am proven wrong.
Pray that your wife does not send you a worse one.
I hope to God I am wrong about your chances.
I hope to God it is something political, like you think, and not jealousy involving you.
I hope to God Othello is all right.
Please rest.
Please, corporal, stop.
Go find him, please, and bring him to my tent.
Please marry us.
Please Margaret, help me write this poem for Beatrice.
Please, try to act a little more serious, or the people in Belmont will get the wrong impression about me, and your wildness will
Please go.
Excuse me sir?
I beg you to continue to be patient.
Please come in.
Please do not, sir.
Lead the way.
Please forgive and forget.
I have relinquished my authority, so please see me before long.
Pray you sit still.
Please avoid doing that.
Please go.
Please be careful.
Please come with me.
Go tell your generals to hurry their preparations.
If you do, please give it to me, because I need to start learning the lines.
Is he married to Cleopatra?
Please stay seated.
Please stop bowing, good sir.
Please hire Cassio again.
Give me your blessing.
Let’s put our heads together.
Please, do not be sad, and do not tell me how reluctant you are.
All right, stop this.
Excuse me sir, do you know anything about this?
Please stand up.
Now everyone be seated, as this is the part where we sit and chat as well as eat.
Please tell him I have surrendered to his fortune.
Please walk softly, so not even a mole hears us approach.
Please, dear, come here.
Please do not make fun of me.
Please give me that.
Tell me, do you have a virtuous and lovely daughter named Katherina?
Please put that log down and rest for a while.
Please, sir, be patient.
You should see a good one for me.
Why, what do you imagine his name to be?
Please write down “Borachio.”
Prepare the body, then follow us.
Let us prepare for our wedding on that day.
Prepare yourselves, generals.
Do not tell us what our duty is.
Come, lady; you must die in order to live.
Right now?
Yes, right now.
Go up there and second his petition.
Stop, Demetrius!
And maybe a third?
You will stay with me in Rouen.
I will get there first and tell him what we found.
Princes and counts!
The only glory princes have are their titles.
Prison, my lord?
Please give me a little credit.
You are kidding!
Please, go away.
Please, be cheerful.
I promise.
Please do not be angry.
Please, hurry up.
Please stop turning me around.
Please, Emilia, ask Cassio where he was tonight.
Please, my friend, give me all the news, both good and bad, at the same time.
Go inside yourself.
Tell me, please, how many boys and girls will I have?
Please, sir, be kind to me and tell me.
Please do not play games.
I beg you, listen well.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Please be quiet.
Please calm down, uncle.
Please, let’s not discuss it.
Please say no more.
Please be quiet.
Come on, put it away.
Please, tell me more.
Please, just look over there.
Tell me, who is this knight?
Go ahead, Moon.
Let’s proceed.
Give me the death sentence and end all my troubles.
Go on.
Proculeius, Caesar has heard about what you have done here and has sent for you.
Promise me you will let me live, and I will confess the truth.
Say welcome to all of our friends for me, sir, for in my heart they are all welcome.
Then lay that sentence on me, my lord.
Then repeat this after me: you cannot expect women to be faithful when men are so unreliable.
Go ahead.
Evidence enough to deceive the Prince, anger Claudio, ruin Hero, and kill Leonato.
I hear you say “proud” and “I thank you,” and then “no thank you.”
If you can prove that I will ever be so in love that I can’t be brought to my senses with a good round of beers
Please be true, please let it be that this man has mistaken me for you, my dear brother.
Order supplies for your trip and choose your traveling companions.
Try to get him to do that.
Do not provoke them to battle until we have finished at sea.
What is “ Puppet”?
Go after him and try to calm him down a little.
Do your best.
Call up your courage.
Put a lot of money together.
Here is what you will do.
Take me by the hand and say, "Harry of England, I am yours.
Put on my crown.
Be as lazy and neglectful as you like around him and the other servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light of the candle, and then put out the light of her heart.
Please go inside.
Either put away your sword or use it to help me stop this fight.
Put your sword away.
Put out your torches.
Pyramus is coming up to the wall.
Conquer, crush, conclude, and kill!
Start a fight?
Queen Margaret saw your sword steaming with his blood.
Talk makes him crazy.
Ask it something, Horatio.
Talk to the ambassadors who have just returned. Ask them how majestically he responded to their message, how well supplied he was with good advisors
About an hour for the ringing and fifteen minutes for the crying.
Quick, quick.
Let me have it now.
Go quickly to the castle, for I have given orders to have Lear and Cordelia killed.
Lay off, already.
Can’t you talk?
My master said it.
Rage on, blow!
Wake up the Montagues.
Cram your good news into my ears.
The rapier and the dagger.
Excellently, excellently.
Ratcliffe, around midnight come to my tent and help me put on my armor.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, it is me.
Ratcliffe!
I would rather die in a ditch in Egypt, and make it my gentle grave.
Too late is more like it.
I would rather be hung in chains from one of our pyramids.
I would rather lie in the Nile mud with flies laying their eggs in me, making me disgusting.
No, you must see them as your father sees them.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony.
Read it.
Read the will.
Read the will.
Read it.
How?
She is ready to go, but she will never return.
They are ready, my lord.
Yes, sir, I am here.
Here.
I am ready.
Kingdoms and provinces dropped from his pockets like loose change.
My murders will never come back to threaten me until the forest of Birnam moves, and I will be king for my entire natural life.
No!
Here, take the ring.
Cheer up as much as you can.
Do not refuse it.
Do not refuse the love we offer you.
Regan, I hope you did not know anything about that.
I believe you are, Regan.
Watch Titinius and tell me what you see in the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Please give in, sweet Hermia. And Lysander, stop acting like she is yours.
Relentless?
Stay in the dark.
Just remember to grab his books first, since without them he is just a poor fool like me, and can't command a single spirit.
How could I forget?
Remember March 15th.
Remember me.
He said, “Remember me.” I swore I would.
Remember the reward we are getting when the deed is done.
Remember to see me today.
Remember you.
Remember what I have told you.
Remember who liked your yellow stockings?
Do you remember anyone who died of it?
Remorseless, treacherous, sex-obsessed, unnatural villain!
The graceful and renowned king is dead.
Renowned duke, please join us in the abbey, where we will discuss at length all that has happened to us.
Be quiet, boy, or you will lose your mind.
Does he reward my dedicated service with such deep contempt?
Be sad only at the fact that you will lose your friend. Your friend does not regret that he paid your debt.
Regret that your mouth betrayed your actions.
Do not reply.
You can't trust all the rumors.
They are harder than the stones the house is made of.
Regret and everlasting shame sit on our helmets, mocking us.
My reputation, my reputation!
Help, dear lord, or the battle will be lost!
Help, my lord of Norfolk, help, help!
This isn’t a good moment for jokes. Save them till a happier time.
Have a good night!
Have a nice day!
Go back to where you are staying and go to sleep.
Let’s go back to our bedroom.
Retreat!
Go back with her?
Go back with her?
Go back to my sister’s.
Return to the gracious duke, good Catesby.
Back so soon?
Take revenge for his horrible murder, that crime against nature.
Revenge.
They burn for revenge.
Think like this all day, and you will learn how to curse.
Other than Richard, even those whom we fight against would rather we won.
Richard loves Richard, that is, there is just me and myself here.
Richard of York, how are you doing, my loving brother?
Richard, a fiendish spy for hell itself, still lives, but only long enough to buy souls to send below.
Richard.
Richmond is sailing on the sea.
A jumbled confession can only receive an absolution.
Ride out to the horsemen on that hill.
Are you going riding this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, and give these dispatches to our forces on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I am glad he wasn’t here for this fight.
We rejoice to see you, most worthy brother of England.
It is true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him, or else they are putting on quite an act.
They are just fine.
Yes, as kind as snow to a harvest.
My meaning, and I.
Ring the alarm bell.
It was wild insanity to believe promises made by the mouth and not the heart.
Get up and listen to me.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you are going to play Thisbe’s mother.
Roderigo has been killed?
Roderigo!
Rogue, you have lived too long!
Romans, countrymen, and friends.
Rome has lost the ability to raise noble men.
Romeo is hateful, even though God is not.
Romeo has been banished. That news brings infinite death.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must die.
Romeo will thank you, my girl, for both of us.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer the challenge.
Romeo, get out of here.
Romeo, come out.
Romeo cried out, “Stop, my friends.
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, are you going to your father’s for lunch?
Romeo?
Romeo!
What is this blood that stains the stony entrance of this tomb?
Romeo.
Romeo is a dishcloth compared to him.
Make room for Antony, the most noble Antony.
Make room!
Give him room.
Your love’s name is Rosalind.
You do not have the affection that would teach you that you and I are one.
Come on, woo me, woo me.
Round enough to be unattractive.
A very candid reply.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
I have always honored you as king, loved you as my father, obeyed you as my master, and thanked you in my prayers.
Your majesty!
Royal seductress!
Rub his temples.
You are a rude, ragged nurse and an old, sullen playmate for such tender princes.
Let thunder rumble!
Spread the rumor abroad that Anne, my wife, is very sick.
Run after that obnoxious messenger, the duke’s servant.
Run away, I beg you.
Run and proclaim it in the streets.
One of you run to the Queen with the news.
Run to the Capitol and nothing else.
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall on your knees, and pray to the gods to spare you the pain that you deserve for such ingratitude.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, oh, run!
Sad, my lady.
Saddle up my horses.
He is lying dead in a ditch, with twenty deep gashes in his head, any one of which would have been enough to kill him.
He is safe, Antony.
At dinner.
That is better than exaggerating our trust.
Isn’t that what he said?
Regan, is that what you said?
Yes, that is the one.
Saint Davy’s Day has passed.
Saint Francis, help me.
Valentine’s Day is over.
Saints do not move, even when they grant prayers.
No lie, she screamed at you.
Get away from me, Satan!
Everything except something to live on.
Hello, Curan.
God bless you, my friend, and your music.
Hello, Cassio!
Hello, sir.
Greetings, general!
The total due is about three ducats more than I owe this gentleman.
Saw who?
Did you see anything?
Have you seen him today?
Have you seen my lord?
Oh, no!
Did you see the king today, Lord Derby?
Did you see the weird sisters?
Did you see him enter this abbey?
Did you see the gloomy Lord Northumberland?
If you say it isn't true, I will give you a province and make you rich.
No, Orlando, men are like April when they are wooing a girl, young, and passionate, but like December once they are married.
Tell me again, where did you leave those lowlifes?
Speak confidently.
Tell me if it is good or bad, and I will wait for the details.
Tell me where you learned these strange things, and why you stop us at this desolate place with this prophetic greeting?
Tell him I am sick.
Say I will love her everlastingly.
Tell her that I, her king, am her lowly subject.
As soon as the deed is done, you will be in my favor and I will promote you.
Tell us, Othello.
You should not make that suggestion, Agrippa.
Do not say that.
Go on, my loving lord.
There are many troubles brewing now that have yet to become full-fledged threats.
If she is silent and won’t speak at all, I will praise her chattiness and say she speaks with piercing eloquence.
He asks her to do what God has asked her to do, and she will be a high and mighty queen.
I did all the things you named out of love for her.
Here is the story we will tell her: that I was with you at your shop, watching you make her necklace.
Let’s say I did not kill them.
Say that I hope he never has cause to look for a new master.
If she glares, I will say her brow is as clear as roses newly washed with morning dew.
If she rants, I will tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Imagine some woman who loves you as powerfully and agonizingly as you love Olivia.
Say the last word I spoke was “Antony,” and please word it pathetically.
For instance, our husbands.
Tell her you heard us, and that she should sneak into the arbor where the crisscrossing branches overhead keep the honeysuckles from
Go ahead and say you do not love me, but not so bitterly.
Tell me that you will accept my love.
Even if we said that this behavior suits him, only a man with a perfect character could avoid being disgraced by such behavior.
Just say “Yes” and I will turn more poisonous than the snake with the evil eye.
Tell me who shall have the better luck, Caesar or me?
Go tell the king I want to talk to him for a few minutes.
Tell the king what was happening in the battle when you left it.
Say what you want, but I know what I know.
Is Horatio here?
Admit you were wrong.
Do you think so?
What do you have to say for yourself?
Say, “That splendid Antony.” The courageous Caesar!
Tell me, do I have your consent to kill them?
For what?
How do you mean?
Would you rather hear these things from our mouths or from our master’s?
Tell me, is your tardy master close at hand?
Tell me, spirit, how is the king and his entourage?
Say, uncle Richard, if my brother comes, where will I stay until my coronation?
Tell me, Voltemand, what is the news from the king of Norway?
Just tell me.
Tell me, friend.
Do you really mean that?
You call this house dark?
As absolute a traitor as any in the entire world, or even France or England.
Damn it, you are not listening to me.
My God, do you think I am easier to manipulate than a pipe?
There is something downright unnatural about it if a philosopher stopped to think about it.
Keep my cups full and treat me as you did when I was one of your fellow servants, obeying my commands.
He would not drink much, since there is no wine here.
You call it my “Don’t you know?
Scorn and defiance, indifference, contempt, and any insult that would not disgrace the mighty sender. That is the value he puts on you.
Look for him in the corner of the orchard as if you were a sheriff’s deputy.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
If he has a face like yours, a good scratching couldn't make him look any worse.
That dirty rat!
That rotten scoundrel!
Naked,” he says.
End it, then, and everything is over.
I will be the leader of pain, and maybe I will lead you as far as death.
Search high and low, in every acre of the fields, and bring him here for me to see him.
Investigate how this foul murder came about.
While I was looking for a flint to light it, I found this paper on the window, sealed up like this, and I am sure
Listen carefully while I tell you the amazing thing I saw, with these gentlemen as witnesses.
Are you Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father’s name, and my brother was named Sebastian.
A sense of security opens the door to conspiracy.
Learn to see better, Lear, and let me stay here where you can look to me for good advice.
Go find out the news.
Fabian, bring him here.
Look how she carries on with him.
Look how she leans her hand on her cheek.
Look how they kiss and carry on.
Look how the judge yells at a simple thief.
See that it is done, and prepare a feast for the soldiers.
You will never see me again, whether or not he is dead.
Do not greet your bride in these disgraceful clothes.
I will give you more instructions later.
Do not lie.
See the wound that Casca made.
There he is at the window.
See how he stands between two clergymen.
Look, here she is, with your ungovernable wives in tow, like prisoners of her womanly persuasion.
Look, she has come home from confession with a happy look on her face.
Here they come.
Go look and then do the talking yourself.
Look around you, Caesar.
Check and see if he is breathing.
Here he comes.
Look, it is going away.
See, ladies, how they scorn me now.
Look, here comes the man we were looking for.
Look, here comes our honored hostess!
They respond to you with their hearts as well.
Who is that coming over here?
Look, your wife is with him.
You will not be seeing anything. Hold his chair still, men. I am going to put my foot on his eyes.
Find him and tell him to come here.
Look for him, Titinius, while I go to meet the noble Brutus and force him to hear this news.
Find out who did it!
Make yourself comfortable.
Do not try to find out more.
Go find those herbs for him before his madness puts his life in danger.
Seek!
Do they seem religious?
Can't you see that?
Look here, this is the entrance to his room.
Do you see this sweet sight?
Signor Martino and his wife and daughters, Count Anselme and his beautiful sisters, Signor Placentio and his wife and daughters
Signor Valentio and his cousin Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena. That is a nice group of people.
Drive it out of you.
Self-love, my liege, is not so great a sin as self-neglect.
Send for him, dear uncle.
Send for the Count.
Bring him here and ask him.
Send him here, and I will persuade him.
Sir Toby needs help right away.
Send more cavalry.
Send the deed after me and I will sign it.
Send your man away.
Send something along to prove you are withdrawing the orders.
Send a message to his brother.
Did he tell Macduff to return to Scotland?
Servant monster?
Have faith, love me, and you will get better.
Be good.
To work for you, sir.
To work as a servant.
Set the honorable old man down and let him eat.
Set down your honorable load, men, if there is ever any honor in being dead.
Bring him in front of me.
Set it down.
Set it down.
Put the goblets of wine on that table.
Lead me to where you are standing.
Tell your wife to watch her.
Continue, then, and perform all of the rituals.
Assemble our squadrons on the other side of the hill, in sight of Caesar’s navy.
Write all this.
Places, everyone!
Get over it.
Seven days and seven nights?
I would send seven of my servants to go get him.
Sextus Pompeius is sailing toward the port of Rome.
Seyton!
I am sick at heart when I see you.
Shake off your sleepiness.
Shake off sleep, which looks like death, and look at death itself.
The dovehouse shook with the earthquake.
Will it be tonight at supper?
Would I send a lie?
Shall I stay in this dreary world, which is no better than a pigsty without you?
Shall I accompany your Grace?
Does a madman scare me when he stares at me?
Will I be married tomorrow morning?
Shall I put it plainly?
Shall I be tempted by the devil?
Should I believe that death is in love with you, and that the awful monster keeps you here to be his mistress?
Would I ever deny you anything?
Shall I come down?
Would I dare do something like that?
Can I do what all the Parthian arrows, though shot by enemies, could not?
Can I have a word with you?
Should I get your nightgown?
Should I go convince my daughter to marry you?
Can we have some water please?
Who wouldn’t get sad thinking about things like that?
Will I hear from you soon?
Should I tend your pigs and eat husks with them?
What is your answer?
Should I violate my soul by disobeying it?
Shall I be your slave?
Shall I tell Caesar what you request from him?
Should I say to you, “Set them free!
Can I have a word with you privately?
Should I strike it with my spear?
Should I do it now?
Should I tell you why?
Should I tell her that you are coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
It won't be long before I am back.
Shall I let them exhibit me to the shouting mobs of Rome?
Will they see us?
Will we be separated?
Shall we call in the ambassador, my liege?
Should we just get down to it?
Should we do that?
Should we all give up and drown?
Should we see the sights in the town?
Should we go find Benedick and tell him about Beatrice’s love?
Shall we send them food and fresh clothing and feed their starving horses before we fight them?
Yes.
Will we hear from you before bedtime, Catesby?
Won’t we, Sir Andrew?
Shall we not?
Should we part, sweet girl?
Should we sing a round to wake up the night owl?
Shall we go watch this wrestling match?
Well, shall we get moving?
Should we see what he thinks?
Should we watch this ridiculous scene?
Should we go inside?
Is the building of your love already in ruins?
Your other daughter Regan will treat you kindly, you will see.
Shame on Romeo.
Shame on you.
Once she exclaimed, “Sisters, sisters, shame on you!
Shame, eternal shame, and nothing but shame.
She had no food today and will have none tomorrow.
She says that you should come to her.
With the quick, intelligent wit she is rumored to have, she can't really be a bad judge of character.
She cannot deny it.
She cannot stand to hear about getting a husband.
She cannot even imagine what “love” is.
She confessed.
She creeps along.
She wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to bed.
She complimented me on my yellow stockings recently, and she said she liked how the crisscross laces looked on my legs.
Yes, she did tell us.
She flirted with the messenger boy to exasperate you, fire up your passions, and make you angry and jealous.
She was only dead, my lord, as long as her slander lived.
She will die for it.
She is still at the monastery, kneeling and praying for a happy marriage.
She is probably right.
You said she slept with Cassio.
She weeps for Edward and so do I, while she does not weep for Clarence, though I do.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to his whore.
Do you think she gave it to Cassio?
She says you are going to marry her.
She had a premonition of what has actually happened.
She knew an old song called "Willow" that reminded her of her own story, and she died singing it.
She lied to me, and she may lie to you.
She always has to have a light next to her.
She has disarmed me.
She said something she shouldn’t have said, I am sure of that.
She has betrayed me and shall die.
She is welcome to stay.
She is not even fourteen years old.
Well, she got away.
Look, she has spotted him with those sweet eyes of hers.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.
Yes she has, and by keeping celibate, she wastes her beauty.
She hangs around me all the time.
He gave Syria, Cilicia, and Phoenicia to Ptolemy.
She has royal blood.
She is a virtuous and holy lady.
She is banished.
She is more cunning than anyone can imagine.
She will be damned for it.
She is the daughter of this famous Duke of Milan whom I heard so much about but never saw before.
She is dead.
She has been drowned in salty sea water, and now my salty tears are about to drown her memory.
She is as valuable as any dowry could ever be.
She is a perfect woman, it is true.
She has a low-pitched voice.
She is only sad when she sleeps, and not even then.
She is not feeling well.
She is not good enough for you.
She is not, madam.
She is so generous, kind, and ready to help that she thinks it is wrong not to do everything she is asked to do.
She is our principal demand, one of the first points of the treaty.
She thinks I will marry her because she loves me.
Her reputation is also her own.
She is round, like a globe.
She is awake, sir.
She is yours. Come, Ariel!
She is too much for me to handle.
She is too beautiful and too wise to deserve heaven’s blessing.
She has been in a man’s bed.
She is alive.
She said she loved me for the dangers I had survived, and I loved her for feeling such strong emotions about me.
I really think she loves me.
It is true she looked at me a lot, in fact, she looked at me so much that she seemed distracted, and couldn’t
She mocks all her suitors so severely that they drop the suit.
She will have to have it.
I guess now she is going to be my sister-in-law and not my wife.
She is Phoebe-ing me.
She gave up her life with your name still within her.
She replied by saying that it would be better for him to be her guest instead.
She is sending this ring back to you.
You will appear even brighter and more virtuous when she is out of the picture.
Yes, she said that.
She says all the right things, but the dumbest brothel-keeper would tell the same story.
She says she thinks this is a prank.
She sent Dromio to bring you home for lunch.
She will be buried next to her Antony.
She will be buried with her face upwards, then.
She cannot hurt you, Helena.
She will not.
She shall, Lucentio.
She would have died later anyway.
She has a body, not a life.
She will find out soon enough by one of our messengers how respectfully and kindly we will treat her.
She speaks daggers, and every word stabs.
She is talking, but she is not saying anything.
She is talking.
She stood and spoke.
She fainted at the sight of them bleeding.
She thanked me and told me that if a friend of mine had a story like mine to tell, she would fall in love with him.
That woman who claims I am her husband, I loathe her in my soul.
She will wither and come to a bad end.
If either of you acts shy, I will swear she has corns.
A woman who was beautiful but never proud, who could speak well but knew when to be quiet, who dressed well but was never overdressed.
Signed, she who would be your servant, "The Fortunate Unhappy.” This is as clear as sunlight in an open field.
The woman who claims to be your wife just ran away from you.
She was so young, but she deceived her father so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft.
She told my mother that as long as she kept it with her, my father would love and desire her.
She took that ring from me.
She cheated on me, and she was a whore.
She was a hellcat in school.
She was fickle and unfaithful, like water.
She was here just now.
Dido was from Carthage, not Tunis.
She was previously Caius Marcellus’ wife.
She was too attached to her filthy marriage to do a thing like that.
She was too good for me.
Well, she was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She is full of good advice.
She would make a good wife for Benedick.
She will be pleased.
She will be a pimp.
She will not come.
She will not.
She will have a seat. You heard my daughter tell you how.
I know that Regan will taste just like Goneril, both of them sour crabapples.
She said she wished she hadn’t heard it, but she also wished there was a man like me for her.
We will maintain that she died the instant she was accused. Everyone who hears this will grieve for her, pity her, and excuse her actions
When she was dying, she gave it to me and told me to give it to my wife when I got married.
It will heal and be as good as new, and we will be threatened by its fangs once again.
She is a good little woman, and she adores me.
She is a remarkable lady, if the rumors are to be believed.
She is an excellent, sweet woman, and there is no doubt that she is virtuous.
She is busy and cannot come! Is that an answer?
She does not appear honorable from the outside.
She is cold.
She is as dead as the cold ground.
Our Queen is dead too.
She is dead, deceased, she is dead.
She is dead, my Queen.
She is dead, she is dead, she is dead.
She is desperate.
She is full of good intentions.
She is very moral.
She is gone forever.
She was lying even as she was going to hell.
She is not even fourteen.
It is best to marry well and die young, better than to be married for a long time.
All the worse that she stooped this low, then.
There is my dagger. Put away your dagger.
Do not shed any blood, or cut less or more than exactly a pound of flesh.
Come out, beautiful sun. Until I have bought a mirror to admire my reflection in, I will watch my shadow as I stroll along.
Soon all my work will be done, and you will be free.
Should I be?
Would I have ever done that to you?
Do you want me to lie?
Shouldn’t I say, “Does a dog have money?
Do not jump on our course.
If you take it too seriously, it will have bad effects that I did not want it to have.
Show us the way, sir.
Show him and make him grieve.
Tell me how.
Take me to him.
Tell me how.
Women, dress me like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut the doors after you.
If you shut the windows, it will pour out the keyhole.
Lock the doors, my lord.
Lock the doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, although I never lend or borrow with interest, I am willing to break that habit to help a friend in need.
Shylock, are you listening?
Shylock, they are offering you three times the money you lent.
I am sick, sick!
Signior Baptista, I am in a bit of a hurry.
That is  Signior Baptista, will you really be this cruel?
Signior Baptista, I am glad to see you. This is the gentleman I told you of.
Signor Brabantio, hey!
Mr. Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I return.
Signior Gremio, are you coming from the church?
Hortensio, good friends like us can get by on a few words.
Hortensio, have you come to break up the fight?
Signior Leonato, listen to the friar’s plan.
Signor Lodovico?
Signor Montano, your brave and loyal servant, gives you this information and asks you to send reinforcements to relieve him.
Sir, is everyone in your family at home?
Sir, it is the Moor.
Yes, Signior?
This letter is for you from Signor Antonio.
Signor Antonio, you have often insulted my money and my business practices in the Rialto.
Signor Antonio?
Listen, Signor Bassanio, there is nothing to worry about.
Signor Bassanio!
Signior Benedick!
Sir, my brother is very fond of you.
Be quiet for a while. Robin, take off his donkey head, and get the fairies to play some music.
Stop that alarm from ringing, it is scaring the islanders.
Be quiet.
Quiet!
He was shocked to learn that on the same day you fought the rebels, you also fought against the army of Norway.
Silver.
I love you so much that I will send your soul to heaven very soon. If heaven will accept anything from me, that is.
Sin from my lips?
I have not slept since Cassius first began to turn me against Caesar.
Since Cleopatra died, I have lived in such dishonor that the gods despise my disgrace.
Since he has the jewel I loved, which you swore you would keep forever, I will be as generous as you were to him.
In the time since he left Egypt, he could have traveled a longer distance.
I have been practicing fencing constantly since he went off to France.
Since Macbeth went to war, I have seen her rise from her bed, put on her nightgown, unlock her closet, take
Since I am suddenly all the rage, it will be worth the cost.
Ever since I arrived here, just now, I have been hearing strange rumors.
Since you are letting me leave, I will hurry.
Ever since I have been a free agent in my choice of friends, I have chosen you because you take everything life hands you with calm acceptance.
Ever since Cordelia left for France, sir, the fool has been depressed.
Since nobody knows anything about what he leaves behind, then what does it mean to leave early?
Since my beauty no longer pleases my husband, I will weep away what is left and then die with weeping.
Since you love money and power so much, I will not be your wife.
Since the light of my life has gone out, I will stop here.
Ever since the Duke’s messenger visited Olivia, she has been upset.
Since the youth will not be reasoned with, he will have to suffer for his stubbornness.
I swore I would never speak to them again.
Since this prize is yours, be happy with it, and do not look for a new one.
Since you are giving me new assignments, let me remind you what you promised me but haven’t come through with yet.
Sinful Macduff, they were killed because of you.
Sing it tonight.
Then sing it.
Let Rome fall!
I will, as surely as I am a gentleman.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate argument for my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby would bet a fortune that I am not smart, but he would not bet two cents that you are not a fool.
Sir Toby, I have to be frank with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your relative.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, please go find my lady Olivia.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot; Sir William Stanley; Oxford; the highly feared Pembroke; Sir James
You can have a whole story, not just a word.
Sir, a word before you go.
Hello, sir.
Aren’t you my father?
But since you are his scoundrel servant, I will.
Do you mean to say that the duke has abandoned the glamorous court to live as a monk?
Do you know who I am?
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck, sir.
Do not be upset.
Father, take pity on him.
Sir, he told me quite bluntly that he did not feel like it.
Sir, he ate with this woman at the Porcupine.
Sir, he is with Caesar.
Sir, he may still be alive.
He is hot-tempered, and he might try to hit you with his staff.
Here is the door, sir.
Sir, he left his belongings and treasure.
Sir, your description of him does not detract from his good qualities, though I know that trying to list them all would make your head spin.
Sir, I am upset.
I told them to take. Oh, what a mistake!
Sir, I cannot.
Sir, I leave you to your own contentment.
Sir, I know you, and I trust you enough to share something very important with you.
I am not holding your hand, sir.
Sir, I have no future ahead of me.
Sir, I must get that diamond ring back from you.
Sir, I would not say I was your friend, but I have praised you when you deserved ten times more praise than I gave.
Sir, we believe you are both lying criminals.
Sir, I tell you that we are not.
I will meet all your attacks, even if you come charging at me with a lance at full gallop.
I will try to make myself worth your knowledge.
I will answer for everything.
In Algiers, sir.
In short, when I told him how firmly opposed I was to his plan, he pulled out his sword and lunged at my defenseless
Dearest, kindest, most honorable sir, may I say, with your esteemed approval, which is lit up by the illuminating radiance of
There was a kind of war in my brain that wouldn’t let me sleep.
Sir, do you recognize this glove?
Fifteen days of March have gone by.
We will follow as soon as Mark Antony kisses Octavia good-bye.
I am hanging on every word.
I will change that name for you.
Please do not waste your time mulling over how strange this business is.
No, sir.
Sir, Octavius has already arrived in Rome.
Sir, pardon me for what I am about to say.
Should I go see the lady?
She can turn and turn, and then turn on you again.
No, sir, she is human.
Sir, please calm down.
The laws of Ephesus will be on my side, and you will be embarrassed.
Sir, sir, sir.
Sir, sir, that cannot be true.
I swear, sir, you did not eat at home.
How do you do, sir?
The gods have ordained it to be like this.
Sir, here is the Queen.
Venice has made Cassio governor here on Cyprus.
There she is, over there.
They are really being spoken, sir, and they are true.
This is what it is all about. Please, I beg you.
Sir, these accusations should be answered.
Do you take her or leave her?
If she gave you as much lip as she gives me, you would be sick of her by now.
Sir, you and I must part company. No, that is not it.
Sir, welcome to our house.
Sir, that is well said and well thought out.
Noble words, sir.
Sir!
Pardon me?
Sorry, sir.
Your father would be a fool to give you all his wealth and spend his declining years as a guest in your house.
It is no time for jokes: sober up.
Go, lad, and find out what the trumpet sounds for.
I will recite something for you.
Hey, naked guy. Poor Tom is chilly.
Young man, your father is dead.
What do you think?
Sirs, never mind.
Sir, take up the corpse.
Sister, be happy in your unhappiness. Sir, I will humbly obey you.
Sister, calm down.
Sister, I have a lot to say about things that concern us both.
You are welcome here, sister.
And you, sister?
Sister, you know he promised to give me a necklace.
Goneril, are you coming with us?
Sit down for a while, and we will tell you the story you do not want to believe, about what we have seen two nights now.
Sit down and eat, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit between us.
Sit down, Clitus.
Have a seat and talk to her.
Let’s have the evidence.
Sit down, Jessica.
After you.
Sit down, worthy friends.
Have a seat.
I did not, either.
As I sat on the shore crying over my father’s shipwreck, I heard the music creep over the wild waves, calming their fury
Six or seven thousand, at most.
Stand back, boy.
It is just lies, sir.
Caliban!
Slay!
Get a little sleep.
I hope you sleep peacefully.
He will not catch a wink of sleep, either at night or during the day.
Go to sleep, and I will wrap my arms around you.
Defend me, God, both when I am asleep and when I am awake.
By God, I will go after him again and beat him up.
Are you trying to make fun of me?
A little food and a huge welcome makes a joyous feast.
I have had very little joy as England's queen.
Go blabber with your gossiping friends.
Smile, then, on this beautiful union.
Are you laughing at what I say, as if I were a fool?
You are smiling?
So shut up!
It is a big deal to you.
All hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
So will we all.
That is what I intend to do.
The Prince and Claudio, who accused her, are innocent as well, because they were deceived by Don John.
Curly golden hair moves so nicely in the wind and makes a woman beautiful.
You are welcome here, as are all of you English princes.
You must be ready for revenge when you hear me out.
So go away.
I am all right.
Damn my soul if these accusations are true.
Bless you, master.
Caesar might act like that.
So order the armies to rest, and let’s go home to share the glories of this happy day.
I can.
By Christ, I will cut off your head.
So could I.
I would second your wish if it meant that Lucentio could have Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved this man so much it makes me weep.
She is so good at sewing, and a wonderful musician.
He swore he would marry her tonight.
You told me to do the same, my liege.
So do all thoughts.
I always pray for them.
I am expecting his reproach.
I do too, my lord.
I am not.
I wish I could.
Likewise, our common men lie drenched in the blood of princes, and their wounded steeds, ankle-deep in gore, struggle and,
To this day, the kings of France follow this unspoken rule.
You do the same wherever the crowds are thick.
The brighter lights always dim the smaller ones.
In fact, every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the tool to free himself.
Goodbye, all, for my tongue has almost finished with its life.
Goodbye until we meet again.
Goodbye for now.
Goodbye to you both.
Please treat my babies well.
The ghost frowned just like the king did once when he attacked the Poles, traveling on the ice in sleds.
Love is so vivid and fantastical that nothing compares to it.
That is what Fulvia told me.
Go in peace.
It is a disgrace to us all.
Good night to everyone.
So Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are in for it.
They are possibly Antony’s friends.
You have dared him to single combat.
Yes, he does.
He laughed at that and let me go.
Charles did the same to the second brother, and the third.
God knows I have done my best to argue for you, and made him angry at me for being so aggressive.
I have found it out.
With that, I will be off.
I am free.
I am resolved to let him live.
I enchanted them so thoroughly that they followed me through thorn bushes and prickly shrubs that tore up their shins.
No, please, read it like a sane person.
That is what I am doing.
I hope you are right.
I am that great gust to her fire.
I will, my liege.
I am young, and my sense of reason has just ripened.
In order to find a mother and a brother, I have lost myself unhappily.
It is on earth.
He did.
He is still sharp when it comes to carrying out a bold or noble enterprise, though he puts on this show of stupidity.
So is Lysander.
Are you listening, monster?
My horse is Octavius, and for that reason I give him all the hay he wants.
That is the deal.
The greatest sorrow is mine.
That is what I hear.
I guess not, for good reason, as you will soon hear.
That is the way it should be. Only Antony should conquer Antony.
Such a kind father! Are my horses ready?
Then we can let this ambitious tyrant continue unchallenged until each of us is killed at his whim.
Let’s have him land and solemnly proceed to London.
It might as well be the same with Caesar.
As long as that continues.
I have been crazed with so many miseries that my tongue has tired of lamenting and gone mute.
It may be so.
Not if you want to keep your arms.
So much for Fortinbras.
That is why I praise myself, who is quite praiseworthy.
That is enough about that.
That is the end of the announcement.
Our leader is being led.
So the candle went out and now we are all in the dark.
So, perhaps, did yours.
If the Duke and his court agree to set aside the fine for one half of his property, I am happy, as long as he lets me
I beg your pardon, sir. What did that guy say?
If you want to read it, I have not heard it yet, though I have heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Yes, sir, he is here at the door right now and asks to see you.
Something about Hamlet.
If you like, we will stand by and wait to do whatever you need.
If you wish.
Your grace, the person who is going to deliver the prologue is ready.
If that would be all right with your Lordship.
Would you mind if we woke up the king?
That is how intense things are.
Such a wonderful father-in-law and wife make this place a paradise.
That is good, if he will really do it.
I agree.
That is what the Prince and my fiancé say.
That way, he will waste his provisions and tire out his soldiers, weakening his own capacities.
Then I could stop wondering, and find some other career.
That is exactly what I will do, my love, and I hope you will do the same.
You will feel the loss, but the man you weep for will feel nothing.
And
That is the way to show me friendship.
So that she may live, I will say I cheated on Edward and that she is not really his child.
That is the way a good deed shines in a naughty world.
A murderer should look like you do, so pale and grim.
He looks like someone with a strange tale to tell.
That is how someone who has been murdered should look, and that is how I look.
If you were king, we would do the same.
He was so slick in covering over his plans, that if it hadn’t been for his love affair with Shore’s wife,
That is how it was with Henry the Sixth, who was crowned in Paris when he was only nine months old.
Thoughts work so quickly that even now you can imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords suggest that he carry his battle-scarred sword
Take her, shepherd, and God bless you.
Tell them this, Publius.
My enemies help me understand myself better, which is an advantage, and my friends help me lie about myself, which is a disadvantage.
Depending on what we plant—weeds or lettuce, or one kind of herb rather than a variety, the garden will either be barren and useless
Among the ten thousand the French have lost, sixteen hundred are mercenaries.
I couldn’t go to Mantua because I was stuck there.
It should be clear as day that King Pepin’s title, Hugh Capet’s claim, and the resolution of King Lewis
If four negatives make two affirmatives, I am worse off because of my friends and better off because of my foes.
So the fool follows you.
May the gods protect you and change the hearts of the Romans so that they will give you their support.
May the gods bless you.
The life that died with shame lives on with fame.
That way, the maiden that stood between me and them will be the means of achieving my desire.
The weak third of the triumvirate is imprisoned until death frees him.
Then I would be punished for the sins of my mother.
It eases the spirit.
That is true, they are.
As long as they did not do anything, it would only be a minor sin.
You could just as easily say that a king sleeps near a beggar if the beggar lives near him.
If you live to see yourself similarly denied your rights, this foolish patience will abandon you.
My soul depends on it. A thousand times good night.
To you, most noble Caesar.
Give my answer to them both.
She turns men inside out and never acknowledges the integrity and merit that a man has.
I was his daughter when you banished him.
I was his daughter when your Highness took my father’s dukedom.
We grew together like twin cherries—which seemed to be separate but were also together—two lovely cherries on one stem.
Your words, like your wounds bring you honor.
So were their daggers, which we found on their pillows, unwiped.
So were you.
When he opens his wallet to give us our pay, your conscience will fly out.
As old and white-haired as you are, and you are such a traitor?
That is how I will turn her good intentions into a big trap to snag them all.
That is how Claudio will respond.
Yes, madam, until I sleep with you.
You will also confess, I am sure, that you love me.
That is what you will say once you have seen part two.
That is how you will talk about me when you are in this mood.
That is not what I wish.
You want to put a man in your belly.
Do you recognize the handwriting?
As long as you move gracefully, look handsome, and say nothing, I am yours for the dance.
So young and so cruel?
So young, my lord, and honest.
“So-so” is good, very good, an excellent answer.
Goodbye.
What, Gertrude?
Come help me bang on the door, master.
So be it Dolabella.
Goodbye.
Good, I am satisfied.
If we do, it will drive us crazy.
Let me hear what you have to say.
Knowing how much I loved my books, he gave me some books from my library that I value more than my dukedom.
Go then, slave.
So, so, so, so.
That is correct.
I thank you all, and I invite each and every one of you to come watch me be crowned king of Scotland at Scone.
There is the signal to ride.
We seemed to have two separate bodies, but we had one heart.
Like that.
So be it.
Just remember that he is Caesar.
Which one of you is Beatrice?
Stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music.
Go on, Caesar.
Isn’t that him heading this way?
But wait, there is some prose after her poem.
Wait, do not rush.
Hang on, sir!
Calm down, calm down.
Wait a minute.
Wait!
Wait.
The priest is already there.
Wait a minute, gentlemen.
Take a little vacation in Mantua.
Hey, hey!
Yoo-hoo!
Hey!
Soldier, you are.
Soldier, why are you wearing that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you must come to the king.
Soldiers, watch carefully.
Soldiers, sir.
I was such a beast to be angry at him.
Some achieve greatness. What are you saying?
Some are born great.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Please, somebody, get us out of here.
You are shaking with emotion.
Give me some comfort, Nurse.
I have important business that requires me to remain in disguise for a while longer.
Some good friend of his must have died, because nothing else in the world could change a man so much.
Some dungeon.
Thirty-five or thirty-six of his knights met him at the gate, and together with some others they have set off for Dover.
We had food and fresh water that a nobleman from Naples, Gonzalo, had given us out of the kindness of his heart.
It will give you some protection from this storm.
I wish some god could help me choose.
I want to do a little good despite my evil nature.
Get somebody strong to carry him out of here.
A little bit of grief shows a lot of love.
It is a bit of a hurry, my lord.
Even innocents cannot always escape disaster.
Some kinds of lowly activities are done for noble reasons.
Someone who can ride fast, go to the duke of  Here.
Some men do not like roast pig, others go crazy if they see a cat.
Enough!
Some of them are leaning already.
It is about who I am, and how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
I hope some will fall off tomorrow.
Officers, take them away.
We need some oracle to tell us what is going on.
Some other time.
Have some others search.
Some people say that the earth shook as if it had a fever.
Some say the lark makes a sweet division between day and night.
It is the same man who got you upset and made you suspect I had cheated on you with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple must have taken the counter-order, who came after Clarence was already buried.
Some of them give me money, some invite me places, some thank me for the kind things I have done for them. Some try to sell
Some people will laugh at anything, and others are so grouchy they will not even crack a smile when they hear something funny.
Some people kiss shadows.
Some of you go to Decius’s house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius’s.
Some should go to the public platforms and cry out, “Liberty, freedom, and democracy!” People, do not be afraid
There were twenty Montagues fighting in this awful riot, and together those twenty could only kill one man.
Some villain has told lies about me.
Some villains in my court must have known about this and let it happen.
Bring in more wine.
Somebody is knocking.
Someone deliver the order that Buckingham be brought to Salisbury.
Something about Cyprus.
You have probably heard about the change that has come over Hamlet. That is the only word for it, since inside and out he is different
It was urgent and important enough to require his personal presence.
Whatever we decide to do.
There must be some political news from Venice, or some dangerous plot here in Cyprus has ruined his good mood.
Sometimes I will turn into fire.
Sometimes snakes wrap around me, hissing at me with their forked tongues until I go crazy.
Sometimes I appeared in many places at once.
Sometimes she rides over a courtier’s lips, and he dreams of making money off of someone.
Sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me.
Son, I will stake you half that Bianca comes.
If it pleases you, I will meet you in the marketplace at five and will keep you company until bedtime.
I hope I see him and hear him again soon.
But you have to.
I will help.
Truly, madam, I do not hear anything.
Sorrow interrupts all hours and seasons.
I am sorry my noble brother is suspicious of me.
He has killed three people, and he is so furious right now that the only thing that will satisfy him is seeing you die.
Pronounce them, it is just as nice to say.
Play the music, and we will lull these people to sleep with our soft dancing.
Blow the trumpet!
Soundly, my lord.
Queen of Egypt, greetings!
A prison like that would give me enough liberty.
Didn’t you clearly say “Knock,” “pound,” and “put your fists to work?
Are you talking about Caesar?
Did you speak to him?
Were you talking about Juliet?
Do not worry about the cost.
Try again.
Speak one rhyme, and I will be satisfied.
Say it again, just one word, and my hand, which killed your lover out of love, will kill your far truer lover.
If you wish to speak of love, speak more softly.
No more talk about my father; you will be whipped for slander one of these days.
Do not argue against it.
Do not talk about Helena.
Do not be crass. You all look confused.
Do not say anything.
Speak once again.
Speak softly.
You are right.
Perform the speech as I taught you, musically and smoothly.
Pass the order along.
Do not speak of this again.
Say something.
Good night to you.
Talk to him.
Speak plainly.
Tell me what you are.
You can speak to me.
Speak to us.
We should speak what we feel, not what we ought to say.
Keep your voice down.
Say something again.
Tell me what you are fighting about.
Do you really speak like such a gentleman?
Tell me what it is about.
What is it, Agrippa?
Speak, Claudio, that is your cue.
Hands speak for me.
Speak, I command you.
Speak.
Speak, if you can.
Tell me, is it missing?
Say something, man!
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair one, and speak fairly, I beg you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus. Thisbe, come forward.
Speak up and tell me.
Speak, speak.
Say something.
Speak.
Tell me.
Tell us.
Say something.
Are you serious?
Are you speaking from your heart?
Send him on his way quickly.
Here is some money for you.
Spirit, we have to get ready to meet with Caliban.
Yes, they are spirits that I have called out of their prisons to perform my whims.
Let lightning spit fire.
Spoken like a brave man who respects his reputation.
Well said!
It will be fun, I promise.
Sport?
Let the rain spray.
Step aside.
Stand aside, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stay hidden and listen.
Stand further away.
Stand close together, in case someone loyal to Caesar tries to interfere. Don’t talk about standing together.
Stay here, Titinius.
Stand away from the body.
Stand away from the hearse.
Stay right here and try to look good.
Do not stand there shocked.
Stand still.
Since it is drizzling, stand under this overhang with me and I will tell you everything.
Stop right there.
Prepare yourselves.
Stand up.
Watch me stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave.
Stand up if you are really a man.
Stop.
Halt.
Halt!
Stand and fight, you overdressed servant, fight!
Halt!
Is he standing or sitting?
Is Scotland the same as when I left it?
Stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him, and I laughed and refused to flee with him.
Stanley, Richmond is your wife’s son.
Stanley, pay attention to your wife’s activities.
Stanley, what news do you have?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius waved the torchlight at us, but he has not come back.
Stay and speak.
Stay here for a moment.
Stay here.
Don’t stay to answer me. Get going.
Do not stay here, go away.
Hold the friar too.
Wait until I read the letter.
Stay with us tonight.
Hang on a second.
Wait, countrymen.
Do not move, dog.
Stay, fellow.
Stay, lovely Helena.
Give me a goblet. This pearl is yours.
Please, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay here for a bit.
Wait, madam.
Stay here at your own risk.
Wait, do not stand next to each other.
Stay, then.
Stop, even if only to kill me.
Wait, Tybalt, wait!
Stay and tell me more.
Stay!
Did it stay a long time?
My name is Stephano, and I have come to tell you that my mistress will arrive here at Belmont before sunrise.
CALIBAN  Stephano!
Stephano!
Let me go, gentlemen.
It is all still yours.
Indulge us further and supplement our performance with your own imaginings.
All I ever did was tell him how hurtful and bad it was.
The same accessories.
The voice kept crying, “Sleep no more!” to everyone in the house.
Let them last forever.
I am still faithful, my lord.
Are you still so cruel?
The cold wind is still blowing through the hawthorn tree.
You have not said anything incriminating.
Get up early tomorrow, at the sound of the lark.
That, stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he is coming to England to claim the crown.
Gravestones have been known to move, and trees to speak, to bring guilty men to justice.
Really?
Kneel, Romans, kneel, and let’s wash our hands.
Stop her!
Hold on a second.
Keep it from leaving.
If you stop up the keyhole, it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke.
Listen to him speaking in quarter notes.
I have to do these things before I have a chance to think about them.
Strangle her in her bed, the same bed she is contaminated with.
Strato, you have slept this whole time.
Play, trumpets!
Hitting his wife?
Do not attack by land.
Light the candles.
Clink your cups together in a toast.
Beat the drum.
Play, I say.
Strike!
Hit them!
Small but brave in his surroundings, he is trying to stand up against the wind and rain blowing back and forth.
People often screw things up trying to make them better.
I am coming, slut!
That was the limit for me.
No, I will not, even if you were one of the worst demons in hell.
You are a natural born philosopher.
Indeed, I would have such an exploit for you, Ligarius, if you were healthy enough to hear it.
That is how sound a man appeared.
Humble as I am, I represent Antony.
What my lord said I was.
Two unlucky children of these enemy families become lovers and commit suicide.
A woman owes her husband the same loyalty a subject owes his king.
They only feel the shadow of joy.
My lord, it is news I wish I did not have to report.
We will probably witness many more outbursts from him, like banishing Kent.
The king was wearing exactly the same armor when he fought the king of Norway.
It is difficult to make sense of such different stories.
The wind that scatters young men throughout the world, encouraging them to seek their fortunes in a place other than home.
Go to him, petition him.
Suffer love.
Suffolk died first, and York, cut to pieces, came to him and took him by the face, kissing his gashes.
Sunday is just around the corner.
Dinner is over, and we are going to get there too late.
Give him your arm.
Imagine the French ambassador returning to inform Harry that the king offers him.
He has killed his wife.
I am telling you, it is hers.
Then, yes.
Thank you, I am sure.
I do not think so.
It would take a miracle to make me believe she could do anything that horrible.
I am sure I will never get married in the way my sisters say they are married to their father.
It would be bad if she knew about Benedick’s love and teased him about it.
I am sure there was a herd of lions nearby.
Surely, Luciana, it is already two o'clock.
These are tricks of the imagination, and this place is filled with magicians.
I believe your cousin was falsely accused.
He is a proper count, that Count Sugarplum, a sweet gentleman.
She and Susan—God rest her and all Christian souls—were born on the same day.
Swaggering?
Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra’s sails.
It is dark, like my shoe.
Swear by her foot so she can stamp out the oath.
You will never mention what you have heard.
Swear by my sword.
He should swear by his two-faced self, and that is an oath I will believe.
Do not swear by the future, because you have ruined it before it has even arrived.
Swearing is for priests, cowards, overly cautious men, feeble old people, and those long-suffering weaklings who welcome abuse.
You should show your love for each other.
Dear Bassanio, my ships have all been wrecked.
Take  Beatrice, have you come because I called for you?
These were sweet omens.
Sweet Desdemona!
Dear friends, let’s go to bed.
My dear friends, thanks for your patience.
Sweet Hero, when I imagine you now, you seem as beautiful as you did when I first loved you.
Hello, sweet lady.
You have given me life and given me a living.
My lord, if you have a free moment, I have a message from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Gentlemen, calm down.
Sweet men, come to him.
Sweet mistress, I do not know what other name to give you, or how you have figured out mine.
Sweet Moon, I thank you for your sunny beams.
Please be quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, do not scorn me.
Sweet Phoebe, have pity on me.
My dear Portia, if you knew who I gave the ring to, why I gave it to him, why I gave it to him,
Good Prince, say something.
There, Leonato, take your daughter back.
It is nice of you to remind me.
Sweet saint, for goodness’s sake do not be so angry.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Dear Sir Toby, do not do anything rash tonight.
Let’s go inside and wait for them to arrive.
Sweetheart!
Sweetheart, go on.
My sweet, so do I.
Tell me, what did my love Romeo say?
The sweetest nut has the sourest rind. Rosalind is that kind of nut.
Until her beautiful life's end.
Sweet flowers for a sweet girl.
My heart feels like it is full of poisonous snakes.
Keep going, keep going, or I will declare myself the winner.
No one ever gave a prayer before going to sleep.
“By this sword” is an oath, and oaths must be kept.
I do not.
You should show me what you are going to do for her.
I swam ashore like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away this fool, gentlemen.
Get the lady out of here.
Take a look, and you will see that one of the three men who rule the world has turned into a whore’s jester.
Do not worry.
Hear everyone’s opinion, but reserve your judgment.
Rob them of the ability to count before the numbers against them overwhelm their courage.
Beware of the devil.
Watch Cassius.
Be careful not to fall in.
Be careful, Signior Baptista, lest you be made the dupe in this business.
Watch out, boy, I can whip you.
Take away this lout and whip him.
He was perfect in everything.
Take him away.
We will hit him on the head with the handles of our swords, then throw him in the wine barrel in the next room.
Carry him gently to bed, and every man should be ready at his post when he awakes.
Go, take your sweetheart and leave him to me.
Take it and do that for me, and leave me alone for a while.
Take my remark in whichever sense you like.
Be happy about it.
Take it, brave York.
Take credit, God, for it is no one else's doing but yours.
Pick me up.
Take my sword.
Just ignore him.
Please do not be offended that I do not want to offend you any more.
Do not take Helena’s side.
God does not need to use indirect or illegal means to kill those who have offended him.
It is not safe to be straightforward and honest.
Take some memento from us as a token of our gratitude, not as a fee.
Believe me, my friend, since I have the power to stop the prosecutors.
Take that, and that.
Get that fool out of here.
Take your cues from my own despair.
Take this, too.
Examine them yourself, then bring me your findings.
Take them away.
Lead them inside.
But here come some people, right in the nick of time.
Take this.
You take the bill and I will take your yardstick.
Take three times your money.
Get out of my sight.
Show her in.
Take your penalty.
Do not think I blame you.
Pick up her bed and carry her ladies out of the tomb.
Take off my mistress' gown for your master's use.
Take up my mistress' gown for his master's use.
Pick up the corpses.
Take up the body.
Take up the sword again, or take me up.
Pick up this rope ladder.
Take whatever wife you want to bed with. You will have a fool's head forever.
So go and put your stamp on the girl.
Take some men and horses and go to her.
Do you understand what I am saying, Reynaldo?
Please have a seat.
Take your time.
Do not say anything else.
Do not talk to me, because I will not say a word.
Do not talk to me.
Be quiet, Signior Gremio.
You are talking about killing?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Talkers aren't good doers.
Can’t you talk about anything besides ladies?
But wait a moment.
Wait, good Beatrice.
Wait a minute, Jew.
Wait, Petruchio, I should go with you.
Wait just a minute, you brazen hussy.
Wait, sweet Beatrice.
Wait for mine, sweet soul.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Tell me what you want me to do, and however hard it is, you will see that I am eager to do it.
Teach me how to think and speak.
Tell me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him apart, tear him up.
He keeps tearing out his white hair, which the blindly raging winds catch up and blow away into nothingness.
May God bless you, too.
It is a long story, and difficult to listen to.
Short but still tedious?
Tell Antony that Brutus has been taken.
Tell her that I have been arrested and the money will be my bail.
Tell her my love is purer than anything else in the whole world, and has nothing to do with her property.
Tell her that the king, who has the power to command people, asks her.
Tell him he is not going to speak with me.
Tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries.
Tell him I am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel before him.
Tell him I have spoken to my husband on his behalf, and I think everything will be all right.
Tell him I want to speak with him.
Tell him I will take the leek out of his hat on Saint Davy’s Day and slap his head with it.
Tell him my fury will abate, and I will take the crowns.
Tell him that the mayor, some citizens, and I have come to confer with him in matters of great importance concerning the general good.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he takes the news.
Tell him that a messenger has arrived from my master with good news.
Tell him we could have driven him back to Harfleur but thought it unwise to burst a pustule before it had fully ripened
Tell him, if he comes here, I will explain everything to him and, on my word, he will leave unharmed.
Tell him that when our noble father, the duke of York, gave his three sons his blessing, he never imagined that our friendship would come
Tell me, who had him arrested?
Just tell me this: have you ever seen her holding a handkerchief with an embroidered strawberry pattern on it?
Tell me truthfully, do you love my sister?
Tell me so I can be sure, though I swear I recognize your voice.
Tell me, who is the one you love?
Do not tell me that you have heard about this marriage, Friar, unless you can tell me how to prevent it.
Tell me once more what you say.
Tell me.
Tell me that.
Tell me your idea first.
Answer me this, please: where is the money I gave you?
What else do you know?
Tell me where you live.
Tell me why you did it.
Tell me your secrets.
Tell me what you want.
Tell me right now and stop fooling. Where is the money?
Tell me, my daughter Juliet, what is your attitude about getting married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, my friend, what is that light over there?
Tell me, rainbow, do you know if either Venus, the goddess of love, or her son, Cupid, is accompanying Queen Juno?
Tell me, how is my mother?
Tell me, if your dark powers can see this far, will Banquo’s sons ever reign in this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, so I can cut it out of myself.
Tell me, you have unknown power. He can read your thoughts.
Tell me, you villainous lowlife, where are my children?
Tell me, you monster, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Do not tell me that.
Read the time there.
Tell the constable that.
Tell the hot-headed duke that I love him. But no, not yet.
Tell them that Hero loves me.
It is too bad.
Tell us how it happened, noble Casca.
Tell us what happened today that put Caesar in such a serious mood.
Where is Polonius?
No harm was done.
I knew Temperance. She was a fine girl.
Do not push him too far.
You fell the height of ten ship masts, straight down.
Offer yourself more respect, or—not to beat this word to death—you will offer me the chance to be a laughingstock.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Rulers abuse their power when they separate compassion from compassion.
What is important is the urgency of this mission.
The ambassadors are back from Norway.
I pledged my love to you before you asked me to.
Opportunity is knocking for you, and in my imagination I see a crown dropping onto your head.
You are an honest man.
No one is bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God. That is a good answer.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
I thank your Highness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, my dear lord.
Thank you, Egeus.
Thanks, my good countryman.
Thank you, Guildenstern and worthy Rosencrantz.
Thank you, Rosencrantz and worthy Guildenstern.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you to the brave men who defend this island and respect Othello.
Many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts.
That banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand Tybalts.
Take it back.
That “may be” must be love on Thursday.
“In a way” is the right way to go.
You call that ranting?
What an idiot that monster is!
I was conceived by a woman, and I thank her very much for all her efforts.
That with a series of legal writs, Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have put a hundred senators to death.
I can.
That will not work, since I am still reaping the rewards of that murder: my crown and my queen.
I swear to her that I have not, but it does not change anything.
That mountain of insanity that wants to marry me, I could find it in my heart to stay here and become a witch myself.
If courtiers were shepherds, that kind of courtesy would be unclean.
You are wrong to kill me for loving you.
You should think up a way to defend yourself.
I have never heard of that.
I did, my lord.
I want to find out.
Now that is done, I am going to walk on the fortification walls.
When you have finished, go back to Pompey’s theater.
My dream told me that dreamers often lie.
That is always true.
Oh, to think you have been rejected!
I wish I had not lived long enough to see him die.
She sees you with the eyes my daughter lent her, it is true.
You are so infatuated with him that you are hallucinating.
That blind head of yours was created to make me rich.
I remember his face well.
I have followed you on your sad wanderings, ever since your bad luck began.
He left to fetch a necklace and he promised to bring it to the Porcupine, where I was dining with Balthasar.
I found that handkerchief by accident and gave it to my husband.
You gave that handkerchief, the one I loved, to Cassio.
That is what made him crazy.
No, he has not.
That he had sex with you.
Oh God, do I have to remember that?
That he was never trained as a soldier.
Your head, my lord?
I will have Herod's head chopped off.
I tried to play games with God, and he turned my fake prayer on my head, giving me what I had asked for as a joke.
I ask that again because nothing can be wrong if she is well.
I saw that.
I did that to him.
When I fell in love with Othello I made up my mind that I wanted to live with him.
That I will not stand for.
Your Highnesses can both attest to the fact that I have strived mightily, with all my wits and energy, to bring about this
Yes, I do, lady.
I feel that I love her.
I can sleep away the time while my Antony is gone.
Who said that I was disdainful, and that I got all my best lines out of a bad joke book?
We will see.
I am just saying that if you are good and beautiful, your goodness should have nothing to do with your beauty.
That is another sin arising from your ignorance: you bring ewes and rams together and make your living by their copulation.
That is because the murderer is alive.
That has already been done, sir.
That is enough for the senate.
That is the one.
That is like hot ice and strange snow.
That is it.
That will be a good thing.
That is the necklace I gave you, sir.
That is everything, Leonato. Claudio, Benedick, my dear friend Leonato has invited you all to stay here at Messina.
That is what we are trying to say, sir.
If I am not mistaken, that is Portia’s voice.
What you are doing is the way to make her scorn you continually.
Where that “sweetheart” said I was her husband.
The way trainers do with young hawks that flutter and flap and will not obey.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
Please leave it to me to take care of the burial, as I have more reason to mourn than you do.
Your last guess is correct.
That light we see is coming from my hall.
Bring here the gentleman who advised you to give away your land.
That he felt for me the love that I begged him to feel for you.
No doubt, for you wear too many in the first place, and it might be more seemly to make do with fewer.
That might be the case sir.
I think that is strange.
I rescued that ungrateful boy next to you from drowning.
That too.
You cannot trust anyone who abuses her own father, her flesh and blood.
They grow like savages, like soldiers who meditate on nothing but blood.
I am going to take it from you now.
So now Sweno, the Norwegian king, wants a treaty.
That our clothes were drenched with sea water, but they came out looking brand-new.
Petruchio?
Those cowardly, gigantic sides of beef have been responsible for many of your family members getting eaten as a condiment on beef.
That villain, Romeo.
That will happen soon enough.
Yes, she will.
You will know about that later.
She brought me up, and I thank her for that.
I know that she is worthy of that love.
So that England may live a long life like this, let God say amen.
He said she was unfaithful.
Because she has been chosen by Signior Hortensio.
That only proves how inexperienced you are.
The gentleman who serves you only for profit and is only superficially loyal to you will leave you alone in the storm.
Could that be a lawyer’s skull?
I cannot get that song out of my head tonight.
That our grandmother’s soul could end up inhabiting a bird.
If there were anything inside their heads, they could never wear such heavy helmets.
I would give up my life and take my son’s place in the mud on the ocean floor if I could see them alive.
I thought that thing you are talking about was a man.
That you love my daughter to spite your soul.
I want you to see the difference between us, so I pardon you even before you ask for a pardon.
In the same hour, and in the same inn, a poor woman delivered identical twin boys.
You couldn't see him, but I could.
Probably because my cousin the villain would have killed my husband.
You said it when you were furious.
The noise is coming from over there.
Why do we party until we are like animals?
That is an illegitimate hope.
He would really be your proxy if he married you.
The alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold.
No, the one I gave you.
What looks like a horse is quickly disfigured by the wind, and is difficult to distinguish from water poured into water.
I am good at everything that ordinary men can do.
My fears can't actually make you evil.
That will happen before sunset.
I will do that.
Or at least that is what I plan to do before I let you go.
I will do that, because I have to tell my brother how you forgave him.
I will give the first one, Pompey.
Yes, even if I die an hour later.
I will.
That will never happen.
I have fought my way through obstacles twenty times more terrifying than you with this weapon.
That would get every single one of us executed.
Yes, even if I had whole kingdoms to give along with her.
I will, even if I were king of all kingdoms.
What you were afraid of has happened.
I have no doubt that you love me.
I think you are denying what you really are.
My evidence that you have wronged me is that you condemned and disgraced Lucius Pella for taking bribes here from the Sardinians, and
That is what I want you to tell me.
He and I will be there.
By watching their show, you will find out everything you are likely to know.
We do not want you to think we came here to offend you, except that we want to offend you with our good intentions.
That young man who was just here.
That since she is mad herself, she has married a madman.
She says something, sir, but I will not repeat it to you.
What is that?
Yes, that is the one.
That is a certain truth.
That is a step in the direction of love.
Some water will fix that.
That is not good.
That is a lame threat from a toy gun, a poor individual’s private displeasure with a monarch.
That is a good point.
It does not matter how I am: he hurt me, and that is that.
That does not matter.
That is all I wanted to know.
You imply that married men are fools.
That is as good as proof that the sweet young man is in love.
That is for me to decide.
That is true, if the devil is judging her.
That is true.
That is worse.
That is good.
You mean the man who used to be Othello?
That is what is driving her crazy.
That is merciful, but a bit careless.
That is more than we know.
That upsets me much more than getting wet.
Yes, I am sure he will stay with you.
That is my brave lord.
That is what I am afraid of.
That is good, my boy.
That is noble of you, master.
Well, that is really my job.
That is my sister.
That is not a job for a friend, my lord.
That is not good.
That is not in her favor.
That can't be.
That is not the tune I had in mind.
That is one of them.
That is our offer.
That governs the torso and heart.
That is strange.
In the end I grudgingly consented.
That is the next thing on the agenda.
Now I have said it twice.
Those are only two of his weapons.
That is definitely true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “passionate” duke?
It is as plain as the beaten path to a parish church.
The advancement of your children, noble lady.
The adventurous knight will wave his sword and shield, the lover will be rewarded for his sighs, the crazy character can rant all he wants,
How long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot?
There is always a breath of fresh air here.
The air is sweet and appeals to my refined senses.
The sun has never seen anyone as beautiful since the world began.
You know what they say.
Her eyes are like April: full of showers.
It will likely be a bloody fight.
You refused me both.
Foreign savages who eat their own children for dinner will be as close to my heart as you, ex-daughter of mine.
The Poles will not be willing to defend it.
The lowest part of his hoof is more musical than Pan’s pipe.
The East is seductive.
Yes, he was hotheaded even in the prime of his life.
I will do the best I can, my lord.
The best plays are still only illusions, and the worst are just as good if you use your imagination to fill them in.
The best news of all is that we have located our king and our men.
The highest-ranking?
That will please God, who has him now.
You are better off because of your friends.
Better, since your lordship was nice enough to ask.
To escape the decree condemning me.
The blows I gave you will make up for your upsetting me.
May God bless you.
The boy is warning me that someone approaches.
The boy was going to support me in my old age.
When such a great man dies there should be a thunderclap.
The bridegroom is already here.
The British forces are on their way here.
We must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again.
Political business is bothering him, and he is just taking it out on you.
This man looks like his business is urgent.
I must go and continue the business Fulvia started.
The chicken is burning, the pig is overcooked, and my mistress has clocked me one on the cheek.
The captain who brought me to shore has my women’s clothes.
Give it to the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers where the swords hang.
Our noblemen are battling bravely.
The reason is that it is what I want.
When a great leader dies, he does not die alone but, like a whirlpool, draws others with him.
Give me the necklace!
The Tower's chaplain has buried them, but to tell you the truth, I do not know where.
There are parents living whose children you butchered; they are now old withered plants who will moan over their losses as they grow old.
It carried us toward Corinth, or so we thought.
The citizens are around, and Tybalt is dead.
I have my answer.
The clock struck three.
I sent the Nurse at nine o'clock.
I pick the younger one.
Here are the conspirators.
For the enemy, see—and you can explain this to the duke, see—has dug its own tunnels four yards below ours.
What is the point, sir?
What I am saying is, your jealousy has pushed your husband away from his sanity.
The Constable of France.
The problem is in what the letter says.
Is that the rope ladder Romeo told you to pick up?
The Count Claudio will marry Leonato’s daughter.
That duke who lives nearby is courting her.
The count is neither sad nor sick nor cheerful nor well. He is just civil, as Seville as an orange.
The count’s messenger, Cesario.
The court awards it and the law authorizes it.
The cowslip flowers are her bodyguards.
What, aren’t you a Christian?
The crows flying down below look as small as ants.
Everyone keeps yelling, “Here they come!” Our castle is strong enough to laugh off their seige.
Creet.
The curfew bell rang.
It is out of fashion to give lengthy explanations like that.
The Dauphin really wants it to be morning.
The Dauphin, whom we asked for reinforcements, sends back the answer that he is not yet in a position to raise a great army
Day has broken.
The day is well on its way.
You won.
The day will come when you will wish I could help you cast spells against this poisonous, hunchbacked toad.
The day, my friends, and everything await me.
I will give you the most expensive ring in Venice, and I will make a public announcement to help me find it.
This is not the death of one man.
It is now late at night, and actions must accommodate bodily needs, which we will satisfy with only a short rest.
This terrible storm has smashed the Turks so badly that their plans are ruined.
May the devil turn you black, you white-faced fool!
I will prove with my sword that I am not scared of you.
It is the devil speaking through him.
The hell with order!
The night air is too raw and cold for us to stay outdoors.
This song is about my dead father.
The door is open.
A tiny spot of evil casts doubt on their good qualities and ruins their reputations.
The drink, the drink!
To hell with this idiot!
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
The duke will be here tonight.
He needs to see you right away.
The Duke and any of my fellow senators will take this wrong as seriously as if it were their own.
The Duke is in a meeting?
The duke is temperamental.
The duke will agree with me on that.
You will fight with him eventually, and the duke loved his father very much.
You are on very good terms with the duke of Exeter.
The Duke of Exeter has held the bridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, who has command over the siege, is in consultation with an Irishman.
The duke of York sends your Majesty his respects.
The Duke is in a meeting right now, and he has sent for you.
It is wrong for the duke to do this.
Good Captain Blunt, tell the earl goodnight and tell him that by two in the morning I would like him to visit my tent.
The rooster has already crowed twice.
We meant to tell the king that his orders have been carried out, and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth has bubbles, just like the water, and these creatures must have come from a bubble in the earth.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The Earth is nature’s mother and also nature’s tomb.
I hope you have good weather to set your mind at ease.
The Emperor is calling for Canidius.
The enemy approaches with great display.
The enemy gets larger each day.
If we meet him at Philippi, these people will be at our backs.
The English are in the field, French lords.
The English army, sir.
The English army is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward, and the good Macduff.
The level meadow, where the freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover once grew, has become useless. It is
The evil that men do is remembered after their deaths, but the good is often buried with them.
The excuse you make to delay the news is longer than the news itself.
I will not give up this child for all of Fairyland.
I will take responsibility for it.
It is not destiny’s fault, but our own faults, that we are slaves.
It is all your fault.
In the beautiful city of Verona, where our story takes place, a long-standing hatred between two families erupts into new violence, and
Your life insurance?
This messenger is wise.
The devil’s advice is nicer.
The devil inside him is rough, but we cannot treat it roughly.
The devil in him is strong.
This box was tested in the fire seven times.
My first question is whether she would prefer to wait until tomorrow night or go to bed now, since there are only two more hours till morning.
With the help of the grim  The first to greet me was my great grandfather.
He was like a schoolboy who finds a bird’s nest and happily shows it to his friend, who then steals it from him.
The enemy is making its appearance on the battlefield.
Sheep pens are empty in the middle of the flooded fields, and the crows get fat from eating the dead bodies of infected sheep.
What a crazy island this is.
What seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter.
The fool will stay.
That you lift the death sentence on my servant, who killed a rowdy and belligerent former servant of the duke of Norfolk.
It is the former Hero.
The nasty devil is biting my butt.
The devil is after me!
The devil sings like a nightingale to haunt Poor Tom.
The plan backfired on me.
The foulest fate would be most appropriate for me now in this latest phase of my life.
The four suitors are looking for you so they can say goodbye.
The French ambassador arrived at that moment and asked to see the king.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French have retreated, see, and there were great acts of courage.
We are sitting ducks for the French, if they only knew it, for there is no one guarding it but boys.
The leftovers from the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet.
The only profit I seek is a peaceful match.
Tonight is for celebrating.
The warships have sent a dozen messages tonight, one after the other, and many of the senators have been awakened and are at the Duke's already
The games are done and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be closed by then, and harsh and hardhearted soldiers, who have tasted blood, will have free reign to commit whatever
The general and his wife are talking about it now, and she is defending you strongly.
The general is talking to you.
The generals want to speak with us.
The gentleman she danced with told her you insulted her.
The gentleman insists on fighting a round with you for the sake of his honor.
I wish you all the best.
The glove which I have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear.
The glowworm's light is beginning to fade, so morning is near.
A god of a god?
The gods are fair and they use our little vices to punish us.
The gods know. Never has a queen been so betrayed as I have been.
May the gods destroy you!
Heaven help her! Get him out of here for now.
The gods protect him from so great a shame.
The gods do this to test my bravery.
The gods forbid!
May the gods bless Antony today.
May God reward you for your kindness.
The gods forbid!
The gold I gave Dromio is safe and sound at the Centaur, and the inn host says that Dromio has left and is
Our jailers will shrivel up with old age before they make us cry again.
Hello, everyone!
The gown was made just as my master was directed.
Darkness is stumbling out of the sun’s path like a drunk man.
The storm separated us.
His insane period is over.
We have lost a major portion of the world through utter foolishness.
The larger part, the main body of cavalry, are coming with Cassius.
Our courage should only be the greater for that.
The biggest clue is his seriousness.
The ground is brown.
The ground is bloody.
The hand of death has taken him.
The handkerchief!
Cut off their heads?
Her heart is carrying a heavy weight.
But these days, people give each other their hands without their hearts.
Do not disturb the heavens any more by trying to go against heaven’s will.
God willing, our love and our happiness will only increase as we get older.
The heavens only announce the deaths of princes.
I showed it to you once.
The higher the Nile flows, the better the harvest.
You agreed to send me troops and weapons when I needed them.
Which one of you is the lady of the house?
The hour of death is approaching.
It is getting late.
The house will be so much quieter.
The wound can't be that bad.
Princes travel across deserts and the vast wilderness of Arabia to come see the beautiful Portia.
This is rebellion.
Seleucus’ ingratitude makes me wild.
But I have the meantime.
The clock has chimed midnight.
With half the world opposing the other half, it wasn't the time for Antony, the pivotal player, to let love distract him.
The Jew will have justice.
I will give the Jew my flesh, blood, bones, and everything before you lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you took from me to deliver to Desdemona would have made even a nun want to sleep with me.
May the god of power make me the weakest of the weak, your mediator.
If its juice is put on someone’s eyelids while they are asleep, that person will fall in love with the next living creature he
The king and the prince are praying.
The king and queen are coming down with everyone else.
The king is coming here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king performs more wonders than seem humanly possible, challenging every enemy he sees.
The king acts unnaturally, father against child.
The king has broken his heart.
The king has agreed to every point: first his daughter, then everything else, as you strictly proposed.
The king has heard them, but as yet has made no answer.
The king has been informed of all their plans, but they have no idea.
The king has strictly forbidden it.
The king rode out alone to view their troops.
The king will be offended to find out that his messenger is so badly treated.
The king is coming.
The king is virtuous and kind.
The king is insane.
The father and the master and the king did not order their subordinates' deaths when they ordered their services.
The king is not responsible for it.
My uncle is to blame for this.
The king my father?
The king of Naples listens to my brother’s request, which was that the king, in exchange for the respect and money paid to him
The king is getting up.
I will drink to Hamlet’s health, and into his goblet I will drop a pearl even more costly than those in the
The king will already have left Southampton.
The king wants to speak with Cornwall.
The king, his brother, and your brother are all waiting there in a crazed state of mind, and the rest are grieving over them.
Sir, the king. Yes, what about him?
The king has bet that in a dozen rounds between you and Laertes, he will not beat you by more than three hits.
The king has bet six Barbary horses, and he has prepared six French rapiers and daggers with all their accessories.
The king is to blame.
The king?
The king is a dear boy with a heart of gold, he is a lively lad, a wag, born of fine parents, good with
The king is in bed.
I sent the king’s son off by himself to a faraway nook on the island, where he is sitting now sighing,
The king’s son, Ferdinand, with his hair standing straight up—it looked like reeds, not hair—was the first person
The fool is a good actor.
The work we enjoy is not really work.
Her ladies-in-waiting saw her go to bed, and early this morning the bed was empty.
Lady Beatrice is angry with you.
The lady has died because of false accusations of me and my master.
Lady Strachy married her wardrobe manager.
The lady is overdoing it, I think.
At the bottom, any change is for the better.
Good-bye to you, the last of the Romans.
Most noble Antony!” Then, as she was speaking your name, a strangled groan split her words.
Did I do anything good to myself?
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law has another hold on you.
Be happy that you are alive.
I make the laws, not you.
The lack of time and the risk I’m under will have to keep us from bonding and catching up on each other’s news
The less they deserve, the more your generosity is worth.
The letters he spoke of may help me.
The lieutenant has to get to heaven before the ensign.
Lieutenant Cassio will be on guard duty tonight.
The life.
There is a similar mark on her arm.
Your lives are over.
Look at the three little dogs, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—all barking at me.
I wish I could give you the strength that I have.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord bless you, noble Harry.
The Lord Mayor is knocking.
The Lord keep him from the title of king.
Sometimes the love my subjects bring me is inconvenient, but I still accept it as love.
Lunatics, lovers, and poets all are ruled by their overactive imaginations.
Signed, “”The poorly treated Malvolio.” Did he write this?
The main body of the army is expected here any hour now.
The man is going crazy.
The man in the moon.
The man has not done anything wrong.
In spite of all this, the man is still wealthy.
The man should be inside the lantern.
The man that once sold the skin of a lion while the beast still lived died hunting him.
How did they die?
The sailors are all below deck, sleeping both from their labor and from a spell I cast over them.
The marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What is it?
Picture the mayor and his brother citizens dressed in their best as they go forth like senators of ancient Rome to welcome home their conquering Caesar.
The mayor is at hand.
In the meantime, I will raise an army that will surpass his.
The meat was fine if you wanted to eat it.
The merchandise you bring from Rome is too expensive for me.
The mercy that was alive in me a moment ago was smothered and killed by your own advice.
The messenger arrived on my watch and is unloading his mules at your tent.
These are the messengers from my sister and the king.
The Venetians are waiting for their food.
Call the messengers!
The powerful dukes of Gloucester and Buckingham.
I pray that the mighty gods defend you.
My mind and courage will never falter with doubt or shake with fear.
The moment they planned to act is almost here.
The muffled queen?
The money you owe me for the necklace.
The moon has set.
The moon looks sad to me.
The moon is bright tonight.
The moon?
The Moor’s mind has already become infected with my poisonous suggestions.
The Moor has killed my mistress!
The Moor himself is still at sea.
The Moor says the man you hurt is important in Cyprus, and that under the circumstances he has no choice but to refuse to reinstate you.
The Moor is being tricked by some crook, some terrible villain, some rotten bastard.
The more fool you are for betting on my loyalty.
You are a fool for being sad that your brother’s soul is in heaven.
The more I hate him, the more he follows me around.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
The more I pray, the less I get out of it.
The more I suffer, the more spiteful he becomes.
It is a pity that fools aren’t allowed to speak wisely about the foolish things that wise men do.
It is too bad that a mutual friend of theirs does not introduce them.
The weather is fair.
The morning is approaching.
That pretty boy, Claudio?
May you die of the worst disease.
The most you hope for is for her to marry wealthy and rise up the social ladder.
I second that.
His soul is as dull as night and dark as the underworld.
Up here you cannot even hear the waves crashing against the rocks.
Musicians, come in!
The name of Cassius gives credit to these corrupt actions, and so they go unpunished.
The bearer of bad news is often blamed for it.
Our closest relatives are the ones most likely to murder us.
The news is true, my lord.
The next hailstone should hit Caesarion, until one by one all my children, and every one of my brave Egyptians, are killed.
She will fall madly in love with the first thing she sees when she wakes up.
The good news is that our ship—which we gave up for ruined only three hours ago—is as well-outfitted and seaworthy as
The night has been chaotic.
The noble Brutus told you that Caesar was ambitious.
Noble Brutus has mounted the platform.
The Duke of Cornwall is arriving tonight.
The nobleman’s are as huge as the underfed villager’s.
The noise they are making will wake up Demetrius.
The note is a big fat liar if it says I said so.
The oars were made of silver, and the oarsmen rowed in time to flute music.
They have eaten themselves sick.
The owl made noise all night.
There is nothing distinctive, nothing remarkable left in the world.
The old man.
There is no room for the old man and his followers.
Leonato’s daughter had told us everything.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
Lysander I want to stop, but Hermia stops my heart from beating.
One of them is too much like a painting of a man, never speaks, and the other is too much like a spoiled little boy, always
One of them contains my picture.
This one talks about how Roderigo should kill Cassio.
One of the sisters poisoned the other out of love for me, and then killed herself.
One, so they can save the money they spent on hairstyling, and two, so that when their hair falls out, it does not
If any of my relatives find you here they will kill you because of who you are.
I reversed the death sentence.
The other girl did not love me.
The other half goes to the state.
The other half goes to the state.
All the work that oxen and farmers have done in plowing the fields has been for nothing because the unripe grain has rotted before
We do not want it at our festivities.
A backbiting friend, one who grabs people, who patrols the streets and passageways.
The fool is nice enough, but he is such a huge eater, and slow as a snail when he works.
The people have heard it already, and they have been told of his accusations.
The people are on my side, and I am in charge of the sea.
The enemy’s losses have been very great, very substantial.
The word “carriage” makes it sound like it is pulling around a cannon.
The pig or the mighty or the huge or the magnanimous—they all mean the same thing, with some variation.
You can see how it is all around.
The play is the thing to uncover the conscience of the king.
Actors cannot keep a secret.
Then get to work.
That is up to you.
The sails were dyed purple, and they were perfumed so heavily that they made the air seem dizzy with love.
This world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time not one man has ever actually died from love.
This strong poison is overpowering me.
The pound of flesh that I want from him was very expensive.
He has both my power and my influence over Octavia.
The British troops are approaching.
The prayers of saints and those that were wronged support us like high-walled fortresses.
The Prince and Claudio are supposed to be here by now. You know your job, brother.
Look, it is the Prince and Mr. Love.
The prince has far outgrown me.
The prince of Arragon has taken his oath, and he is coming to make his choice now.
The Prince will give you the death penalty if you get caught.
The Prince’s fool!
I know they do, and I certainly deserve it.
Kate, my wooing is fit for your understanding. I am glad your English is not better.
No one shows mercy because he has to.
If it were nothing, you would not need to hide it.
The fight is between our masters, and we men who work for them.
The Queen is coming.
The queen drinks to your good luck and happiness.
The queen wants you to chat with Laertes before you begin your match.
I will give the Queen a hearing and grant her requests if she either throws her dishonored friend out of Egypt or kills him.
The Queen will be treated fairly if she gives me up.
The queen your mother is upset, and sent me to see you.
The queen is dead, my lord.
The Queen is here, my lord.
We need a more appropriate place to discuss Cordelia and her father.
The reasons for his death are recorded in the Capitol.
It is better to act virtuously rather than vengefully.
The interest rate will be— Well, Shylock?
So that is what I will do, not because I love her, but because I will get something out of it.
The reason I think he is insane is that he told a senseless story over lunch about being locked out of his own house.
There is a nice reason why the constellation Pleiades has only seven stars in it.
Damn you for teaching me your language!
Come to my cave and tell me the rest of your story. Good old man, you are as welcome here as your master is.
We have all come out to see what will happen. Go, Hercules!
The rest of the dead are princes, barons, lords, knights, and gentlemen of birth and rank.
Everyone else, march on with me.
Everyone else will have to stay single.
Please go on.
The partygoers have arrived.
You should not have to see the punishment we inflict on your father.
The fractured world, in its confusion, should send lions into the city streets and humans into the wilderness to live in lions’ dens.
The royal tree has left us other fruit, which will do just fine on the throne and make us all happy as king.
The saddle maker has it, sir. I did not keep it.
He is a good man.
That is me.
You left him in the storm in the black night, bareheaded, a storm so terrible that if it had happened at sea, the waters would
The second cock crowed.
Someone else has the same name, but he is a better man.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
Their messengers are ready, waiting to deliver our response in these matters.
It is shameful, and we have to make some changes.
The ship was already sailing.
The lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard.
This is a horrible sight.
Yes, what about him?
Those eyes were endowed with sight by Claudio, the Prince, and me.
For it is written in the book of Numbers: “When the man dies, let the inheritance descend unto the daughter.
The sister of my wife is married to your son.
The sky shows countless stars.
The forests, the skies, the mountains, everything around us seemed to echo the barks of the hounds.
The skin is good for your cracked head.
The sky frowns and scowls on our army.
The sky is so dark it looks like it would rain down boiling hot tar if the sea were not swelling up to the sky to put its fire
Only children are afraid of scary pictures.
You gave us the slip, sir.
The flags have fallen.
He is the son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son ran away.
Edward’s sons have been carried off by the angels and Anne, my wife, has bid good night to the world.
Very soon, because you want it.
The sorrow that I feel actually belongs to you, and the high life you enjoy actually belongs to me.
When a great person departs, it causes more pain than when the soul leaves the body.
The sound is going away.
My father’s spirit is growing in me, and I will not take this any longer.
The spirit is torturing me.
The spirits that know the future have told me this: “Don't be afraid, Macbeth.
The source from which your royal blood comes has been stopped.
Spring, summer, fertile autumn and angry winter have all changed places, and now the confused world does not know which is which.
Our guiding light is out.
Cover the sky with a low-hanging fog, as dark as hell, and get these overeager rivals so completely lost in the woods that
The storm has begun and everything is at stake.
The original story was written in the finest Italian.
The strangers are all gone.
Claudio!
I have told you everything I know.
The sun glints off our armor.
The sun is up and we are wasting the day.
The groans you used to make are still ringing in my old ears.
He was more faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime.
The sun will not appear today.
You mean the sun!
The sweet and bitter fool will appear immediately.
I enjoyed a sweeter rest than sleep.
Since you left, I have been enjoying the sweetest sleep and most promising dreams.
The table is full.
The taming school?
The candle is burning in your study.
But this storm in my mind keeps me from feeling anything except what is tormenting me.
Your sweet brother wanted to come meet you, but his mother wouldn’t let him.
As king, I cannot risk the danger he represents as he grows crazier by the hour.
The testament!
Your words are idiotic.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threaten me have only seen my back.
It is easier to rule a third of the world than a wife like that.
Then a third of the world is drunk.
I will not be satisfied until I get even with him, wife for wife.
You can read people’s thoughts.
The nine Muses mourning the death of learning and scholarship. That is some sharp, critical satire, and it is not appropriate for a wedding.
The crowd that follows Caesar at his heels will suffocate a feeble man almost to death.
We cannot waste time between now and six o'clock.
There was a time when I would have been terrified by a shriek in the night, and the hair on my skin would have stood up.
It used to be that when you knocked a man's brains out he would just die, and that would be it.
This is that time.
We are free from his tyranny.
That is very soon.
An era of universal peace is about to begin.
By the future.
There was a time when you would freely tell me that words never pleased your ear unless I said them, that objects never pleased your eye unless I
You will find out everything in due time.
The town is besieged, and the trumpet calls us to the gap, and we talk and do nothing.
The town is asking for a pause in the fighting for negotiation.
The whole town will riot.
The criminal is the one who stole the nest.
The treacherous weapon is right in your hand, sharp and dipped in poison.
I recognize something about that voice.
The three-beat rhythm is good for dancing, and the church bells chime.
Bring the fancy clothes out of my house, to use as bait to catch these thieves.
The Turks are heading for Cyprus with a powerful fleet.
It was the most ruthless massacre this country has ever been guilty of.
The night is too rough for humans to bear.
That word “judgment” makes me feel a bit guilty.
One criminal punishes another.
The brave experience death only once.
A jealous woman’s poisonous ranting is worse than the bite of a rabid dog.
We hope your poison has worn off and this day shall transform all grievances and quarrels into friendship.
There is nothing more.
The second I saw you, my heart rushed to serve you and be your slave, so here I am now, a patient log-man.
This villain is much quicker than I am.
The duke went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain will not escape.
The violet smells to him the same as it does to me.
That is Cassio’s voice.
You have won the bet, and I will add twenty thousand crowns to what they owe you.
What is the prize?
Since the wall is conscious, it should curse at him.
The watchdogs bark.
The wide ocean does not prevent them from coming to see her. They travel across it as if it were a little stream.
It is dangerous out there.
The weakest fruit drops to the ground first, so let me drop.
The tiring journey has made you gloomy.
We must remember the gravity of this sad day.
There is still a bit of daylight in the sky.
He knows what?
I have the whole barrel, man.
Antony’s wife should have an army to escort her, with neighing horses to announce her arrival long before she appears.
The wildest animal is not as cruel as you are.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind is filling your ship’s sail, and they are waiting for you.
The wine of life has been poured out, and only the dregs remain.
She is.
The wisdom of your loyalty, fair Bianca, has cost me a hundred crowns since dinner.
The older the woman, the wilder.
The wolves have finished preying for the night, and look. The gentle dawn is rising, dappling the sleepy eastern sky with spots of
What is amazing is how long he lasted.
Birnam Wood.
The word is too good to represent her wickedness.
The words expressly specify a pound of flesh. So take your penalty of a pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of Christian blood when
The world does not make laws to make you rich.
The whole world thought your father was an honorable man, but he was always my enemy.
The world has become so bad that now little wrens have settled where eagles used to roost.
The world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
The world is huge.
It is your turn now.
The young snake that escaped will in time become poisonous and threatening, but for now he has no fangs.
The silk came from sacred silkworms, and it was dyed with fluid made from embalmed virgins' hearts.
Your worst fault is being in love.
Little birds do it, and dragonflies copulate right in front of me.
The young generation rises while the old one falls.
You will find him king of the best friends.
I will take you and your wonderful virtues here and now, if it is okay that I am picking up what others have thrown away.
I am their aunt, and I love them like a mother.
Their forces are nearby.
They show their bloody heralds of battle, and something must be done immediately.
I brought my master news of Juliet’s death.
They got what they deserved.
Their guilt is finally starting to gnaw at them, like a slow-acting poison.
Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
Their lips, like four red roses on a stalk, touched.
Their illness confounds the most advanced techniques of modern medicine, but when he touches them, they heal immediately.
Their hounds are unequaled in courage.
Their names are marked.
Reading their mail isn’t as bad.
They have switched their operation to the sea.
They made more money and got more attention in the city.
Their shadows are like a deadly canopy under which our army lies, ready to die.
Yours are slow and awkward.
Their villainy nauseates me, and I must vomit it up.
The rest of the king’s guests are already inside.
In that case it is like the words of an unpaid lawyer.
Then it looks like Macbeth will become king.
I guess beggars are the ones with bodies, while ambitious kings and heroes are just the shadows of beggars.
Then she ran away to grieve alone.
All right. How is the king doing?
So be cheerful.
Then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes.
My children will probably be illegitimate.
Say good-bye to me and tell me those tears were for my benefit.
Then both, or one, or anything you like.
Take me to see them.
Skip over all the particularities between then and Harry’s return to France.
At the base of Pompey’s statue, with his cloak covering his face, which was dripping with blood, great Caesar fell.
Please, put off your eating for a little while and find my fawn and bring it food.
Let me sleep next to you.
Then we will call this the Battle of Agincourt, fought on the day of Crispin Crispianus.
Besides that, he says that two meetings are going to be held tomorrow, and something may be decided at one of them.
Now I am scared again.
Whoever lives to see that day will walk with his feet.
She cursed Hastings then.
Then the writer imitated the one I composed to my steed, for my horse is my mistress.
Just tell me what to do, and I will do it.
He says I did not return some ships he loaned me.
This means I have mistreated Edgar.
Every soldier must kill his prisoners.
Then run away.
Follow me and listen to my speech, friends.
Let’s go forth, dear countrymen.
Let’s go in and hear what he has to say before the Frenchman has uttered a word.
Then God be praised, it is Petruchio, do whatever you like.
What does it mean that you would have a great hairstyle if you had.
If he were handsome, agile, and rich, he could have any woman in the world.
Alright, let’s fight.
Do you hear me?
Do my lips now have the sin they took from yours?
So he is dead?
Then Antony offered it to him again, and he refused it again.
He will not have a chance.
Then he is no good.
Please hear me, gracious sovereign, and all you peers who owe your lives and duty to this imperial throne.
Then heaven have mercy on me.
You should hurry up and rush over to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
How can anyone say I am alone, when the whole world is looking at me?
Then I beat my drum, at which point they pricked up their ears and opened their eyes, looking around for the source of my music.
Then I rebel against you, stars.
What have I said in my grief?
I salute you with this royal title: long live Richard, England’s worthy king.
I will go see my mother soon.
Then I will call you a serving-creature.
Then I will kiss your lips.
In that case I wish you were as good a man as a fish seller.
Then you and I and all of us fell down, while bloody treason triumphed.
Then I will be quick.
If he wins, it will be his swan song, music before the end.
If we lose this battle, will you be willing to be led in chains through the streets of Rome?
Then, in my tent, you can elaborate on your complaints and I will listen.
Then Caesar and he will always be united.
That makes Lady Courtesy a traitor.
In that case, he is more obliged to you than I am.
Then I guess the whole world is one.
There is laughter in heaven when earthly affairs are put right and people unite.
Keep your vow, fellow, when you meet the man.
You should know that from my soul I love your daughter.
Then lead the way, father.
You should learn this from me: if you have something, you have it.
Leave her, sir.
Leave him out.
Our advance will dazzle the enemy, and England will cower in fear and surrender.
Tell them to treat us well.
Find someone younger to love, or you will not be able to maintain your feelings.
Let’s act quickly.
Have your servants bring him out.
Therefore, you should obey their wishes.
Then you must take the truth I have to tell like a Roman.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Make a circle around Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made this will.
Meet me right away at the notary’s.
Do not move while I act out my prayer.
Then the wrong man is dead, and sweet revenge has gone wrong.
I have to assume you do not want him to be king.
Then the Jew must show you mercy.
Then you would have to go beyond heaven, beyond earth.
Now that he is old, we can expect to have to deal with his old character flaws, which have turned into deep-rooted habits,
When you record these sad events in your letters, please describe me exactly as I am.
No man has ever been honest.
I have offended no one.
Then one of you will warp and pull away, and there goes your marriage.
Be quiet.
Please pardon him, dear father, for my sake.
Then patiently listen to my impatience.
I love rich Capulet's daughter.
Tell her my loving story in simple terms.
And that is true.  Then I pleaded for you.
Then pack up your instruments and go away.
So you couldn't see his face?
You should hurry up and tell me what you want.
Tell us what you know about this affair.
Then you might as well say they are not dead.
I will bleed to death.
Then I will swear to Kate and you to me, and may our oaths be faithfully kept and prove fortunate.
Then Octavia’s complaints will rouse Caesar, and as I said before, the thing that brought them together will part them.
Then we will be stuffed with news.
Then tomorrow we will find that they feel only like eating, not like fighting.
Nell.
Then she is well, and nothing is wrong.
Show me.
I slip from underneath her and she falls down, crying, “Ow, my butt!” and starts coughing, and everyone laughs
I have heard a lot more.
Stay with us.
He swore he was a stranger here.
Take him on up and we will try to pull it off.
Tell me if Antonio can be called a brother.
So, tell me, assuming I win your daughter's love, what dowry would she bring to the marriage?
Therefore, tell me, what is he doing at sea?
Then the liars are fools, for there are enough liars in the world to beat up the honest men and hang them.
Then he is the whining schoolboy, with a book bag and a bright, young face, creeping like a snail unwillingly to school.
There must be no lovers in the forest, because they are as good as a clock, marking the lazy foot of time with a sigh every minute
Then there is the Count Palatine.
Then there would be two cousins lying sick in bed, one hurt by reasons and the other gone crazy without any.
In that case, there is reason to hope that a man’s memory may outlive him by six months.
Sa, sa, sa, sa.
Then you are damned.
He is talking with the bogus father about the bogus son.
To have seen much but own nothing is to have poor eyes and poor hands.
He will run after her.
Then we will go out, even to the marketplace, and, waving our bloody swords over our heads, let’s cry, “
Litio is out of the picture.
Stop crying.
Think about how shameful it would be for you to give in to his seductive talk and surrender your treasure chest to his greedy hands.
Why am I worried?
I will smack you on the head with the serving-creature’s knife.
Then the two of them will both pursue one girl.
I wish I had never seen it.
Then surrender, coward, and we will put you in a freakshow, just like they do with deformed animals.
Then you are a better man than the king.
Then you are insane, if you are no saner than a fool.
So you do not love me?
So you are around Lady Luck's waist?
You have to say, “I take you, Rosalind, to be my lawfully wedded wife.”
So you will bring the necklace to her yourself?
If so, you would be buying them to sell again.
Your stockings should be falling down around your ankles, your hat flying off your head, your sleeves unbuttoned, your shoes untied.
I have a hundred milk cows, a hundred and twenty fat oxen in my stables, and all the equipment necessary to maintain them.
St. George loses his holiness. Then, by myself, you have misused yourself.
My sweet brother-in-law, go inside.
Then let God grant me that you will be damned for that wicked deed.
Do not assume that I am treacherous just because I am poor, with no titles to my name.
Then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes.
If you acknowledge it, I will take up my quarrel with you.
If they die unprepared, the king is no more guilty of their sins than he was guilty of the earlier crimes they are finally being punished for.
In God’s name, let’s march.
In the name of God and all the good that will come of this.
Therefore, in case he does, we must hold him back.
Then, gentlemen, we can count on trouble.
Morning’s here.
Then, like prophets, they named him the father to a line of kings.
In that case, tell me who is next in line to inherit the kingdom of Naples?
Then, to answer every man briefly, wisely, and truthfully, I say I am a bachelor.
The window lets day in, and life goes out the window.
If that is what you want, all right.
Even if you throw everything you possess to the two of them, they will battle each other to the death to have it all.
You are admitting Clarence, my father, is dead.
I followed it here, or I should say it dragged me here.
Looking toward England, we reminisced about the countless frightening experiences we’d had in the wars between the Yorks and the Lancasters.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than you have even dreamed of.
Here are my keys. Why should I go?
There is no face more sincere than one washed in tears.
No one else would.
Plain and simple loyalty does not make anyone act phony.
I wish you had won the contest. Something bad in that letter is making Bassanio turn pale.
The actors are here.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never work.
Wait for me there.
This choice was as foolish as they are.
There are rats and thieves and pirates, not to mention storms, winds, and rocks.
There are women like that out there, no question.
I came to Venice with a number of Antonio’s creditors who say he will not be able to avoid going bankrupt.
There comes an old man with his three sons. It sounds like the beginning of an old folktale.
There! And over there! And over there!
He is right over there.
That is the one part of my service on land I deny.
That is another bad deal I have made. A bankrupt, a spendthrift, who now has to hide his head on the Rialto
There I will see only myself.
There is a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea.
You seem to be a good person, captain, and although people who look beautiful are often corrupt inside, I believe that you have a beautiful mind
You have a fat friend at your master’s house. She took care of me in the kitchen today, thinking I was you.
Benedick and Beatrice have been waging a war of wits between themselves.
Put
There is a particular lord who will watch you perform tonight.
There is a man haunting this forest who abuses the trees by carving "Rosalind" on their barks.
There is a river in Macedon, and there is likewise a river in Monmouth.
There is a poor old man who has limped after me for miles.
There is only one hope for you, and even that is a kind of illegitimate hope.
These men have one intention, and it is directed against Caesar.
There is still the King of France’s farewell ceremony.
There is a way, ma'am.
There is more to it than that.
Your physical health matters more than your reputation.
There is nothing to fear in him.
We do not intend any harm to you, nor to anyone else.
You do not really love me.
That is all there is to it.
That is all there is to say.
There is no ambiguity here.
There is no other shelter around here.
There is no other way, unless you took on another form and became someone else.
There is no other way.
There is no power in Venice that can change an established decree.
We cannot wait here.
You do not scare me, Cassius, because I am so secure in my honesty and integrity that they pass me by like a weak breeze.
It is the only way, Sir Andrew.
No woman is strong enough to put up with the kind of intense passion I feel.
There is no world for me outside the walls of Verona, except purgatory, torture, and hell itself.
I am not afraid of anyone but him.
You do not have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about.
Pretty lady, I am ashamed of your shocking behavior.
There is not enough leek left for you to swear on.
There are reasons and causes for everything.
Here is a goat for you.
A servant told me the night-watchmen saw horrid sights too, but different ones from what we heard and saw.
Here is some money for you to kill me immediately.
I know because I dreamed of money bags last night.
The princes are under some strange misunderstanding.
Strange things are about to happen, Edmund.
There is something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his bravery, and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand Geese, you idiot.
From there, we will safely carry you to France and back, calming the waters of the Channel to provide you with a smooth voyage.
There is plenty of time.
Your cheeks are too flushed for me to believe that was a fake faint.
Here is the money you asked me to hold.
There is a crab-apple here.
There they go, Silver!
He lay there, stretched out like a wounded knight.
Let him sink there so the sea will cover him.
Tybalt is lying over there.
Here are the keys, and there is the duke, sleeping.
He killed your relative, brave Mercutio, and then young Romeo killed him.
There is your boyfriend sleeping right over there.
I wish you all the best.
Go on, wear your boots out!
Lock yourself in and send him word that you are dead.
They are as opposite as hot and cold.
There must be some resolution.
From then on we will turn our backs on Athens.
You do not need a ghost returning from the grave to tell you that, sir.
Stay there and fortify it well against the French.
Rust inside my body and let me die.
You will find Beatrice there, talking to Claudio and the Prince.
Titania sleeps there sometimes at night, lulled to sleep by dances and other delights.
There is a husband there who is waiting to make you his wife.
The adult snake lies in the ditch.
You can smash in his skull after seizing his books; or you can bash his skull with a log; or you can stab him in the belly
That is authority.
You must be over there.
Now you are talking.
We will meet Macbeth there.
There was a noise, that is certainly true.
His lips were nice and red, a little more lively and passionate than the red that was in his cheeks.
We answered them, blow for blow.
There was even more foolishness if I could only remember it.
No one has ever faked passion as skillfully as this.
Walter couldn’t get his dagger out of its sheath.
There was no Signior Montanto in our army.
For a while, no play was sold to the theaters without a fight between the children’s playwright and the actors playing adult roles.
Only Adam, Rafe, and Gregory were ready.
There were no primary ones.
She can hide there and eavesdrop on our conversation.
We will eat at her place.
It is best to rehearse in the city, because if we do it here in the city, we will be bothered by crowds of people and
In England this strange monster would be just like a man.
There, Diomedes, there.
Here, drink to me.
I could marry you there, gentle Hermia, where the strict laws of Athens can't touch us.
Here, I give you my blessing.
There, my lord.
With my music playing in the background, I will lure fish.
Stop right there.
Take it all back—plates, cups, the whole thing.
Damn it!
There, take it, and thanks for taking such good care of me.
There, take my fool’s cap.
Take that, you scoundrel!
There, where the torch is burning.
There!
Here.
That is a deal.
There is a feud between the two dukes.
The servants, the duke, and your daughter all seem to be treating you less kindly.
There goes a strong fellow, Menas.
There is a time for all things.
Here is another jacket to say thanks.
Here it is.
It would be a pretty stingy love if it could be counted and calculated.
There is only one body here.
That is comforting.
There is Dolabella, who was sent from Caesar.
That is enough.
No one will listen to it.
The fire is ready.
That is five to one.
That is where hell is, and darkness, and fires and stench!
We still have hope.
The heavens are being stingy with their light.
There is a knocking at the gate.
There is very little about her that is gloomy, my lord.
There is magic in its fabric.
If he is angry, there must be something seriously wrong.
There is meaning in your snoring.
Here is mine.
There is money in it for you.
Here is money for you.
Here is some money for you.
There is more to this ring than its cash value.
There is my hat!
Here is my hand.
Here is my key.
Any villain in Denmark is going to be a villain.
There is no way to read a man’s mind by looking at his face.
There is no clock here in the forest.
You cannot trust them.
I am sure his majesty will recover his health soon.
No offense taken.
There may be a time for everything, but no man who has gone bald naturally can get his hair back.
There is not a single ounce of sincerity in him that could be touched with love.
That means it is high time for me to go.
There is no one else here.
Every person I meet greets me like an old friend, and every one of them knows my name.
There isn't a nobler man than Antony in all of Rome.
In every one of the lords' households I have a servant paid to spy for me.
There is not a strand of feather left in our entire army—a good sign, I hope, that we will not fly away like birds.
I do not believe there is a single unhappy subject living under the protection of your government.
She does not have anything going for her so far.
I told you, someone is at the gate.
There is other work for you to do.
Armed forces have already landed.
Good-bye.
You always know he has some plan that pleases him when he says good morning.
There is something else to be done.
There is something going on that is not what it seems.
Some startling news has just arrived.
That is what is clever about it.
That is the point.
That is the consideration that makes us stretch out our sufferings so long.
Two or three of us have seen strange things.
There is good reason to escape when there is no mercy to be found anymore.
That way we can conceal how many of us there are, and Macbeth’s spies will give him inaccurate reports.
We will not pay for the glasses you smashed.
Therefore, it is certain that he was not ambitious.
All lovers should speak for themselves.
So we need another prologue to tell everyone he is not a real lion.
Go and get our stuff onto the ship.
So cheer up.
May the gods be with you.
Go ahead, swear to that, so you will be damned to hell for lying.
I am your advocate, and I would rather die than give up on you.
Cheer up, because I think you are going to hell.
Stop hoping and wondering what I mean.
Be calm.
So calm down.
Therefore, drink up and toast to me.
So beware of my contempt, and keep your promise.
You must confess your sin freely now.
Therefore, depart, and leave him with me.
Take your last breath.
Tortured.
Go out there and give him what he wants.
Do not advise me.
So, tell people that you are from Epidamnum–otherwise all your goods will be confiscated.
Come with me.
So go.
That is why the King of France listened to my pleas and tears.
That is why he hates me.
The cooks who can't lick their fingers are not hired.
Heaven commanded Nature to fill her one body with all the qualities that women possess.
I recommend you take note of what I am about to say.
That is why I have begged him to come on our shift tonight so that if the ghost appears he can see what we see and speak to it
Show me the caskets and let me try my luck.
Please go back to Goneril’s house.
That is why I am worried about you.
I agree with noble Buckingham, only a few should go to meet the prince.
I took your hands in friendship, but, indeed, I was distracted when I looked down at Caesar.
I will leave without being kissed.
I will go back to sleep.
Please smile whenever you are near me.
That is why it is better for wise men to trumpet their own virtues, like I do.
You should know that I have earned a thousand gold pieces from Don John.
Like a fire that gets covered up, Benedick should smother his love and waste away.
Therefore, let every man give some thought to how this noble expedition may be undertaken.
Come on, shovel.
Therefore, love each other in moderation.
That is why there must be space between you.
My old age is like a blustery winter: cold, but kindly.
It is not my business that is making me sad.
I will go with him down deeper than any anchor ever sank, and lie with him dead in the mud.
It is no surprise that Demetrius runs away from me as if I were a monster.
Okay, to the point.
Therefore, accept my everlasting farewell.
Listen up, princess.
Musicians, play us a song. Prince, you look sad.
Get ready to cut off the flesh.
Why does it seem so particular to you?
So prepare to die.
So get prepared.
Every soldier should do as any man who is sick in his bed would do: clear his conscience of any stain.
Do not speak any further.
Be quiet.
Tell me.
Stay for a while.
I charge you, in the name of God, be careful what you say.
The dukes of Berri, Bretagne, Brabant, and Orléans will advance, and you, Prince Dauphin
The pale, angry moon, who controls the tides, fills the air with diseases.
My sadness is without limit.
Because you interrupt us so that we cannot dance for them, the winds have made fogs rise up out of the sea and fall down on the
I will have nothing to do with that gaudy gold box. It is like the gold that Midas couldn’t eat.
They think it is a good idea for you to watch a play and direct your thoughts toward laughter and merriment.
So this letter, which is so stupid and ignorant, is not going to scare him at all.
She is drowned.
Why not?
You will be hanged at the state’s expense.
That is why you sleep so soundly.
Therefore, the fact that you are awake this early tells me you have been upset with some anxiety.
Therefore, your relatives are no obstacle.
So submit to my mercy or, like men who revel in their own destruction, challenge me to do my worst.
Therefore, tremble with fear and leave.
Now turn and draw your sword.
Use your discretion.
You got what you deserved, and were locked up in this cave, which is more fitting for the likes of you than a prison would be.
Therefore, we will have about half a dozen friends to the wedding.
Go ahead and cry.
Therefore, tell me the Dauphin’s mind frankly and without constraint.
You are the only one who could play Pyramus.
I suppose your grace can truly say that I have lost it.
My lord, this bill is the same one that was proposed in the eleventh year of old King Henry’s reign.
Please listen to me.
Therefore, dear Isis, do the right thing and give him the fortune he deserves.
Think carefully about what you want, beautiful Hermia.
Goodbye.
I will tell you, good Brutus.
Give me my nightgown, Emilia, and I will say goodnight.
Therefore, great king, we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy.
Stop crying.
So, listen, Hermia.
Therefore, I beg your Highness, pardon me.
Have Montjoy hurry and ask the king of England what he is willing to pay us to get out of the war.
I will allow you one day to look for help in Ephesus.
Please, most gracious duke, order her to bring him out so we can get him some help.
Please do not let slip any opportunity that might be advantageous for our expedition.
Please, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be happy.
You should not stay with him, Antony.
I am telling you this out of affection for you, so you can either keep him from carrying out his plans or prepare to accept his disgrace.
Therefore, willingly and yielding.
Have your money ready.
Come, Katherine Queen of All, reveal your heart to me in broken English.
Your son is crazy.
When he has reason to fear, as we do, his fears are without question of the same order.
I will kill you, or I will do away with you, or I will turn your life into death and your freedom into captivity.
On that point, our letters do not agree.
For that kind of relief, the patient must heal herself.
In suicide, gods make the weak strong.
In suicide, gods allow tyrants to be defeated.
You are talking in such a crazy way, sir.
I smile and think, “Thank goodness the wind does not flatter me. It is like a councilor who makes me feel what I
These are gracious tears.
That is really news!
These are unnatural events.
These child actors are now in fashion, and they have so overtaken the public theaters that society types hardly come to see them.
These are bad omens, but I hope, I hope, they do not predict my future.
These are nothing but jealous lies.
These are ugly antics.
These young children cry for Clarence and so do I, though they do not cry for Edward, as I do.
This is healthy talk.
That is what you get for marrying Christian husbands.
Both of these women were put off by Elizabeth Grey, a careworn mother of many children who had once been a beauty but was now a stressed
They are good enough to drink in, and so are these boots.
These kneelings and humble courtesies might excite ordinary men, flattering them into turning Roman law into children’s games.
We cannot think that way about what we did.
I want to use this money to set my father free.
My own ears heard it, and you know it.
Your English sorrows will make me smile in France.
Let me tell you.
These past fifteen years you have been living in a dream, and even when you were awake, it was as though you slept.
Fifteen years!
It is not manly to cry.
The Count sent me a pair of perfumed gloves.
I have lost so much weight worrying about my losses that I will hardly have a pound of flesh to spare for my bloody creditor tomorrow.
If we take away Caesar’s support, he will have to come back down to earth; otherwise, he will fly too high and keep
My hands are tainted if they hit an inferior, especially since I myself am the cause of my own distress.
Look at other beautiful women.
The humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly.
The recent eclipses of the sun and moon do not bode well for us.
Iago, give these letters to the ship’s captain, who brought me here, and ask him to pay my respects to the Senate
Your lily-white lips, your cherry-red nose, and your buttercup-yellow cheeks are gone forever.
These ones will be assassinated.
Moors are moody people. So sell your lands and raise a lot of money.
These things are beyond anything we have seen before, and I am afraid.
All those memories pain his mind so deeply that guilt and shame keep him away from Cordelia.
When I talked about all these things, Desdemona used to listen attentively.
These revelations have overwhelmed her.
The three who share the known world are aboard your boat.
This news will comfort Cassius.
Time ambles for both men.
These times of pain are bad times for romance.
Wise men who give fools money might get a good reputation if they keep up regular payments for fourteen years.
You are not answering my question.
All the spirits hate him as much as I do.
They are here at court now, and I believe they have been told to perform for him tonight.
They are on the march.
They are like stomachs and we are just the food.
They are all welcome.
They are retreating, sir, and our superiority indicates a clear victory.
They are coming.
They are entirely welcome.
Flies are like free men, but I have been banished.
They are friends—Ratcliffe and Lovell.
They are his dung, and he is their beetle.
They are in the heat of passion; they simply have to be together.
They are overdoing it.
They are louder than the storm or us sailors.
My only sin was loving you too much.
They are natural. I think these things are omens of things to come in our country.
They are never jealous for a reason; they are just jealous.
I do not feel guilty about them at all.
She is crazed.
They are full of pity for Caesar.
They are playing with me.
My features are still beautiful, or else you, the greatest soldier in the world have become the greatest liar by overpraising them.
They are forgiven, if they do not see what they are doing.
These are tricks.
They have wings.
They are wise and honorable, and will no doubt give you reasons for it.
They are, my lord.
They are.
Both fencers are bleeding. How do you feel, my lord?
They are calling for dates and quinces in the pastry kitchen.
Agincourt.
They cannot move until you release them.
They call us drunks and insult our noble titles.
They really wish they were somewhere else, but they want to descend on us, looking fierce, so we will think they are brave.
They couldn’t, they would not.
They did not want me to tell her, but I persuaded them that, if they truly loved Benedick, they would try to get him to
I saw it with my own eyes.
They did, Fluellen.
They are out to get me, and I will not stand for it.
It is offensive.
They all fell asleep together, as if they had planned it.
They are just flattering me.
If he is ready now, so am I.
They are all ready to eat dinner.
They finished their business with Pompey, and Pompey has left.
They have a coin in England stamped with the figure of an angel, but that is just engraved on the surface.
They made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the poor.
They have turned me into food for worms.
They have not been commanded to go to the west, mighty king.
They have said their prayers, and now they wait for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and in his lifetime a man will play many parts, his life separated into seven acts.
They have me tied to a stake.
They know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty.
And so you do.
They eat too much and get indigestion and nausea.
They plan to spend the night in Sardis.
They intend to challenge us here at Philippi, responding to our challenge before we have even challenged him.
They were lusting after each other.
They are murdering Caesar! Who is there?
We must tie them up and leave them in some dark room.
They have to stay there.
The women you rape are the ones who will have to "sense" it.
Whenever they meet, there is a little battle.
Please grant my prayer so my faith does not turn to despair.
I hear that Edgar, Gloucester’s exiled son, is in Germany.
He is in. They say he cried out against sherry.
They say he used to fence for the shah of Persia.
They tell me he died well, and settled his scores.
They say there are only five people on it.
They say that this town is full of deception—illusionists that can fool the eye, dark sorcerers who can bewitch your mind, soul
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
A man named Taurus, they say.
They see, smell, and taste sweet and sour just like their husbands.
How smooth and cool they seem!
They will be married tomorrow, and I will invite the duke to the ceremony.
I swear the only ransom will be these bones of mine.
They will, Nerissa, but we will be disguised as men.
They shout for joy.
They shouted three times.
They sit chatting by the parlor fire.
Those who smile at it will soon be dead themselves.
They want to talk.
They stared at us in confusion.
They are ready whenever you are.
They steal hearts.
Those who rush stumble and fall.
They swore that you were sick with love for me.
They swore that you were nearly dead with love for me.
They swore you did.
The same people who say he gets drunk with you every night.
Those who have done this deed are honorable.
After you harvest, you have to sheaf and bind and throw ripe Rosalind on the harvest cart.
People in high positions are shaken by many blasts of wind, and when they fall, they shatter into pieces.
I will follow in the center of the troop formation, which I will defend with my best horse, and with Saint George on my side.
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were paid to betray their master.
They were traitors.
They were villains, murderers.
Of course, they will not believe you without proof.
They will steal anything and call it spoils.
Nobody will hurt us.
It would be better if you applied it to your life.
You would make a nasty suitor.
They would like me to be as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves and handkerchiefs, which is against my manhood
They do not want you to go out today.
They deserved to keep their heads more than some people who have managed to keep their positions.
You blush bright red as soon as you hear any news.
They want to whip me for telling the truth, you want to whip me for lying, and sometimes I am even whipped for keeping quiet.
They will kill us.
Bless your heart.
They will tell all.
They will set their watches to whatever time we say.
They are pretty busy in there.
Thieves!
Your beautiful eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine with love.
Yours, Claudio, yours, I say.
When things are at their worst they have to stop, or else improve to the way things were before.
Love can make worthless things beautiful.
Fruits and vegetables do not ripen until the right season of the year.
Things have turned out so unluckily, sir, that we haven’t had time to convince our daughter to marry you.
Things are what they are.
As far as I am concerned, what is past is done.
Think about our situation, then die.
No more than a minute?
Do not think I am in love with him just because I am asking about him.
Do not imagine that I will ever allow myself to return to Rome in chains.
Think about it.
I do not care what you think of me.
Then run away.
Are you thinking about me?
Think of your sins.
What do you mean, do I think so?
Think about the ones who have died.
I am sweating and trembling with fear.
I am your love, no matter what you think.
Do you think I would be feeling as triumphant as I am if I did not know that our situation was secure?
Do you really think I am stronger than the rest of my sex, with such a father and such a husband?
You think my uncle was lying, grandmother?
Will our army cut a swath through the fighting force of France, achieving and accomplishing everything I have assembled them to do?
If you can think of a more awful title, I will call her that.
Do you think so?
Are you planning to go out?
Believe that you are a foolish little baby for believing these “offers” are real.
Thinking, my lord?
What are you thinking, my lord?
Imagine, when we talk of horses, that you see them planting their proud hooves in the soft earth.
Here.
Do you think I would live a life of jealousy, tormented by new suspicions every hour?
When powerful kings cave in to flatterers, do you think loyal men will be afraid to speak out against it?
Do you think fiery fever can be put out by the windy puff of titles?
Do you really think there is a man fool enough to marry into hell?
If I agree to this, we may leave unharmed, with our shields undented.
This is to feel the news, not hear it.
My vision is dull.
That is a nice hat you have got there.
I dreamt about this.
This fake astonishment of yours is just like your other pranks.
She will be here soon, just like her letter said.
Greed has been the downfall of many kings.
My heart feels like it is about to explode.
This sunken-eyed hag was brought here pregnant and left by the sailors.
This contract does not give you any blood at all.
Ask her to help you heal the rift between her husband and you.
Our love, which is like a flower bud in the summer air, may turn out to be a beautiful flower by the time we meet.
Well, that turned out well in the end.
This is what Calphurnia’s dream means.
Caesar was a tyrant.
What I am saying can't anger him.
They cannot have changed; there is no way this could be true.
The container of that great soul is now cold.
This box is too threatening.
This castle is in a pleasant place.
This stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
This is just what the letter said.
Yes, you are right.
It is my best option: I cannot afford to lose forty ducats.
I will tell him about the letter.
That knife should be in its sheath on that Montague’s back, but instead it is mis-sheathed in my daughter's
This damned witch Sycorax was kicked out of Algiers for various witching crimes too terrible for humans to hear about.
Today was the day I breathed my first breath.
Today, great Duke, she locked me out of my house and feasted there with whores.
I will do this deed before I lose my sense of purpose.
You were not good enough for her.
Lorenzo will be happy with what we have done.
This diamond is a present from him to your wife for her boundless hospitality.
I was afraid this would happen, because he was a noble, brave man, but I did not believe he had a weapon.
This disease is beyond my medical skills.
This bad weather isn’t good to walk around in.
These crisscrossing laces do cut off circulation in my legs a bit, but who cares?
Next he placed his arm around the bride’s neck and kissed her with such a smack that when they parted the sound of their lips made
Who are they following?
It is not true because she separates us.
This dream has been interpreted all wrong.
This is going even better than I planned.
This feather moved because of her breath.
This guy does not pay much attention to punctuation.
I remember this fellow. He once played the eldest son of a farmer.
This man is wise enough to play the fool, and only clever people can do that.
This Iago is extremely honest and good, and he knows a lot about human behavior.
That is all he asks for himself.
Shall we go see this fortification, men?
This treacherous Egyptian has betrayed me.
I found this pinned to my tent this morning.
This fellow will out-talk us all.
This clearing will be the stage, and this hawthorn bush will be our dressing room.
In this way, grief and comfort appear together.
The fact that this summer bird, the house martin, builds his nests here proves how inviting the breezes are.
With a hand like this you need to.
This toast is for Lepidus.
Other countries criticize us for our loud partying.
This is a small house.
I explained how you were deceived, how you were thwarted, the things that were used against you, who was working against you.
How could he be in debt without me knowing?
I will tell him all of this, dear lady.
Then I will listen to her.
He did this in public?
I swear I will never break this promise of love.
This precious little guy is putty in your hands, Sir Toby.
This is not a monster, it is a devil.
This man is exactly the kind of person your sister warned us about.
This is not a maiden, as you say, but an old man.
These are a man’s words, and his handwriting.
This is a majestic and harmonious vision.
He does not let go of his target when a distraction appears.
This is a lowlife who basks in the reflection of the fading glory of the woman he works for.
This is a sleepy tune.
He is an unremarkable man, fit only to be sent on errands.
This king is a descendant of that same victorious stock.
This is a rotten song to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is beyond weird.
That is all.
This is an asp’s trail, and these fig leaves have slime on them.
This is a stranger business than men have ever set foot in before, and it is not natural.
This is as rude as it is strange.
They call this the argumentative countercheck. And so on through “the circumstantial lie” and “the direct lie.
This is exactly how she always looks, and she is fast asleep.
This is his second fit like this.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
I am making a kind offer, zero percent financing.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is pure insanity.
This business is even stranger than murder.
This news is absolutely true: Mark Antony is expected to arrive in Rome at any hour now.
This is my treasurer.
It does not excuse your cruel behavior.
This is no place for you; this home is now a slaughterhouse.
Well, you have given away all your other rightful titles.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
This has not reached the level of an Egyptian feast yet.
It is nothing.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
That is old news.
I will do it.
You were tricked into fighting, Gloucester.
Mercutio, be quiet.
Yes, to smell. This is Signor Antonio.
This is a man who has been praised for his honesty, and who now pretends to be plainspoken.
This is a love token from some other slut, and you want me to copy its pattern for you?
This is some monster of the island, with four legs, who seems to me to have some kind of ache.
This looks like an abbey.
These outbursts do not look like real fear.
This is the air, that is the glorious sun.
This is the inventory of the money, silverware, dishes, and jewels that are still in my possession.
This is the day I will get what I wished for when I wished that the person I most trusted would betray me.
Today, I am going to get what I wished would happen to me if I was ever false to King Edward’s children or his wife
This is the door.
This is a classic example of the idiocy of the world: when we are down and out, often because of our own excesses, and
This must be some kind of fairyland.
This is the fool who lent out money without charging interest.
This is the devil Flibbertigibbet.
This is what happens when you act rashly.
This is what happens when you visit whores.
Here is the indictment of Lord Hastings, which has been written out in a clear hand, like any legal document, so it can be read aloud
This is the final discussion I will grant.
This is Antonio, my closest friend.
This is the man.
This is the man I have met so many times in the forest.
To prison, until you are called into court.
This is the roof under which Lorenzo said to meet him.
This is the place.
This is the brave sergeant who fought to keep me from being captured.
This is the silliest thing I have ever seen.
Benvolio is part of the Montague family.
Love is such a violent emotion that it makes people self-destruct, as much as any strong emotion.
This is exactly the false way that verses gallop along.
This is just another one of the hallucinations you always get when you are afraid.
This is your job.
This speech is going on too long.
This is Trebonius.
This is good.
This island belongs to me because Sycorax, my mother, left it to me.
Here is why: it would be better for the enemy to come after us.
Caesar’s knave will bring him a message for us.
This little prank is going to cost me.
I will show you how kind I am.
This lantern represents the moon.
This letter from Bellario introduces us to a young and well-educated lawyer.
He is as brave as a fox.
That Lodovico is a good looking man.
This does not look like a wedding.
All these new Christians will make the price of hogs go up.
My father cannot think straight. A hundred knights!
This man said, sir, that Don John was a villain.
This may cheer me up.
You are telling me to give it time and wait for summer.
This morning, they have flown away and in their place are ravens, crows, and kites, flying over our heads and looking down
Like a young man who wants to amount to something, this morning begins early.
Let Caesar do whatever he wants.
We have not yet encountered that danger, and the best thing to do is avoid it entirely.
There must be a strange explanation for this.
This hard work would be boring and nasty to me, but I am working for a mistress who makes me enjoy my labor.
This wicked man will be brought face to face with Margaret, who was hired by Don John to take part in this plot.
Tonight I am having a feast that we have celebrated for many years.
I will spend tonight working to make something horrible happen.
I think this night is just like sick daylight.
He is running bareheaded, calling for the end of the world, out there on a night like this.
You will not.
This paper tells me of ten thousand Frenchmen who lie dead on the battlefield.
That is the only witchcraft I ever used.
He pretended to be some kind of sorcerer, and he gazed in my eyes and took my pulse.
The prince has done neither; therefore, in my opinion, he is not really protected by sanctuary.
This is the prophecy of the wizard.
I got this purse full of money from you, and my Dromio brought it to me.
These corpses suggest mayhem.
This ring, sir, is nothing.
He speaks roughly, but what he says is smart, and his roughness makes other people enjoy listening to him.
This one, and I will give her to you.
That sounds like the voice of Friar John.
Set him free.
He discovered that the man was his older brother.
It is this servantlike mentality that is keeping you unmarried.
This fight will decide who dies.
This may end without anyone getting killed.
This will make our actions seem practical and not vengeful.
This sight of death is like a bell that warns me I am old and I will die soon.
It would make him curse the heavens and be damned to hell.
Your words have moved me, and maybe it will do some good.
Caesar’s speed defies belief.
I only need to show your sword to Caesar and tell him about your death to get into his good favor.
This storm protects me from thoughts that would hurt me more.
This is the Dauphin’s message.
You are going to pay for this, Roderigo.
I swear on my life that I am speaking the truth.
This is as bad as the tortures of hell.
I know what I will do.
Now you sound like a man.
This tyrant, whose mere name is so awful it hurts us to say it, was once considered an honest man.
This wicked son of mine confirms the prediction —son against father.
Well, that proves she is in love with you.
That was a humorous message.
Jacob did not have any control over what happened.
That was nothing.
This was the basket.
That is what she was expecting, and you let her down.
That was no show.
This used to be a great puzzle, but now I have solved it.
This was the most unkind cut of all.
This was the best Roman of them all.
Good job, my little one.
Undress the statues if they are decorated in honor of Caesar.
This way, my lord.
Come this way.
His arrival fits perfectly into my plan.
Hopefully, your wedding day is only postponed.
This week he was sad, moody, depressed, and very different from his usual self.
That would be kind.
I will also wear this in my cap.
This will be a wonderful kingdom to live in, where they play music for free.
That will keep them from being afraid.
This will make them both so afraid that they will kill each other just by looking at each other.
The wind you are talking about is blowing us off our course.
That is what the bill says.
This may have seemed like the pinnacle of sadness, but if I went on, I could outdo it.
This poor man has confessed his plan.
You should pity me for that reason, not hate me.
What do you think, Norfolk?
I can tell by his voice that this man is a Montague.
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
This is Decius Brutus.
This, this All-Souls Day, is my just desserts.
No!
What is this?
Macbeth will go there to learn his destiny.
But I must go there, against my will. servants must fulfill their masters' wishes.
That is where I am going now, so I will leave you here.
I will invite the duke and all of his followers.
Thomas, the earl of Surrey, and he were moving from troop to troop around twilight cheering up the soldiers.
That is her father and his friends, who have been roused out of bed.
Since I was so drawn to studying things like logic, grammar, geometry, and astronomy, I let my control of the government slide a bit.
His eyes used to glow with pride when he reviewed his troops.
That pale face of yours will frighten others as well.
It seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his chamber did it.
You do their work for them and give them good luck.
The good manners of the court look as silly in the country as it does at the court.
People who are too serious or too silly are awful.
Whoever is already married (except one person I know) will stay married.
People who die of it seldom or never recover.
When grown-ups teach little children, they do it gently and easily.
Those who have known how bad things are here on earth.
The servants Macbeth killed.
Those who were bitter enemies of your father in his time have turned their bitterness to sweetness, serving you affectionately and wholeheartedly.
Lead those away who will follow you, and we will explain publicly the reasons for Caesar’s death.
Let those who will hear me speak stay.
People who want to start a big fire quickly start with little twigs.
Those uncles that you wish were here were dangerous.
The devil himself cannot say a name I hate more.
How nice of you!
You must be crazy to say that.
You would not know enough to be afraid of traps.
You make me want to agree with the philosopher Pythagoras that animal souls are reincarnated in human bodies.
You will be exhibited in Rome along with me, like Egyptian puppets.
You and your fellow spirits did your last assignment well, and now I need your help again.
You are a pustule, a sore, a tumor digesting my bloodline.
You are a cobbler, are you?
You are a man with a good reputation.
You are a fool.
You are a well-dressed lady.
You are only a soldier.
Even my tears burn me like molten lead.
That is an odd thing to say.
You are a traitor. Off with his head.
You are a villain to say this about me.
You are a villain!
You have a sword, Gloucester.
You are as wise as you are beautiful.
You have come to face a ruthless enemy, an inhuman wretch incapable of pity, without any feelings of mercy.
You are Dromio, you are my servant, and you are yourself.
You are in a perilous state, shepherd.
You are like one of those guys who walks into a bar, slams his sword on the table, and then says, “I pray I
I couldn’t see you, Lysander, but I heard your voice, and that is how I found you.
You have not been conquered.
You are on your deathbed.
The only thing you can sense are punches—just like an ass.
You can trust me.
You armor my heart.
You are the best of the cutthroats.
You are what is left of the noblest man that ever lived.
Look at him.
You are your father’s daughter.
You are going to die.
You look too much like the ghost of Banquo.
Sometimes you get a bit too wild, and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude.
Reborn.
You are good for nothing, let me in.
You are bleeding a lot.
You are too evil for words.
You are making me go off-key.
No, you are just reminding me of something I have also noticed.
You are appealing to a son who hates you.
You cannot force me any more than Hermia can beg me.
You must have figured out who I am.
Pompey, you cannot frighten us with your navy.
You haven’t got it in you to frown or look displeased or bite your lip as angry women do.
You cannot talk about something that you do not feel.
You cannot do that.
Do you know why the nose is in the middle of a person’s face?
Shame on you, warped hag!
You scolded me often for loving Rosaline.
You may as well undertake to be hanged.
You drank horses’ urine and water from scum-covered puddles that even animals would refuse.
You gave an excellent performance.
You stopped me.
You promised to take a full year off my sentence.
You smiled with a strength you must have gotten from heaven, while I cried salty tears into the salty sea, and groaned at our situation.
You once stole my position, now you get to have the grief that goes with it.
You slander her, you devil.
You are not being a good friend, Iago. Please do not ask me to tell you.
You are poisoning my eyes.
You are thinking something.
You are not paying attention to me.
You do not wish we had more help from England anymore, cousin?
Can’t you see I am eating?
You are snoring, but it sounds like you are talking.
You are absolutely right.
You are absolutely right, your highness.
You do your job well.
You have forgotten, and you think it is a burden when I ask you to walk through the ocean, or run on the north wind, or
You drunken slave, I sent you for a rope and I told you what to do with it.
You flea, you louse, you winter cricket!
You foolish madman, listen to me for a moment.
Tomorrow you need to get more money sent to you.
Indeed, you did, and more besides, Miranda.
You have a noble wife who is much more beautiful than any other woman in this declining age.
You have a beautiful half-sister, Octavia.
You have amazed me.
You have bested many things, do not try and best me.
You have pretended to be in love with her, singing fake love songs softly at her window by moonlight.
You have described a warm friend who is cooling off.
I will tell everyone what you did, even if it is not true.
You opposed my taking part in the war.
Your wit is so forceful, it frightens the very meaning out of your words.
You have guessed exactly what I feared.
You are right, actually.
You killed my child.
If you have me, you have me now at my worst; and if you have me, you will appreciate me better.
Sir, do not try to beat me in a battle of wits.
You have my friendship.
No, you have not, cousin.
You can have what you want.
You started a fight with a man who coughed in the street because he woke up a dog that was sleeping in the sun.
You have only insulted yourself.
Have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You have seen these illusions.
You have served me faithfully.
You have some plea for Caesar, don’t you?
Your complaint against me is perfectly understandable, but I still insist I have done everything I can to help you.
You have wronged Caius Ligarius.
A soldier is just a tool, like his sword, unless he has your qualities.
You have.
You should be whipping yourself, since you lust after her and yearn to do the same thing for which you are punishing her.
Please just listen.
You know how young my daughter is.
You know where I live.
You do not know what money can buy.
You do not know me.
You know that Banquo and his son Fleance are still alive.
The first time we see the world as newborns, we cry and scream.
Otherwise, you would see me blushing about the things you have heard me say tonight.
We achieve things with our intelligence, not by magic, and intelligent planning takes time.
You know where I will be waiting.
You know that the style of a man’s jacket or hat or coat means nothing.
Swords do not frighten me.
You lie, you nasty, ungrateful thing.
You are lying, you shaggy-haired villain!
It is a lie, you thread, you thimble, you measurement!
You lie.
You are alive.
You look happier already, and I will be back quickly.
You look like a person who knows the business of war.
You make me so happy.
Someday you can get revenge. Oh, you bastard!
You could have done this without your beard and gown.
You liar, you respond better to the whip than to kindness.
You have to be patient with me.
You should know that to me, profit is more important than honor, but the other way around.
You must not hold my earlier outburst against me.
You insolent rascal, what trade?
You do not have to go yet.
You will never hear from the herald again.
You old traitor, repent all your sins.
You give your best praise to the worst women.
You lover of that damned whore, you are talking to me of “ifs.”
You stupid cop, stop your violence!
You coward, did you run away from me?
What you told me haunts me like a nightmare. He has my handkerchief!
You say the king is losing his mind.
Fever, as we know, is a kind of madness.
You seasoned his food with screams.
You see that any morals she has left are preventing her from denying the charges. She does not want to add perjury to her list of sins.
You see how the world goes, Volumnius.
As you can see, these lovers are looking for a place to fight.
You see, we are not alone in our unhappiness.
You will introduce me to him as a nun.
Goodness, it is daylight.
You will be lord of the island then, and I will be your servant.
You will be pricked all over, and it will sting like bees.
I will have you whipped with wire and soaked in brine, making your pain linger.
You will pay for this if I ever see you face-to-face in the daylight.
And then you will see that despite what you thought, I will be as powerful as I was before.
Your descendants will be kings, even though you will not be one.
I will give you a good reason to cringe, I promise you.
You cannot have anything but the penalty, to be taken at your peril.
I will only admit that you are sane when you agree with Pythagoras and hesitate to kill a bird.
Do not go back until I have carried the corpse into the marketplace.
That is a nice hand you dealt me.
You have to come with me.
I will commute your death sentence.
You will not leave this grove until I have paid you back for this insult.
You are not going to take him.
That way I can conquer my own fear and sleep easy at night.
You will not regret this.
You are not taking one step toward an enemy.
You will work for me.
You will see, I promise you.
You should always be honest.
Listen to me, Queen.
You are not supposed to get old until you are wise.
You should ask if it is possible that any criminal could be so rich.
That is music to my ears.
What you say is true.
You speak more wisely than you know.
You talk like a child, but you are very smart.
Oh, you are sticking a dagger in me!
Once again, you bring good news.
You will not be striking me down, but defeating Caesar.
You teach me how to act.
You think it is a big deal that this fierce storm is soaking me to the skin.
You think I am kidding.
You told me they escaped into this forest.
You told me you hated him.
You are torturing me, Tubal.
I am not in the mood.
Capulet, you villain!
You there, rogue, what do you have to say about that?
You were never with me for anything if you weren’t there for the goose.
No, what provoked you was your own mind, which never thinks about anything but butchering.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
Yes, said my husband, “Did you fall on your face?
You will fight with a man who is cracking nuts just because you have hazelnut-colored eyes.
Are you going to write Antony about this?
You are as much of a thinker as worm’s meat is a nice steak.
Oh, you are wrong.
You would make a good fool.
You just said they had to face her.
You were her servant at the time, as you admit yourself.
You would fight with a man if he had one more whisker in his beard than you have in your beard.
Wretched boy, you hung out with him here, and you are going to go to heaven with him.
While I stood spellbound, messengers from the king arrived and greeted me as the thane of Cawdor, which is how the weird
You are a smart man.
You are right.
You would run away from a bear, but if the only way was into the stormy ocean, you would turn around and confront the bear.
I doubt you would thank me in the end, but she is rich, all right, very rich.
You are right.
The whole world could look at you, and no one would be as blind as he is, thinking you are beautiful.
Even though evil wants to look good, good still has to look good.
Even though Birnam Wood did come to Dunsinane, and I am fighting a man not of woman born, I will fight to the end
Cassio was wrong to hurt Montano, who was only trying to help him.
Though I have far more reason, I do not have as much energy to curse you.
Though I would not wish to be better for my own sake, for your sake I wish I were twenty times more beautiful and ten thousand times richer
Even if he were as important a man as the devil, as Lucifer or Beelzebub himself, he is required to keep his vow.
Although I cannot make his ship disappear, I can still make his journey miserable.
Even though I am mad, I will not bite him.
Even if I have to die, as they threaten, I have to help the king.
I know I may be old, but I am strong and healthy, because in my youth I never drank nor lived recklessly.
It does not matter that I hit him first.
Though I wish you were dead, I am not going to be the one to kill you.
Though he seems a little old-fashioned, there is much care and courage in this Welshman.
It may be honest, but it is never wise to bring bad news.
Though that must have been a pitiful sight, the ground looked beautiful.
Guys who would take her with all her faults, provided there was enough money involved.
Even though Nature has given us the wit to have this argument, hasn’t Fortune sent this fool here to stop us?
Even if the news is sad, tell me with a smile on your face.
I still have a little memory left, and there is still some fire in my eyes. My dull, deaf ears can still hear a little.
We follow in your orbit, and you have the power to move us.
Though our lives are different, we have decided.
The queen is here on special business, and her army has moved on.
That is, if we ever want to return to being rivals for Bianca’s love.
Though science can explain them away, disasters still come after eclipses.
They commanded me to lock my doors and leave you out in this merciless storm, but I have come out here to find you and take you where
Though this island may appear desolate,
Even if marrying her meant I died.
Though we have lost a generous king, we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king.
You have shut me up in a dark room and given your drunken cousin authority over me.
We three couples will celebrate with a sumptuous feast.
There aren't three people in all of Egypt who could do better.
I was not myself as a result of the wine.
Three months from twelve months of the year.
Three of the carriages are very imaginatively designed, and they match the fencing accessories.
Three or four women near me cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three proper young men, all good looking and with great presence.
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio will guarantee it.
Three thousand ducats, hmmm.
Three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked in the direction of the Tower, as if he hated to carry me to this slaughterhouse
Three words, dear Romeo, and then it is good night for real.
I can remember the past seventy years pretty well, and in all that time I have seen dreadful hours and strange things.
Calphurnia cried out three times in her sleep, “Help, someone!
It just appeared before them and marched past them with slow dignity three times, a staff’s distance from their amazed eyes, while they turned
I beg you to excuse me for another night or two, or at least until nightfall.
The tawny cat has meowed three times.
Three times in an hour I saw him down, and three times up again.
Everything about this is unnatural.
Let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house.
The cold wind blows through the hawthorn trees.
My heart, which dried out with grief, will surely break apart into a powder, and that will be the end of my disgusting mind.
Medicine is for the dogs.
Throw some of your words at me.
And throw this dead peasant into the manure pit.
Thursday is coming.
Though I said my name was Benedick, I heard this news with Claudio’s ears.
Oh, this is terrible!
I am dying.
All traitors protest like this.
That is how I always do it, getting money from fools.
This is how they do it, sir: they measure the depth of the Nile according to certain marks made on the walls of the Pyramid.
This is how God forces wicked men to turn their swords against themselves.
This is all I can say about him: he is well-born, has proven his bravery in battle, and has established his good character.
Thus far, our straining author has pursued the story with his crude, inadequate writing, keeping important people penned up in this little room.
Now my sin has been taken from my lips by yours.
Everyone goes off into the world except me, who stays in because I am sunburned.
He would have gotten a pension of six pence a day for his whole life.
This is how the candle burned the moth.
Now you have only the memory of what you were, which tortures you when you consider what you have become.
I have begun my reign with a carefully thought-out plan, and I have every hope of succeeding.
I, Wall, have done my part.
It has been my bad luck to remain alive long enough to be able to tell the sad stories of my own misfortunes.
Because of your advice and your help, I have a high position now.
That is what I conceive of him.
With this I avoid the grief of Antony’s death.
I let you go and give you to the gods.
Then I will change it to this: Father Time himself is bald, so for all time there will be bald men.
I will see her like this.
It must go like this.
Think about it.
Losers always leave quickly.
Think like that, and you will manage to get honey out of a common weed and find a moral lesson in the devil himself.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire. From a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother!
A lovely, cunning shore can distract a man from the perils of a stormy sea.
By heaven’s decree, Rosalind was composed of different faces, eyes, and hearts, so that she might have the most prized
My king says this: “Tell Harry of England: though we appeared dead, we were only asleep.
My king goes on to say that if your royal father does not sweeten the bitter insult you sent my king and grant all our demands, Henry
That is how things should be.
Well then, I will say this quickly: the valiant Paris wants you as his bride.
My brother robbed me of my life, my crown, and my queen all at once.
We are in agreement.
This way, we can see how the world moves.
When you avoid one trap, you fall into another.
So I die with a kiss.
And so, on the wings of imagination and at the speed of thought, our scene flies swiftly on.
Why?
Your attendant asses are getting the horses ready.
You have already stained our sheets with your lust; now I will stain them with your whore’s blood.
Your Brutus ordered me to give it to you, and I will do what he says.
What is your business?
You will be my role model.
Your Clarence, who stabbed my Edward, is also dead.
You are not as close to death as you think you are.
That is why your desires are wolfish, bloody, and ravenous.
Your guardian angel is noble, courageous, significant, and unmatched when Caesar is not around.
Your death and destiny advise your followers to escape.
His drugs work quickly.
I surrender your dukedom and beg you to forgive me for all my crimes.
Your son Edward, who stabbed my son Edward, is dead.
I am your evil spirit, Brutus.
Your eyes look like they have sunk into your head.
Your face is mine, and you have slandered it.
Your disloyal uncle, are you paying attention?
Your fate awaits you.
I am going to let him live.
Your father!
Your clothes are not spattered with my family’s blood, and you are not affected by my curse.
Now, your gown?
You can have it then, your highness.
You have not forgotten the half of a kingdom I gave you.
Your head is full of fights as an egg is full of yolk, but your head has been beaten like scrambled eggs from so much fighting.
Your husband lies dead in Paris, and Paris too.
Your husband knew about everything.
Your husband.
Your Juliet is alive.
I am seizing your lands and all that you possess until your brother gives testimony that absolves you of any guilt.
Your life has had honor in it.
It is a miracle you are alive.
I hope your love for me remains this strong for your entire life.
Your darling?
Your friend,      Artemidorus.” I will stand here until Caesar passes by,
Start without me.
Your light dulls when he is near.
Your master and his servant are here.
Your master is a wise and honorable Roman.
Your mistress’s marks?
Your mother was extremely virtuous, and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name has become a threat to her own children.
Your mother has been poisoned.
Your name is Gloucester.
Why are you leaving, my angry friend?
Why do you say that?
Stay invisible.
Your sister’s sister.
Your slander has broken her heart, and now she lies buried with her ancestors in a tomb.
You are so attractive when you smile.
Your ghost walks the earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs.
That is enough.
By law, you are condemned to die.
I obey all your thoughts.
Your threats are no stronger than her whining.
The truth will be all the inheritance you get.
Your voice is loud and commanding, but you look like a working man.
Your wild actions resemble the irrational fury of a beast.
Your joke is a bitter apple.
Your misery will make them sharp and piercing like mine.
All because of what happened to that brat Rutland?
You are coming here to see the dreaded act you had tried to stop.
Be so kind as to show them in.
You can see for yourself.
Neither death nor life will stop me from coming.
Keep my lover quiet.
Keep this libertine occupied with endless debauchery.
You are tigers, not daughters.
Until Birnam Wood gets up and moves to Dunsinane, I will not be affected by fear.
I would endure it until he came home.
Good-bye, until the time I see you dressed in your battle gear, which will suit you both very well.
No, the whole day, and all night.
Only until noon, my lord?
Until then, I will walk around town, peruse the markets, and gaze upon the buildings, and then I will return to the inn.
Until then, I have to remain calm.
Until then, we have said enough.
Meanwhile, after you.
Until then, my noble friend, think about this: I would rather be a poor villager than call myself a citizen of Rome.
Until then, think about the well-being of Rome.
Unless your taunts can undo the signature on my contract, you are just wearing out your lungs by speaking so loud.
I will be getting my own figures together in the meantime.
There is not much time.
Age hasn’t dried up my body or eroded my intelligence so much, and luck has not robbed me of so much of my fortune.
Time has come round, and I will end where I began.
Time will tell what you have up your sleeve.
Time travels at different speeds for different people.
Time, you thwart my dreadful plans.
It blushes, is easily embarrassed, and stages regular uprisings in a man’s heart.
It is an outstanding army and highly motivated.
It looks like a day when the sun is hidden.
He is a good-looking young man, and there are a lot of people with him.
It is a fault I would not trade for your best virtue.
These are frightening odds.
It is a nice hazy feeling, so give in to it.
It is a nice hand, an open one.
It is nice to see children playing well together.
It is a good shilling, I promise you.
His courage is hidden, and when it is revealed, it will shrink.
There is no reason to be afraid.
Call it a match.
This is a nasty night to go swimming.
It is a trick to confuse us.
That is a wise idea.
It is a reason for suspicion, even though it is just a dream.
It is a strange snake.
He is a subject for a king to contemplate, and for a king’s king to ride on, and for the world at large.
What an excellent piece of work it is.
It is a horrible thing to die when you are not prepared for it.
It is a wild night.
It is amazing, if I may say so, that she let herself be tamed.
Give me your hand, Kate.
He will be a good governor.
Age is the thing that nourishes.
It is all the same.
It is almost fairy time.
It is almost morning.
It is as complete a work of villainy as any that could be thought up.
Then it must be Banquo’s.
When we were alone, we agreed that in public she would go on being unpleasant.
It is best to let him go.
It is better that you did not kill him.
It is better to say little than to be tedious.
It is bitterly cold out, and I am depressed.
It is pointless to talk now.
It was a bit short, my lord.
I can only walk a little way with you, since I am waiting here.
I guess it is only one man, no big deal.
What do I care about?
Only an hour ago it was nine, and in another hour it will be eleven.
Take me, death!
I hate my name, dear saint, because my name is your enemy.
It is called the evil.
He has certainly crossed the river Somme.
Of course the Prince wants Hero for himself.
Then it is certain they are heading for Cyprus.
There is certainly not a boy left alive, and it was done by the cowardly rascals who were running from the battle.
It is clear, every man must take responsibility for the manner of his own death.
That is for sure.
It is Cinna.
That is completely beside the point.
That is cowardly and womanish.
It is dangerous to talk about it.
It is always dangerous when little people get caught in the crossfire of mighty opponents.
It is a capital offense for anyone from Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it and want all good men's love.
It is our destiny, like death.
It has been done already, and the messenger is on his way.
I have finished it for you, and it ends in “Margaret.” He has turned your curse against you.
It is a bet.
It is wrong to cheat on your wife and then let her see the offense in your eyes.
That is the way it goes.
It must be.
He drinks like this every night before he goes to sleep.
Not even trivial things were left out.
It is against the rules of combat.
It is not true.
My memory is hazy, more like a dream than a recollection.
I have told you.
Besides, you are a sponge.
That is most appropriate.
He will recover his sanity there.
But, poor Gloucester!
It is gone.
It is good we are doing this.
Good.
It would be difficult, almost impossible.
Enough!
It is Richard who sent us here to slaughter you.
That is him, that villain Romeo.
That is him.
It is him.
It is dark out, and it could be a trap.
Those are her orders.
It is over here.
There it is.
That is just how he is.
It is his fault that he is all worked up like this.
It is still warm from the cut.
It is locked away in my memory, and you have the key.
What we are is up to us.
That is true.
We already knew that.
It is late.
It is like a cannon.
You sound like a pack of wolves howling at the moon.
It is strange that you have not heard.
It is fair for him to treat me like this.
It is midnight.
It is strongest in the strongest people.
It is mine and I am going to get it.
That is awful.
It has been longer, it has been longer.
It is the best thing to do.
It is true, and he asked me to beg you both to attend.
He has the wisdom to act bravely but also safely.
That is too long. Servants, leave her and me alone.
There is a picture of me inside.
No, it does not mean anything.
It is new to you.
It is nine o'clock.
It is not earlier than that, I tell you.
It does not matter if it is in tune so long as it is loud enough.
It will not matter.
It does not matter.
Oh, well.
It is not the right time to play.
It is noble Kent, your friend.
Spoken like a gentleman.
This is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances.
It is not right to obey his orders to let him go alone.
You are serious enough to know not to play games with Satan.
It is not in the contract.
You do not need it yet.
I am not like that now.
It does not sound as sweet as it did before.
I have outshot you, and not for the first time.
The king is not the one sending you to the Tower, Clarence.
If you say my wife is beautiful, eats well, loves good company, speaks freely, sings, plays music, and dances well, you are
She is not talking to me.
It is not yet daylight.
It is only four o'clock now.
It is already almost night.
The clock is just striking twelve.
This is the time of night when witches come out, when graveyards yawn open and the stench of hell seeps out.
A man named Iago, the general’s ensign.
It is pathetic to be Caesar.
It is partly my own fault, since I followed you here.
Oh, lovely.
It is all over now, and so am I. Let’s forgive each other.
It is sad, but Iago knows she had sex with Cassio a thousand times.
It is too bad.
It is a shame that you walk the streets with all the honest men.
I know I ought to obey my husband, but not now.
It is better to be the person who gets murdered than to be the killer and be tormented with anxiety.
They say the horses ate each other.
You have said it, friend, and farewell to you.
She is the one who has to do it.
It has been eleven years since the earthquake.
Though the truth of your treachery is as plain as black on white, I cannot believe it.
Edward is still alive.
That necklace around his neck is the very one he swore he did not have.
It is that.
I have.
Something is wrong, the man sounds panicked.
It is something, it is nothing: it is yours, it is mine, and it will belong to thousands more.
You are right.
It is fair game to mark a coward.
It is strange that Regan and her husband left their house without sending back my messenger.
These lovers are saying strange things, Theseus.
It is strange, strange.
It is very strange.
It is strange.
Damn you!
It is difficult to have such immaturity so close to my heart, but bear with me.
That is the curse of military service.
He is going senile.
It is the last command I shall ever give you.
It is the tragedy of our times that lunatics must lead the blind.
They probably put him up to killing old man Gloucester to get his money.
Word is that Richmond is the navy’s admiral.
It is three o'clock, and, Romans, before night, we will try our luck in a second battle.
As long as a person tells me the truth, even though it means my death, I will listen as though he praised me.
It is time for you to know the whole story.
It is time for me to leave.
It is time to reassess the situation.
It is time to leave.
It is time that we brought our armies into the field.
I am afraid that may be the case, madam.
It is too terrible.
It is too late to go to bed now.
It is too small for your large mind.
It is torture, not mercy.
It is true, Hero says so.
It is true.
It is true that my brother’s daughter is Queen of Tunis, and heir of Naples.
That is true, my lord. I did get this ring from her.
It is true, my lords, he did.
It is true, this so-called “god” shook.
It is true.
That is true.
Yes, it is true.
Yes, it is.
From now until then seems like twenty years.
Two or three men, my lord, who brought the message that Macduff has fled to England.
All right, have it your way.
Very sad.
That is very likely.
That was too much.
That is very strange.
Very true.
Yes, that was it.
I think it is better to call it off.
That was a fine fanfare, boys.
This is a good agreement.
It is a good thing for you that, being castrated, you can better concentrate on my needs.
It is good you found me.
It is a good thing you are not a piece of fish.
It is nice that you are offering to sacrifice her behind her back.
It is good you hunted for yourself, sir.
That is great.
That is with worry.
He is somewhere between boy and man.
It is a wonder you did not lose your life and your mind all at once.
It is unbelievable.
It is worse than murder to humiliate a king’s messenger.
It is yours, and you may hang us, your trophies of war, anywhere you like.
Titinius, if you love me, get on your horse and spur him on until he has brought you to those troops and back again.
Titinius is lying face-up.
Get to it, be lustful, and sleep around. I need soldiers for my army.
Get yourself to a convent, fast.
And here I am, with that piece.
Go to Adriana, you scoundrel, quickly.
To Adriana?
We will have another bear-baiting just to make him angry, and we will mock him until he is black and blue.
The table of contents says it is in the first chapter of his heart.
If I answered that question, I would be making confession to you.
I will use it for fish bait.
To Baptista Minola’s house.
To be good-looking is a matter of luck, but to read and write is a natural gift.
Being thanked is more than enough for me, madam.
Just think, I could be Count Malvolio!
Only one man in ten thousand is good in this world.
I was a reasonable man, then I became a fool, and finally a beast.
If there is any doubt, there is no doubt.
You can refuse to make me your spouse, but I will be your servant whether you want me to or not.
To bed, to bed.
To bed.
You will be an accessory to both crimes.
To Brutus’s, to Cassius’, let’s burn them all.
When we love our job, we get up early and go to it joyfully.
Go to your cabins and be quiet.
I will yield my legions and cavalry to Caesar.
We are here to say “amen” to that.
To cut my penalty from that bankrupt man over there.
Dying, sleeping—that’s all dying is. A sleep that ends all the heartache and shocks that life on earth gives us.
To die, to sleep, to dream.
I think I can do that.
I learned to do this from you.
What do you need me to do?
To Dover.
They eat us up, and when they are full, they vomit us up.
I will steal away to England, and I will steal some more when I get there.
I myself, who am more indebted to you than anyone, have brought you this young scholar.
If you want to make me happy, do not wish yourself harm.
When you just want to eat, it is better to do that at home.
Not even to get her fan, or her gloves, or her mask, or anything.
To get my poor husband out from inside there.
To find you.
In order to flatter Caesar, would you flirt with the servant who laces up his pants?
If we flee from the boar before the boar even pursues us, we will only make the boar angry and suspicious.
Oh, I know.
I feel bad for scaring you like this, but it would be much worse for me to let you come to harm.
Get his position and use him to hurt Othello at the same time?
I tried to speak plainly, since you dislike plain speech so much.
To have a stupid wife.
I see Regan and Goneril in hell. A thousand hissing devils with sizzling red pitchforks come up to them.
You certainly deserve it.
I am saying it to the girl who isn’t here and does not hear me.
I was engaged to her before I ever met Hermia.
You tell her, widow.
Speak to him in your own voice, and tell me how he is.
I will go find him.
Go to him, Sir Topas.
He will accompany my wife, and bring whatever else you think I might need.
His feelings toward his own father who loves him so completely.
To our horses, you gallant princes.
I will go to Ireland.
To leave his wife, his children, his house, and his titles in a place so unsafe that he himself flees it.
I overlooked your request, but I did not deny it.
Can you imagine being hitched to a lump of clay?
In order to make your company even more enjoyable, I will keep to myself until suppertime.
We just want you to answer to your real name.
Denmark is a prison.
Gave me, sir?
You will not stand and fight.
I will not lodge any more than that under my roof.
To none but you, only to you.
For someone as intelligent as you, the situation must be clear enough.
To our house.
Many former friends of ours have gathered to meet the fleet and are not willing to beat it back.
When a majestic king starts acting silly, then it is my duty to be blunt.
We are done.
I will send my eyes to prison, and they will never be free to look at anything again.
It is not fair to punish me for something you make me do.
To save her life, I will say she does not.
To see an elderly, unlucky merchant from Syracuse publicly beheaded for breaking the law and coming to Ephesus.
No, this is not for me.
To the Forest of Arden, to find your father.
What I deserve is that you treat me like a queen, and what you deserve is to act like my subjects.
It is easy for a liar to pretend to feel sorrow when he actually feels none.
Would raise babies and clip coupons.
To supper?
I could take back my crown by force. What outrageous ingratitude!
Goneril would go crazy if I chose Regan, but it would be hard to get in with her while her husband is still alive.
To tell you that you will see me at Philippi.
Really, I am only pretending to be him.
Telling you where he is sleeping is like telling you where I am lying.
Go to the church and take the priest, the clerk, and some reasonably honest witnesses.
Go to your tomb.
To that end, I presented him with the tennis balls, the perfect expression of his inexperience and frivolity.
To the breach, to the breach!
Until the day we die, my lord.
We will meet at the Elephant.
I would follow you to the gates of Hell.
Let’s drink to our general.
Take him off to jail.
The tunnels!
Go to the harbor immediately.
That is exactly what they said.
Into God’s hands.
Let’s take up the best positions in the valleys.
Edmund, you deserve me to be your woman.
Before I fall asleep, I entrust my soul to you.
You, who are neither honest nor good.
Everyone who comes to gamble on winning me has to swear to these three rules.
This land will belong to your and Albany’s children forever.
Tie him to this chair. By the gods, it is disgraceful for you to pull my beard.
Add defiance to all this and, by way of conclusion, tell him that he has betrayed the men who follow him.
For you to threaten to kill me is most unlawful.
Only to watch that title become worthless, as her mother has.
How low we can fall, Horatio.
What did he say?
Why did I send you home?
Why would they do that, my lord?
What would that accomplish?
To which we all appeal.
What should we look for in the castle?
To whom?
Who would do that?
Which of us are you referring to?
Unfaithful, my lord?
The ones you have sent our lunatic king to.
I want to take the love I had for my cousin and take it out on the body of the man who killed him.
I am torn.
To, to, to murder me?
Those men you just mentioned will be beheaded today.
Tom will chase them off. Go away, you mongrels!
Let’s go.
Tom is chilly.
Tom is chilly.
Then tomorrow at dinner?
I will go hunting again tomorrow, I think.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the happy day, Audrey.
You should come to my house tomorrow morning, and since you cannot be my son-in-law, be my nephew instead.
Tomorrow night make sure that you are alone.
Tomorrow night, when the moon shines on the water and decorates the grass with tiny beads of pearly light, we will sneak out of Athens
They will be here tomorrow or the next day.
Tomorrow, I will let you know what I have decided and what answer you should deliver to the king of England.
We will give you an answer tomorrow.
I will see you tomorrow, then.
I will talk to you again tomorrow.
Tomorrow I will send the messenger.
Will you be crowned tomorrow?
We will be married tomorrow.
Come talk to me tomorrow as early as you can.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow.
He plans to leave tomorrow.
Before sunrise tomorrow, we will kill anyone who escaped today.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I will be able to tell you what land and sea forces I can raise for this war.
If you would like to talk tomorrow, I will come to your home.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I am fighting for my reputation, and any man who gets away without a broken bone or two is an exceptional wrestler indeed.
Tomorrow, soldier, I will fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow is a good day.
This is beyond words and beyond belief.
Tongue, do not speak.
Now I have to leave.
I will mourn Hero tonight.
Tonight in Harfleur we will be your guest; tomorrow we will march on.
Tonight she is alone in her room, alone with her sadness.
You know too much about suffering.
Too late, good Diomedes.
You thought about it too long, considering what you found there.
That is definitely too old.
Being too old to marry someone young.
Too fast is as bad as too slow.
I know a lot about the love women can feel for men.
Only too well.
Whether you bite to kill, Mastiff, greyhound, or ugly mutt.
Kiss her soft mouth, and we will be off.
You are hitting close to home there.
Did you mention that Edward’s children are bastards?
I seek no revenge for myself, but so dearly do I hold the safety of my kingdom, which you sought to destroy that you must be punished
As for this ghost we just saw, he is a real one, I can tell you that.
They fled toward Peloponnesus.
Toward Chertsey, noble lord?
I headed toward him, but he saw me coming and hid in the woods.
Do you carry a pike?
Tranio got you that time.
I saw her coral-pink lips move and perfume the air with her breath.
Let’s go.
You can't mean it, Tranio!
Go ahead, I will yield to your power.
Travelers have never told lies, no matter what the fools at home accuse them of.
Go get money.
We have been betrayed.
All other devils who tempt people to treason have some motive, put together from shreds.
After that, nothing can hurt him further, not weapons, poison, rebellion, invasion, or anything else.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his cue.
She stood trembling, then suddenly dropped dead.
What a beard trimmed like the general’s or a rough uniform will do among foaming mugs and brains washed with ale?
Trinculo, if you interrupt him any more, I swear I will knock some teeth out of your head.
Trinculo, speak politely.
Trinculo, watch out.
Hurry up Audrey, hurry. I am coming, I am coming.
Three-time traitor and whore!
I think your other ruff is better.
Yes, my lord, I played the part of a gossip and brought him the news.
Truly, no more than is reasonable.
I would need to explain why, and since words are so unreliable and false, I would prefer to avoid using them in a serious discussion.
Do not trouble him further until his mind is more settled.
Do not bother us up here.
Do not spend any more time here.
Do you know where I am going?
Hope with good cause is swift; it flies as fast as a swallow.
We have in fact seen better days and been summoned to church by the ringing of the holy bell and sat at good men’s feasts
Right or not, it has made you the Earl of Gloucester.
Yes, madam, that is the one.
It is possible, ma'am.
That is true, my good boy. Come on, take us to that hut.
It is true, my lord.
True, noble prince.
That is true, sir.
“Yes,” she said, “a fine little one.” “No,” I said, “
It is true!
True.
In that case I am afraid you are damned by both your father and your mother.
Actually, I would like a few pounds of grass.
She is obedient, a fine lady.
In fact, I consider ambition to be so light and airy that it is only the shadow of a shadow.
I certainly do have him, but I would not advise you to touch him.
Yes, I believe so.
I wish you were more poetical.
He keeps the devil away as well as a man can in his situation.
My name is Cinna.
Indeed, she gives a very good testimony of the snake’s power.
No, someone has to give her away or the marriage isn't legal.
In and of itself, it is a good life, but given that it is a shepherd’s life, it is worthless.
Sir, I make my living using an awl.
And you, sir, what is that? Well, compared to a fine workman, you might call me a mere cobbler.
I am better off because of my enemies, and worse off because of my friends.
Well, to wear out their shoes and get myself more work.
Congratulations, lady. You resemble a most honorable man.
He was wrong to do that.
Well, the tree bears rotten fruit.
Really, young men, though it wasn’t a very hard song to get right, the music was still all out of tune.
I am happy about that.
I swear, I could do so much. Please, no more.
I am afraid you are.
I swear he is the better dog.
Do not trust rotten planks.
Do not trust Trebonius.
Think about it.
Tubal, a wealthy Jew I know, will supply me with the cash.
Once more I come to ask you, King Harry, if you are ready to negotiate your ransom before your certain defeat.
Tunis has never had such a beautiful queen.
Turn your noble face away from me, that face that the whole world adores.
Sadness is only appropriate for funerals.
If each grain of sand had a tongue to eulogize, my horse would be a topic for them all.
Go back and tell your king that I do not seek an encounter with him now, but would be willing to march on to Calais without interference.
Even the goddess of patience couldn’t look at this and be patient. It is too horrifying!
Turn right at the next turn, but at the following turn, turn left.
Turn around, you dog from hell!
As the speaker of any prologue should, I ask you to hear our play courteously and to judge it kindly.
Oh, don’t worry about it, we’ll dip your    I will get you for that one.
I do not know.
I might as well say the fool is the fool.
Everything will be alright, I promise you.
Tsk, you are wrong.
Damn you, do not mock and sneer at me.
It is absurd.
Do not worry about me.
I know how they think, and I understand why they are doing this.
I am not myself.
I have the best armor in the world.
I do not like it.
Why, she is a lamb, a dove, a child compared to him.
So cheer up, there is still hope for you, man.
Tut, tut, my lord, we are not going to sit around chit-chatting.
Tut, tut, you have become rather icy.
It was a color he did not like.
It was just an accident.
It was a rough night.
To race after your departing ships, leaving his navy to watch, was a shame as great as the resulting loss.
It was a lovely wedding, and we are doing well on our trip home.
It took me two years before I had a single tooth.
He was the one who denounced his father.
It was I, in fact, whom you promised to strike.
I did kill her.
That was me, but it is not me. I am not ashamed to tell you what I once was, since I have since converted.
The world has gone downhill since fake humility started passing for compliments.
There was no need to tell me to get out of there.
It was the day he overcame the Nervii warriors.
A boy robbed you, but you will beat up the post instead.
I am the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters.
I was told that you were violent, proud, and sullen.
It was the play in which you wooed the gentlewoman so successfully.
It used to be the last resort for miserable people.
It is you we were laughing at.
Pinch my nose?
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago your father was the Duke of Milan, a powerful prince.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
I could challenge him to a duel and then not show up.
He should not speak badly of Brutus here.
No, it would be a sin to think such a low thought.
It would not hurt you to be charitable.
His wildness is a threat to all of us. To you, to me, to everyone.
If you thought that you would be thinking too much.
His kindness was nobler than even his desire for revenge, his natural goodness was stronger than his need to give his brother what he deserved.
Then I heard the trumpets blow twice, and left him in a trance.
I have a good plan.
There is going to be a storm.
It will be made even heavier soon by the weight of a man.
The king will be angry with him.
But never mind.
The change will be recorded as a precedent, and many bad legal decisions will result.
I have made a risky investment.
Wind and rain can't wash it off.
I do not know.
Two great enemies to my peace of mind.
Two hundred ducats.
After midnight, for two nights running, two guards, Marcellus and Barnardo, saw a figure that looked very much like your father.
You will be back at two o'clock?
Two of both kinds makes four.
Two of my brother’s men are tied up.
Two of the brightest stars in the whole sky had to go away on business, and they are asking her eyes to twinkle in their places until
Two of them are completely honorable, and if they have been tricked in this, we must blame John the Bastard, who lives to create conflict.
Two or three men are groaning.
There are two opposite elements in everything, in men as well as in herbs. Good and evil.
Two things still need to be done.
He must make a will here in this court that leaves all his property to his son-in-law Lorenzo and his daughter when he dies.
Two thousand ducats a year from his land.
There are two, a man and a woman.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished.
Tybalt wanted to kill you, but you killed him.
Tybalt was my nephew.
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?
Tybalt, old Capulet’s nephew, has sent a letter to Romeo’s father’s house.
Tybalt, I have a reason to love you that lets me put aside the rage I should feel and excuse that insult.
Tybalt’s death would be bad enough if that was all.
Tyranny is dead.
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants themselves wept when they heard about it.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
The human being unburdened by the trappings of civilization is no more than a poor, naked, two-legged animal like you.
Remove your armor, Eros.
Let me unbutton this.
If you can’t be kind, at least have some shame.
Uncle, I am coming out!
Uncle, this man is a Montague—our enemy.
But, uncle, you know how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Why did this have to happen now?
Unleash the dogs in the western valley.
If it is that important, then let the women die.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
I sink under the heavy weight of love.
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
From under the earth.
With this in mind, speak, my lord.
What captain do you serve?
How can I describe you that will appeal to the young woman and will also appeal to her feelings?
Go ahead.
If they march along unopposed, I will sell my dukedom for a filthy farm in that craggy isle of Albion.
Unhappy fortune!
I do not have a talent for putting my heart’s feelings into words.
Unkindness is powerful, and his unkindness may kill me, but it will never destroy my love.
This disrespectful stance toward the man who is your lord, your king, your governor tarnishes your beauty.
Unless you are talking about his love for this kind of foolishness, which, judging from his appearance, he has, he is no fool.
Unless I have mistaken his battle flags, which I am sure I haven’t, his regiment lies at least half a mile south of the
If only his lord were more like him.
Unless you can teach me how to forget my banished father, you shouldn't try to teach me how to be happy.
I am not a traitor, unfair lady.
Get out!
Until I know for sure, I will humor her.
It is a bad time for such an injury.
When storms arrive early, you can expect the harvest will be damaged.
Only men whom you would not trust would swear oaths, and for the worst reasons.
No, advancement to the dignity and height of honor, to a high, imperial kind of glory.
Reluctantly, I agreed.
Up and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down.
He was crowned by the golden sun, observed his heroic son and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature.
Get up.
Advancement to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
I will lie here tonight.
Awake, my lords!
Rise, princes, and, with a spirit of honor more sharply edged than your swords, rush to the battlefield.
Get up, get up, and look at this image of doomsday.
Up.
I did not like the way a particular courtier had cut his beard.
On the condition that your sister’s son, Publius, also must die.
When she landed at the port, Antony sent an invitation for her to come to supper.
He deserves only honor, complete honor.
There is no indication of the mighty army that surrounds them, nor has the long, sleepless night robbed his face of an ounce of color.
I swear on my honor that we saw and heard Hero talking to a brute at her window.
It is true that I heard a humming sound, a strange one, which woke me up.
I swear, each actor arrived on his ass.
I swear, somehow the fool has been cheated out of all my money.
Upon my life, my lord, I will do it.
Even though I do not see it, this lady thinks I am a marvelously good-looking man.
I have the authority to dismiss this court unless Bellario comes today.
I swear on my soul it was a lie.
Swear by my sword.
On record, my Lord.
My Cordelia, even the gods admire how much you have sacrificed for me.
With that I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
An important droplet is hanging from the corner of the moon.
What was that thing I saw moving away from you before you fell?
Upon the king!
I will see you on the guards' platform between eleven and twelve tonight.
I will go to the right side.
Four o'clock in the morning.
It is almost four.
It is almost ten o'clock.
When the actors were talking about poison?
Let’s go!
I took the hint and spoke to her.
Why are you doing this?
Why?
What sickness did she die of?
May your sword be victorious and everything you do succeed.
I will send goblins out at night to work their nasty deeds on you.
Do not provoke me any further or I will forget to restrain myself.
You are building your nest in
It is true.
Treat Desdemona well.
Do not just swear by it; put your hand to some use that will prove you love me.
Be lenient, dearest.
Treat me like you would treat a dog—kick me, hit me, neglect me, try to lose me.
Treat me well.
Treat them with respect and dignity.
Go ahead, use your authority.
You want me to say what I am thinking?
We do not need to hear it.
Get out of my sight, or I will give you what you deserve and spoil Caesar’s victory.
Varrus and Claudio!
Damn it all to hell!
Blab my nonsense!
Blab my nonsense?
I am off to visit my friends in Padua, including my best friend Hortensio.
Summertime in Verona has no flower as fine as him.
Nice and short and full of good sense. Or should I say nonsense?
It is possible.
Yes, very bad.
Absolutely.
When good orators finish talking, they spit; when lovers do not, they kiss.
Yes, sir.
Very good!
Good.
I am very sick.
Yes, very much like a whale.
Many people, men and women alike.
Yes, it is very sweetly.
He is awful in the morning when he is sobering up, and even worse in the afternoon when he is drunk.
Nice save!
Very well taken, I believe, very wise.
Very well, ma'am.
Yes, I did, my lord.
Yes, my lord, quite well.
Fine!” he says.
Very well.
All right.
Fine.
Okay.
All right, I will stop.
Do not disturb his soul.
Do not joke about his predictions.
Victory is with us.
I will give my vile body back to the earth.
I am no villain.
I am telling you to make a fist and pound.
Certainly not!
I hope you realized I wasn’t very happy about it.
Villain, you do not know the laws of God or of man.
You said those exact words to me back in the marketplace.
You evil whore!
Villains, you did not do even that much when your vile daggers struck each other as they hacked up Caesar’s sides.
Virtue is beauty, but someone beautiful and wicked is like an empty box decorated by the devil.
A virtuous woman will not give her husband horns, and my Rosalind is definitely virtuous.
Virtue turns to vice if it is misused.
A good person who does something wrong is only patched up with sin.
Can’t help it?
As for those who have not, I beg you to excuse the gaps in time, and the many people and things that cannot be represented here in
Please wear this ring.
Contagious infection of humanity, give me a chance to condemn you for the evils I know you have committed.
Divine, perfect woman, give me a chance to prove in detail that I am innocent of the evils you accuse me of.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Do not wake her.
Wake up when something nasty is nearby.
He is still warm, by God.
I assure you, my man is as true as steel.
Wasn’t that the best thing to do?
Isn’t that the reason you told me all this?
Was it you that he rescued?
Was it you that was always plotting to kill him?
Was there ever an evil book with such a beautiful cover?
Was a man ever as dirty as me?
Was a man ever beaten as much as me?
Was a man ever so tired?
Was there ever a match put together so quickly?
Has anyone ever won her as I have done?
Has anyone ever courted a woman in this state of mind?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
Wasn’t he friends with the brawling knights who serve my father?
Wasn’t he here?
Was I even close to you in the chase for the goose?
Wasn’t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other?
Did you go to bed so late, my friend, that you are having a hard time getting up now?
Was the Duke of Milan kicked out of Milan so his children could become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
There was never a mother who suffered so much loss.
There has never been a widow who suffered such loss as me.
Wasn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, here to speak with me?
Wasn’t Don John at dinner tonight?
Wasn’t that Cassio leaving my wife?
Wasn’t that letter from Jessica?
Does that sound like true love?
Was that the Caius Cassius that I knew?
Was it mine?
Was that my father who left here in such a hurry?
The crown was offered to him three times.
Were you drunk when you seemed so hopeful before?
Was this ambition?
Did this happen before the King of France returned home?
Was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore?
Are they washing out his wounds with their tears?
Wash your hands.
Were you born in the forest?
Were you ever at court, shepherd?
Were you mad when you spoke to me so madly?
Weren’t you ordered, on penalty of, why Dover? Let him answer that question.
Watch me like a hawk.
Be on guard tonight.
We all expect a nice answer from you, Jew.
We are all against what Caesar stands for, and there is no blood in that.
Every one of us is a criminal.
We are fortunate in the change.
We are lucky that Rome is rid of him.
We will do the same.
There are enough of us still alive in the field to overcome the English with our numbers if we could just restore some kind of order.
Sounds good to us.
We are friends.
I am happy the Dauphin has such a good sense of humor.
We are being haunted.
We are in God’s hands, brother, not in theirs.
We are men, my lord.
I am no tyrant, but a Christian king whose emotions are as tightly controlled as the wretches who languish in our prisons.
We are in.
The king sent us to give you his thanks and to bring you to him.
There he is!
We are all made of dreams, and our life stretches from birth to death.
You and I, Kate, we are the makers of custom, and the freedom that goes with our position silences all who would criticize us.
Farewell, brother.
We are responsible for this.
We are three of them.
We are two lions born on the same day in the same litter, and I am the older and more terrible.
We are ruined, lady. We are ruined.
We are sorry to hear this.
We are still just beginners when it comes to crime.
We are, my lord.
We are strangers here.
We both have eaten as well, and we can both endure the cold winter as well.
I came here crying.
We came here to fight against you.
We cannot all be masters, and not all masters should be followed.
We cannot be in two places at once, both here and there.
Her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods.
We cannot fight for love as men can.
We charge you, in the Prince's name, to stop.
I thumb my nose at superstitions.
We respected the beat of the song.
We did, my lord, weeping and carrying on about the sobbing deer.
We do not come here with the intention of making you happy.
We do not know.
What we have to worry about is a full-scale invasion from Scotland.
Yes, sir.
We do not doubt it.
I am now sure that every bump in the road has been removed.
I have no doubt that it will be a swift and successful war, since God so graciously exposed this dangerous plot.
You have been competing with this king for my daughter.
We will follow you.
We found him in the churchyard.
We were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men with no teeth.
There were many even more memorable feasts.
We have a dessert coming up.
We have driven him all the way back to his camp.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare.
We have been looking for him everywhere.
We can be happy that things have been resolved so agreeably.
We have consented to all reasonable terms.
We have finished our business.
We have advanced too far.
We have  and one of them is the criminal Deformed.
We have kissed away entire kingdoms and provinces.
We failed in half of our mission.
Now I am afraid we have lost your son forever.
We have no friends but determination and the quickest death.
We do not have any music that cannot be heard.
We have not made any preparations.
We have not even talked about who will be our torchbearers.
We have not yet set the coronation day.
We have slashed the snake but not killed it.
We have seen the best our age has to offer.
We have enough supplies for it, and they have earned it.
We already swore, sir.
We have two hours to get ready.
We did a lot of drinking in Egypt.
We are used to winning by standing on the earth and fighting toe to toe.
There are more than enough willing women.
That is correct, sir.
We are waiting here for you.
I hope to make the sender blush for it.
Uncle of Exeter, release the man who was arrested yesterday for railing against me.
We know each other’s faces, but as for our thoughts, he does not know any more about my thinking than I do about yours
We know you have a job to do, Brakenbury, and we will do what you say.
We know what is appropriate for a watch.
We should not make any judgments until we achieve our goal.
We will see you tomorrow.
We did not expect Mark Antony to be here.
I love him dearly, and I will continue to favor him.
We might as well send orders to the whale to come ashore and try to restore order in soldiers who have been carried away with their looting.
We have time to get all of this done before daybreak.
We have to be married properly.
Do not mess with me.
What a painful condition responsibility is.
We have to give them and take them, my lord.
We must die, Messala.
We have to strike while the iron is hot.
Come on, we have to follow the leaders of the dance.
We should rip off your man’s clothing and show the world the woman who has represented her own kind so badly.
We have to take the king’s side.
We shouldn't displease him.
We must not.
We are on a tight schedule.
We have to go out and talk to them.
We need to stay away from each other until midnight tomorrow.
It is time for us to stand guard.
Men tend to be irresponsible when they are away from home.
We are near his room now.
We did not please them on land.
We beg you, for your own sake, to respect your safety and give up.
I believe that Mr. Shore’s wife has nice feet, cherry lips, pretty eyes, and a very pleasant way of expressing herself.
We say the king is wise and good, and his noble queen is getting old, pretty, and not jealous.
We know how much they suffer if we are unkind.
We understand you are just doing it for us, and we will be sure to say so.
That is the beginning of the day we see, but I do not think we will see the end of it. Who goes there?
We are unprepared for this wedding celebration.
If we are  Hello, Monsieur Le Beau.
We are going to have an out-and-out brawl if I stay any longer.
We will get married at some point.
We would find that he was a dangerous plotter.
We will have to think about it carefully.
You are not going to deliver it, are you?
This guy will tell us everything.
We are not getting any younger.
I would obey even if she were my mother ten times over.
We shall, my liege.
We will do what you want us to, my lord.
We will, my lord.
We would have liked to have heard your good advice, which has always been serious and helpful, at the council today.
I would have met you by sea and again by land.
We would profane the other dead souls here if we sang the same requiem for her that we sang for them.
We are not saying anything treasonous, man.
We are talking in a public place.
If we do not obey them, they will suck the life out of us or pinch us black and blue.
We thank your Honor.
Yes, I have great cause to be thankful.
We do not think so, my lord.
We are married, but you two are defeated.
We thought he was a coward, but he fights like a devil.
We took this pickax and this shovel from him, as he was walking from this side of the graveyard.
The two of us together will sing like birds in a cage.
The two of us will guard you while you sleep, my lord, and keep you safe.
We will come with you, your Grace.
We will wait on you, your majesty.
No, we are not. It is night.
There were enough Christians before that many of them could stand to live near each other.
We are to be married on Sunday.
We want answers.
We will be your witnesses.
We will watch the execution.
We will go in together.
Let’s take a walk in the orchard before dinner.
We will be ready when the time comes.
We will hurry.
We will speak again tomorrow.
There will be no lecture.
We will write it in alternating eight- and six-syllable lines, just like in a ballad.
We want to hear Caesar’s will.
We are off to eat and whoop it up at your father’s house.
We will leave you here.
We will be there, and there we will perform courageously and wonderfully, truly obscenely.
We will be there.
We will take care of it.
I will try to persuade him to put on something more appropriate before going to the church.
We cannot continue with this plan.
We will not hold back any of our wisdom.
We will speak about this further.
We will win.
My beautiful queen, we will go up the mountain and listen to the hounds as their barking echoes in the cliffs and sounds like music.
We will, my noble lord.
Of course we will.
We hope you feel better and find some peace.
Before I hear him, I want to decide some important issues that are on my mind concerning my throne and France.
I want all such offenders to be dealt with that way.
We would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us.
That is correct, and then after we fixed the moon, we would go bird-hunting.
We, now at our largest, can only decrease.
We used to sit together and sew one flower on one piece of cloth, sewing it on one piece of cloth, sitting on the same cushion,
In that case, the wise gods deny our prayers for our own good.
We will go forward with you and meet them at Philippi.
We will answer.
We will leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands get back.
Not until we part as friends.
We will chase them into their latrines.
We will bring him to his house with shouts and celebration!
We will burn his body in the holy place and use the brands to set the traitors' houses on fire.
We will burn Brutus’s house.
We will bury him, and then we will commit acts as brave and fine as any Romans, and make death proud to take us.
We will draw straws.
We can all go together.
We will have celebration feasts for each other before we go our separate ways.
We will see them immediately.
We will go together, and before we have spent all the savings of your youth, we will find a way to make a living.
We will have supper in the morning.
Then we will see that tomorrow night.
We will have a couch made up that is softer and more fragrant than the bed of lustful.
We will put a picture of you on a sign, above the words “Come see the tyrant!” I am not going to surrender
We will watch a whole play tomorrow.
Let’s hear what he has to say.
We will listen to him.
We want to hear it, Antony.
We want to hear the will.
We shouldn’t have too big a celebration. We can invite a friend or two.
We will all want our fortune told.
We will take you there.
We will leave, Brutus.
Can we finish our lunch?
We will mutiny.
We will never see each other again.
We are not going to run in our army, Monsieur Monster.
We will outwit them all—that old geezer, Gremio; the suspicious father, Minola; the prim musician lover,
We will revenge his death.
We will watch them starve to death first.
We will see our husbands before they even have a chance to miss us.
We will send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he will say that you are sick today.
You need to learn what ants know well about winter. There is no point in slaving away if there is no hope for profit.
We will begin the ceremony the way we hope it will end.
I will speak to them, and then tonight I will get them all drunk so that the wine seeps out of their old wounds.
We will meet you at sea.
I will teach you to drink hard by the time you leave.
We will have the wedding at the church tomorrow.
Let’s go there.
We will go to the river.
We will go visit Caliban, my slave who always talks to us so rudely.
Lead the way, sir.
We are at your service, my lord.
We have some wisdom to mull over.
You have weapons?
Wear both the ring and my heart, because both are yours.
For eighty-one weeks he will waste away in agony.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
They are crying and moaning over Tybalt’s corpse.
In these less dainty times, you are not breaking the laws of sanctuary to seize him.
Welcome back from Mantua.
You are welcome here.
You are welcome here.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Hello, you idiot.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre!
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Hello Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, sir.
I welcome this wind freely.
Welcome, traveler.
Welcome.
You know, you are right.
Welcome to the open air again.
Gentlemen, I hope you are well.
Agreed.
Good question, my girl.
Go on home.
Is that what you have heard?
Good for you for holding out on me like this.
I know the man well.
Have a good life.
Well, good luck!
It is good we had this meeting.
Good to see you Corporal Nym.
Good afternoon, gentleman.
A nice coincidence, my lord.
Good to see you, Master Antipholus.
That is good, Lion!
Very clever!
Pray well, father.
Good roaring, Lion!
Good running, Thisbe!
You said it right, old mole.
That is well spoken.
There we go!
Good shining, Moon! The Moon shines very well.
Well done!
All right, confess and live.
So you will go to hell?
Well then, I know who you are.
Well, if I have ever thanked a man, I will thank you now.
Now it looks like you need my help.
All right, legitimate brother Edgar, I have to have your lands.
Please do this, noble Catesby: sound out Lord Hastings, but make it seem as if you are just mulling over the idea,
Did you think about what I said?
Well, then, help me.
Well, then be brave and pretend to be a man.
Well, the peace you pleaded for so eloquently just now lies in his answer.
It must have been Signior Benedick.
Good idea.
Good thinking.
They are well.
If only you were, sir.
You will discover that his youthful follies were like the persona that  Well, you are wrong, my Lord High Constable.
Well, let’s go on.
Well then, do not bother.
Well, it does not matter.
I am well, and probably will be for a while, as I hear that four feasts are being prepared.
Time will tell.
Well, what do you guess?
Well, I will turn pimp and do some occasional pickpocketing.
Look who is here!
Well, Brutus, you are noble.
Well, let me get back to my choice.
Well, but what time is it?
But as for now, before two weeks have gone by, I will send some people packing.
Please come again tomorrow.
Ah, my Kate.
When I send for you, come out wearing masks.
Be quick about it.
Well, do whatever you think best.
Well, good bye, my lord.
Thank God for your good looks, sir, thank God and do not boast about it.
Well, onward, then.
As you know, next Sunday my daughter Katherina is to be married.
Well, you can go now.
Well, girl, you are weeping not for his death as much as for the fact that the villain who killed him is still alive.
Well, go on your way, then.
Well, go along now.
All right, I will.
All right then.
Well, we all have special gifts.
Fine, thank you.
Well, good night.
Well, good luck to them tonight in bed.
Oh well, God is in charge, and some people have to go to heaven, while other people have to go to hell.
At least I have some booze to comfort me.
Indeed, honor is what I want to talk to you about.
Well, I am glad that everything has been sorted out.
Well, I am not beautiful, so I hope that I can at least be chaste.
I am sorry for your niece.
Well, it is not for me to say.
All right, I understand.
Well, I am nearly finished.
Well, I cannot tell how my difficult life has weathered my face, but I will never let those difficulties subdue my courage.
Well, I disagree.
I will commit the sin of double-dealing, and deal you a second coin.
I will go get Beatrice for you, who can walk here by herself. She has legs.
I will do it even if I find you in the company of the king himself.
If  Well, I will just forget the difficulties of my situation, in order to focus on the happiness of yours.
Well, I will hurry and put these papers where you told me.
I will get married one day, just to see.
Well, I will go to Scone.
Well then, I will do it.
Well, I wish you liked me.
Well, I will get my revenge.
Well, I am going to break in.
The Duke will drink under this tree. He has been looking for you all day, you know.
Well, I will hide the body in some hole until the duke gives orders for his burial.
If you could have just an inch of better fortune than me, where would you like the improvement?
Well, you are not on target there.
Anyway, Jessica, go inside.
God is responsible for that, not me, and he deserves thanks.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with you tonight.
If you hang around me for two more years, you will forget the sound of your own voice.
We have to give up and let him go.
Come here!
Let it strike ten times.
Well, it does not matter anymore.
Well, enough about them, Catesby.
Let’s get out of here and tell Macbeth what we did accomplish.
Get information from her.
He is fine and healthy, madam.
Well gentlemen, we have heard our assignment.
I hope things go well there.
Well, we will speak more soon.
Very well, my supreme lord. That is what I have to call you now.
Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
My lord, I informed them as much.
I will, my lord.
Got it, sir.
I will.
Well, old man, I will tell you news of your son.
May peace be with you.
Well, anyway, goodbye.
Well, Petruchio, all this is very encouraging.
Well, praise the Lord, you are ugly.
Just say it.
I am listening to you only because I have nothing better to do.
Well, sir, go inside.
Well sir, good night.
Well, thank you.
All right, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I will take you to Lear and have you stay with him for a while.
Well, sir, the gown is not for me.
Well, learn to make jokes at the appropriate time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
Well, it will be dry.
Well, we will stop, then.
I am sorry, you were saying?
Very good, sir.
Well then.
Let’s sit down and listen to Barnardo tell us.
Well, okay. I swear to God, both their stories match.
Susan died and is with God.
Please tell us, Syracusian, why you left your hometown and came to Ephesus.
You promised to tell me.
That is what the wife brings to the marriage.
Well, we have missed the beginning; it is dead and buried.
Then I will see you again.
Well, that is how it is.
Start thinking about marriage now.
Well, do your best.
Well, you have given me great comfort.
It is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal.
Let’s move on to our work with the living.
Well, we will see how you act.
Welcome, my good friends.
Well, we were all born to die.
All right, we will see you at dinnertime.
Let’s watch it.
Well, well, let’s go.
Well, then, put your sword away.
Well, you have a careful father, child.
We have got it now. Do you see this, my good fellow?
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
What is your plan?
Well, what was your dream?
Well, give me the worst news.
Listen to you, instructing me like a parrot would.
You are in trouble either way.
You are supposed to visit all the bars and tell anyone who is drunk to go home and go to bed.
Well, you have made a foolish choice.
You may be exaggerating the risks.
Just wait.
Well, your imprisonment will not last long.
All right, we will have a prologue then.
Very well.
All right, then.
All right.
Good. Now come, Ariel!
Was that him just now?
They are certainly a peaceful couple.
Did you go to her for a purse full of ducats?
If I let myself do what I yearn to, I would rip the flesh off your bones.
If I saw twenty of the greatest powers that pay tribute to Caesar taking such liberties with her hand, what is her name now?
This would be too cold a place to sleep if he hadn’t warmed himself with ale.
If I were your average fool, or if I made my feelings for you worthless by making the same promises of friendship to everybody, or if you
If I were in England now, like I was once, and I had a painted picture of this fish, every fool there would give me a
If I were my father, cousin, would I do this?
Is that a good idea?
Wouldn’t it be better for me to dress myself as a man?
There have never been orphans who have suffered what we have.
My doors were locked and I was shut out.
Excuse me, were you with Countess Olivia just now?
Were these things we are talking about really here?
If the world were mine, I would give it all up—everything except Demetrius—to be you.
If it weren’t for the fact that so many of our soldiers revolted and joined them, we could have met them in front of
If we were in front of our armies, about to fight, I would do this.
Weren’t we both born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, I would hug you now and cry, and say, “Welcome back, Viola!” My father
Were you here when it started?
Did they make you the messenger?
If you got what you deserved, you would learn some respect.
If you were as young as I am, if you were in love with Juliet, if you had just married her an hour ago, if you
Were you banished on pain of death?
If you weren’t my brother, I would leave this hand of mine on your neck until I had pulled out your tongue.
What is “passion”?
Ouch, what a comeback!
What a stupid man he has become.
What a shameless jerk you are to pretend you do not know me.
You are making a terrible racket out here.
What a fearful night this is.
What kind of loyalty is this?
What kind of life do you lead that your poor friends must beg for your company?
What a long night this is!
What kind of man are you?
What a storm!
What an annoying man this man is.
What an idiot this guy is! You are a rotten piece of work!
What is wrong with my niece?
What a strange sight, a man who has put on all his fancy clothes but forgotten his brain at home.
What a heavy sigh!
How strange that they all got so sleepy!
What an idiot I was to think this drunkard was a god and to worship such a stupid fool.
What a miserable and obstinate fellow this king of England is, to blunder with his fat-headed followers so far beyond his capacity.
Who is this Adam you speak of?
It is like an invitation.
Said what, sir?
What does he say?
Who are these men?
Who are the actors?
Please tell me.
What income does it bring in?
If we lose, what do you plan to do?
Who are you?
What is your message?
What about you?
Who are you?
Who are you, moaning in the hut like that?
Who do you think you are, keeping me out of my own house?
Who are you, slave?
But who are you?
Who is so low that he would not?
What kind of beard should I wear for the part?
If you weren’t a man, then what kind of animal were you when you first told me you wanted to do this?
What wicked magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt this sacred burial rite?
Who is this bloody man?
What do you mean by "carriages"?
How can we avoid what the gods want to happen?
I know all of this.
What is there left to do?
What can you swear by now?
What other rites are you going to give her?
How are you, my love? Come with us.
Hurry!
How does she claim to own you?
What color, madam?
What hour of comfort have I ever had in your company?
What have you done?
Who are all these people?
What is her skin like?
What is this news about?
What victory does he bring home?
Be a Conrade!
What do you mean I faked you out?
What country is this, friends?
Where are you from?
Who is ruining my rituals of true love?
Tell her, listen to me, on Wednesday. What day is today?
What kind of devil are you to torture me like this?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did your song mean to you?
What role did you play?
What did you mean by giving me this handkerchief?
What did you like?
What am I afraid of?
What have you got on your head?
What are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king?
What is the play called?
What are you doing here alone?
What do you want?
Why are you going crazy over these trashy clothes?
What do you mean, my lord?
What do you think you are doing?
What do you mean by all this?
What are you talking about?
What do you think I have on my head?
What do you think of marching to Philippi immediately?
Sir, what is your opinion of me?
What do you believe?
What does he say about Brutus?
What is the tyrant Macbeth doing?
What does that mean, sir?
You bastards!
Who am I then?
What are you talking about?
What are you thinking?
What is your profession?
What do you say?
What did you say?
What are you thinking?
What are you doing, wearing your best clothes?
I hereby grant your request, and hope you have a good time.
What is she saying, my lord?
What do you get to drink, instead of sweet obedience, but poisonous flattery?
Who greets me so early in the morning?
What symptoms are you experiencing?
What else did you hear?
What else?
What endeavor, Popillius?
What is making our eyes and ears act so strangely?
Only you would look for a fight like that.
What features are there?
What is logical, my lord?
Who is this fool?
What evil things were done to us that we were driven here?
What friend?
What can you see out on the ocean?
What further pain must I endure in my old age?
What gentleman?
What good does heaven have in store that can do me any good?
Do not worry about the consequences.
What did he do that made him flee this land?
What did he do to you?
What handkerchief?
What is that music?
What were you before this?
What have you found out?
What business is it of yours?
What did he say?
The same liquor that quenched their thirst has fired me up.
What did I keep for myself?
What do you mean by that?
What have you two sisters done?
What crimes have you committed to be sent to this prison?
The noble Macbeth has lost what the noble Macbeth has won.
I have written to my sister telling her everything he has said.
Heaven knows what he is going to do with it.
What heir of the York family is there other than myself?
Hello, Horatio!
Hey out there!
What horrible thing are you imagining?
What time is it?
Who I am and what I want are a secret.
I will do what I can, more than I would do for myself.
I would deny whatever evidence you had against me, even if it were in my own handwriting.
I do not know what to think about this.
What if a fellow were bringing him a couple hundred pounds to toss around?
What if I had said I saw him do something to hurt you?
What if I went no further and chose this one?
What will you do if it returns to you?
What if I had a rat in my house, and I felt like paying ten thousand dollars to have it exterminated?
What if this mixture does not work at all?
What miracle will he work next?
What makes you say that?
What infinite peace do king’s give up that private men enjoy?
What time is it?
What could you possibly ask for?
What are you saying?
What are you doing?
What do you mean?
What do you want?
What is it, sir?
What did he tell you, Ophelia?
What is it?
What time is it?
Good night, ladies, good night, sweet ladies, good night, good night.
What is a traitor?
What is wrong?
What is going on between you two?
What is fated to happen must happen.
Who is that at the gate?
Who is this fool who wants all the fuss of marriage?
Who wants to buy the flock and the pasture?
Who are you talking about, niece?
What does he look like?
Who is her mother?
What does this say?
What is his name?
What is his name?
How large is his land army?
What else is love?
What is she doing now?
What do you want to tell me?
What did you say?
What would you like to see?
What is the news, my friends?
What is that?
What is my name?
What did I do wrong?
What is Pyramus?
I do not mean that she wants me because  What is she interested in?
Who is that?
What is that noise?
What kind of scheme do you have going together?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter?
What is the matter, husband?
What is the matter, lady?
What is the matter here, gentlemen?
What is the subject?
What is going on here?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is going on?
What was the philosopher Pythagoras’s belief about wild birds?
What is the reason for this horrible shouting?
Who is winning?
What time is it?
What is the name of the castle that stands over there?
What is this song?
What is this spirit that looks like the son of a king and wears a crown on his young head?
What is this?
Who is Thisbe?
What is your name, young man?
What is your name?
My name is Macbeth.
What is your news?
Why are you adored?
What is your wish with regard to her?
What can I say to him?
Who is that gentleman?
What are you fighting about?
What is your name?
I am still fairly high-ranking.
What can I do for you, madam?
What can I do for you?
What news do you bring?
What do you want me to do with this?
You sent for me, sir?
Do you need something?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What is my nation?
My dear Caius, I will explain the task at hand to you as we walk toward the man we must do it to.
I cannot imagine what has made him so unlike himself other than his father’s death.
Why should I be afraid of your judgment when I have not done anything wrong?
What kind of god is ceremony, which suffers more than its worshippers do?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of woman is she?
Where is the jury, the judge, the lawful proceedings, and the verdict?
Is the Prince’s punishment any less awful than doomsday?
How will that kill this marriage?
What are the chances of him getting better?
What love could make my Lysander leave me?
Why are you so far from home?
What brings him here?
Why are you frowning like that?
There was no problem.
Are you a Montague?
What do you mean, "in a strange way"?
Who is that?
What man is that?
What man were you talking to at your window last night, between the hours of midnight and one?
What does a crocodile look like?
I mean, what sort of man is he?
Just a man, like any other.
He who chooses me will get what many men want.
Well, then what are you messing up?
Which music plays, what music?
What is your name?
She could even do what?
What are you doing, Caesar?
What is the matter with you, madam?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What do you mean by that?
What did you mean by not helping me?
What do you mean by that?
What is that bloody knife?
What is the joke?
What is she trying to say?
Why are they shouting?
What do you mean by highness?
My lord, what are you talking about?
The things men do daily, not knowing what they are doing.
What men have you lost?
The things men are allowed to do.
What mercy can you show him, Antonio?
Is something about to happen that warrants working this night and day?
What could my sister’s letter to him say?
No, I had to do something.
What else could you possibly think of me?
What crimes happen so early in the morning that I have to wake up before the usual time?
What mistress do you have?
What money, sir?
What must be will be.
What name is she?
Why do you need even one?
That is like building a bridge wider than the river it crosses.
Why do you need twenty-five knights, or ten, or even five when you are staying in a house with a staff of double that?
Why do you go around in circles when you could get to the point?
Why did you have to stick it in your pocket in such a hurry?
How can you top that?
Why do you keep repeating that, woman?
What is the news abroad?
What is the news among the merchants?
Any news from Genoa?
What have you heard from her?
Is there more news?
What can I do for you, sir?
What is going on, Borachio?
What happened, sir?
What news can you tell me in this fast-moving, unsteady state of affairs?
What was it?
What is up?
What news?
What news do you bring?
What is the news?
What news do you have?
What havoc have you wreaked in this part of the forest?
What is all the noise in here?
God bless you.
What is that noise?
What is this noise?
What is that noise?
What is that sound?
What is all that shouting about?
Whatever we do, we can lay the blame on the drunken servants.
What is happening now, Lucillius?
What about it?
What time should I send a messenger to you?
But so what?
What about that?
So what?
Why, what have you done, sweet Beatrice?
What bond do we need other than that of discreet Romans who have said what they are going to do and won’t back down?
What is that paper you were reading?
What is this passion that ties up my tongue?
Which troupe is it?
What a poor instrument, that can do such a noble deed!
What prisoners of rank have been taken?
I do not know what private grudges they had that made them do it.
What kind of crude jerk are you?
What did I promise, my dear?
What will be my evidence?
What garment would your Honor like to wear today?
What power can rein in promiscuous evil once it has gotten rolling?
What performances have been prepared?
Which ring did you give away, my lord?
What did he say when he regained consciousness?
What did he say?
What did my man say?
What did Northumberland say about Richmond?
What satisfaction could you possibly have tonight?
What do the priests say?
What do you want to say, sir?
What about Falconbridge, that young English baron?
What do you say to a calf’s foot?
What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard?
What do you think, Bottom?
What do you have to say for yourself, Hermia?
What did you say, uncle?
What did you say to me?
What do you say?
Lose nothing?
What do you say, my fair? I do not know.
What do you have to say, noble friend?
What do you say?
What is it?
What is that?
What does he say about our marriage?
What does Lord Stanley say?
What is it, my lord?
What does she want?
What does Romeo say?
What did that gentile fool say to you?
What does the golden box say?
What does the silver one say?
What does the lead box say?
What do you say, your Highness, about my just request?
What do you have to say to me?
What do you have to say to me now?
What do you have to say, my dear Nurse?
What are you saying?
I had no idea she was cheating on me.
What are you thinking about?
What work can you do?
What should we do for fun instead?
Why should we do this?
What should I call you when you are a man?
What shall I do for you?
What shall I do?
What do you have to tell me?
What can I say?
What should I swear by?
Why not?
What are we going to do, Enobarbus?
What do you think will be the result of this storm?
What could you possibly ask of me that I would not give you, as long as it did not damage my honor and self-respect?
What can you do but be happy?
Who are you talking about?
What should I pay you?
What should I do that I am not doing?
What would I do with him?
What should I do?
What can I tell you?
What could I say, my dear?
What should I say?
Why should I stay in this vile world?
What is the obvious conclusion from that?
What is the problem, that they cry out so loud?
Why should people like me be crawling around between earth and heaven?
What do you think that means?
What should we do with all these rhyming fools that follow us from post to post?
What does this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What things, my lord?
What foolish thief brags about his crimes?
What soldiers, fool?
What soldiers, milk-face?
Which speech, my lord?
How tall is she?
What support did I have other than Edward?
What support did we have besides our father?
How much does he owe the Jew?
Why are you talking about robbery?
My lord, why are you so excessively sad?
And then?
What then?
What are these things we are looking at, my lord Antonio?
What do you think of his neighbor, the Scottish lord?
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
What do you think of this plan?
What do you think about it?
What about Stanley?
What do you think, will my friends prove loyal?
What do you think?
What do you think of his belief?
Whatever you see first when you wake up, consider it as your true love.
What you wanted is yours.
When I tried to question them further, they vanished into thin air.
Why do you care that he loves Hermia?
Why does it matter that I am not as lucky or lovable as you are and that the love I feel is unrequited?
What if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink make a man do?
Is there any news about my husband?
What is the message from the English king?
Whatever pertains to myself, I will deal with it.
What trade, boy?
What traitor hears me and does not say amen?
What Tranio did, he did at my command.
What is the treasure, uncle?
What foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his chariot wheels?
What is that trumpet for?
What is that trumpet?
Which two crowns would those be?
What strange reason could she have for coming here?
Who among us stabbed him for any cause but justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains did this to you?
What are these warlike noises?
Why did Cassius conspire against Caesar?
Who were you chasing with your sword?
Was he sad or happy?
What was it that you told me today that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick?
What kept you from telling him this?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise for?
What are you accused of?
What was your dream?
What worries have kept you awake tonight?
What we do we have been commanded to do.
What did he say the symptoms were?
What should I say to her?
What were those things?
What would the King of Naples do if he heard you say that?
What evil and deceitful mirror made me think I could rival Hermia’s starry eyes?
What can possibly fix this situation?
Whatever else happens tonight, I hope the king escapes safely.
What do you think I should do?
What will this do?
What are you going to do with it?
What do you think you are doing?
What are you going to do?
What would you give me for the handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What are you going to do for her?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to tell her, Nurse?
It is someone with a torch.
On what grounds?
What woman’s servant?
What is the name of this forest behind us?
What kind of work is this, Charmian?
What can I give you that you want, my lord, except the one thing you cannot have?
What can I do for my lord?
How can I help you, sir?
What does my powerful master wish for?
What is it?
What would you like?
What would you say to me now if I really were your precious little Rosalind?
What do you want with her, sir?
What do you want from me, my good man?
What do you want to do, Desdemona?
What do you want?
What are you doing, old man?
What do you want from me?
What are you going to do now?
What do you want from me?
If you had to say something nice about me, what would you say?
What do you want, fellow?
What do you want?
No, it heals gradually.
How old is she?
I have done everything you accuse me of, and more, much more.
I will think over what you have said, I will listen patiently to whatever else you have to say, and I will find a good time for
What you just said may perhaps be true.
You know what you know.
I will wait for you in your cave, where you can tell me what you need from me.
I am beginning to understand what you want me to do.
What are we having?
What, I am a prisoner?
What, all my children and their mother are dead in one fell swoop?
What, everybody falls asleep so fast?
You are defending an impostor?
Yes, my lord.
Do you mean what you are saying, Gratiano?
Tell me, are you and Ensign Pistol friends again?
Did the brothers-in-law leave?
What, there will be a masquerade?
What do you mean, kid actors?
What, did you cheat on us before we deserved it?
Do you have your answer yet?
What, are you busy?
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Are you insane, talking like this?
Are you crazy?
What, are you crazy?
What, are you crazy?
What are you afraid of?
Are you ashamed of me?
Ah, you are here?
What?
What, are you hurt?
Are you dreaming or awake?
He pretended that everything was fine until the moment they were exchanging vows, and then—with public accusation, blatant slander, and pure hatred—
What, even you, Brutus?
Hunting what, Curio?
What, are you dead?
Did you say Caesar fainted?
Did he marry me just to starve me?
Did they ever whisper?
Hang out? Who do you think we are, musicians in a band?
What, you ignore my kind advice and try to please the devil I am warning you about?
What?
What would I do besides good?
Is he scared of a gun that only fired a blank?
What, from myself?
What do you think, girl?
Are you headed to the Tower?
Hey, Grumio!
Have his daughters made him crazy like this? Couldn’t you have kept something for yourself?
Tell us, did you see that thing again tonight?
Have you had lunch yet?
What have you forgotten me?
Are you crazy?
Have you written that letter to my sister yet?
Hey, Brabantio!
Help!
Hey!
What?
What, like stuff from a house?
What is that?
There is still a chance.
Who, me, my lord?
What, out in a storm in the middle of the night?
What, in my presence?
What, in our own house?
What, here in the middle of the street?
Is Antonio here?
You are sick, yet you sneak out of your warm bed and let the humid and disease-infested air make you sick.
Is he angry?
Is he dead?
What is he dead?
Is the visor of my helmet working better now?
What is the man insane?
I mean, is the jay more precious than the lark because his feather is more beautiful?
How dare he do that? What is the man crazy?
Is there such a place?
Is this true?
What are you jealous of, Oberon?
You have kept away from me for a week?
Come on!
Lucius!
What are you talking about, man?
Keep up your courage, man.
There are many ways to get on the general’s good side again.
What news, man?
What are you reading, teacher?
What would you like me to do at Salisbury?
Hey, mistress!
Why should I now have to make do with only twenty-five?
What, I have to hold a candle up so people can see what I am doing?
What, we are going to die?
Look, it is my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my good lord?
What, my dear lord?
Can’t what, my lord?
What, my lord?
My honorable, reverend master?
With no more ceremony than that?
What, that is all?
What, you are not a whore?
What, you do not say a word?
What is not a word?
Not even one success?
What, not even to pray?
Hey, Nurse!
What is it, Octavia?
What, am I being denied death?
Pindarus!
Get up, man!
What, does your wife say you can come home?
Am I to be dictated to, like a child?
Will you be here when I return?
You mean I should groan and tell you?
What, should I stab him while he sleeps?
Should we now dirty our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the offices that we hold for whatever money we can get our hands on?
What will we say is our excuse for being here?
Should we head to the Tower?
What, are you moaning about your toothache?
You are not asleep yet.
That is it?
Why are you still crying?
What is the necklace?
What, do you think we are Turks or savages, instead of Christians?
You mean an officer?
What, are you sleepy?
What, you?
What, just because they kissed in private?
What is faithful to being mean and nasty?
Carved it up and down like an apple tart?
What, was I married to her in a dream?
We have many good days to look forward to!
Even  What, were you all snarling before I arrived, ready to catch each other by the throat like dogs?
Cheer up!
What?
Will my daughter be a good musician?
What, is not my mother coming?
What, you want them to weep our horses' blood?
Jailer, I am your prisoner.
You mean you do not even want to hear my side?
Listen, will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at the inn?
What, are you going to mock me to my face when I told you not to?
Would you like to hear some music, my sweet love?
Are you trying to wash him out of his grave with tears?
What, you are leaving it with Lysander?
You are leaving with my tongue in your tail?
With my eye sockets?
Are you going to start eating worms and flies?
What, does the news only get worse?
What are you trying to do?
What would you do if a snake bite you twice?
What, would you have me beg for my food?
What, you look amused.
What do you mean my face looks like a crabapple?
What do you say?
What?
That whore?
Tell me what a drunk is like, fool.
What is Antony?
What has been done is done.
What else can I say?
Who is the one who is going out the door right now?
Who is the spokesman for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
You will be afraid to hear it.
Who wishes that?
Who was that?
Who is that?
What is her name?
What is this?
Why did he do that?
What did he do to you?
Who is she?
What is that good for?
What is the difference?
And that would be—?
What is that, my lord?
What fate is that?
What?
What is the name of the boy?
What disease is he talking about?
What is going on here?
What in the world made you risk your reputation and become a street brawler?
What is the matter with you now?
What is the matter, dear?
What is the matter, lieutenant?
What do you think he wants?
What is the matter?
What is this all about?
What is going on?
What is new with you?
What is the news?
What is the problem?
What is the bet?
What is this part for?
What does that have to do with my Lysander?
What is this?
What do you call this?
What is your name?
What is wrong with you?
What do you wish?
What are you going to do?
What should we do?
What is there to say?
What does your grace want?
What do you want?
What can I do for your highness?
What is your name, friend?
What is your name?
What would you like, sir?
How can I help you?
What would you like me to do?
What do you want?
Whatever you are, thanks for your advice.
Whatever happens to me, this is a soldier’s kiss.
When his god falls asleep, the monster will snatch his wine bottle.
Lord, when she was a little baby, there was one nobleman in the city, a man named Paris, who would be happy to claim
When a wise man gives you better advice than I just did, give me your advice back.
When the vision passes, you will see that you are just looking at a stool.
I will tell you more later about when and where we met, how we fell in love, and how we exchanged promises.
When are you getting married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets in the sky.
When you were not at home, the Senate sent out three different search parties to find you.
It is obvious:  Here comes Biondello.
When Caesar was alive, even he would not dare anger me like this.
When Caesar says “do this,” it is done.
How did you get this letter?
When will there be another like him?
Until now, no one could say that only one man mattered in all of Rome.
When devils are about to commit their biggest sins they put on their most heavenly faces, just like I am doing now.
When has anyone ever put you down like that?
When did she send you?
Have you ever slept before while such a terrible deed was done?
When only one or two men have all the manners, and even they are dirty, things are bad.
When did I ever do you any harm?
When he regained consciousness, he said that if he had done anything wrong, he wanted them to know that it was all because of his sickness.
At his best he is a little less than a man, and at his worst he is little more than an animal.
When he leaves, it is very important that I talk to you.
When he comes back from hunting, I will not speak to him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When devoutly religious men are praying, it is difficult to draw them out of it, because they get lost in the wonder of their contemplation.
When we are alone, you can call me “Tranio.” Everywhere else, address me as your master Lucentio.
When I have revealed my true identity, you will be glad you took the time to help me out.
They were nearly killing each other, as you saw when you pulled them apart.
When I reach the place he is calling from, he disappears.
When I asked the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall if I could take pity on the king and shelter him from the storm, they took my house away
When I freed you from slavery, did you swear to do this when I asked you?
Whenever I mention him, praise him more than any man deserves.
When I have plucked this rose, I cannot make it grow again; it will have no choice but to die.
When I meet this gentleman, I will tell him what you have said.
When I like the way you look, God forbid your face be as ugly as your mask.
When I was putting on the Ceres show, I thought of reminding you about Caliban, but I was afraid of upsetting you.
When I said that, I was angry.
Whatever I think, I have to say.
But my dear, when I said I was worth nothing, I was actually bragging. I should have said that I was worse than nothing.
When I was still living with him, I heard him swear to Tubal and Cush, his countrymen, that he would rather have Antonio
I mean when I wore it at your daughter’s wedding.
At that exact moment, Titania woke up and immediately fell in love with him.
When should the royal day be?
When you find out who started this disagreement, turn your anger upon them.
Only if the hearer is a fool or a coward.
Call me when it is lit.
I will tear it up when it is paid.
When it is paid, bring your friend back.
When Jacob took care of his uncle Laban’s sheep, Jacob was the heir to his grandfather Abraham’s birthright.
The last time I was in Exeter, the mayor kindly showed me the castle there and called it “ My lord!
I swear on my life that I will not tell your secret.
When Nature makes a person beautiful, can’t Fortune make her fall into a fire, thereby making her ugly?
Even if you are not a traitor, you are going to look like one if you run away.
You should kill Prospero.
When Roscius was an actor in ancient Rome, the actors have arrived.
When was the last time you saw my father?
When should he come?
When will we get to the top of that cliff?
When should the three of us meet again?
When did I say all that?
When the poor cried, Caesar cried too.
When he loses that, he will be drinking salt water, since I will never tell him where the freshwater springs are.
When the barrel is empty, we will drink water.
When your mind is at peace, your body is sensitive to the elements.
While the moon was shining, we did not even notice the candle.
At other times, I know what is what.
When all these extraordinary things happen at once, we shouldn’t say, "These happenings can be explained rationally."
Only when they are dead can I begin to count my gains.
When they are endangered, I save them.
When they choose, they only know how to lose.
When they see the face of Caesar, they will vanish.
The men there will not give a penny to a lame beggar, but they will pay ten cents to look at a freak show exhibit.
Come, come, let’s remember why we are here.
That is the best way to win the Moor back.
When this wood burns, it will weep for making you tired.
When you ask for my blessing, I will get down on my knees and ask you to forgive me.
Even though you were brought up as a gentleman, you patiently tolerated more hardships than savages could withstand.
Young man, when you wake up, if she is nearby, beg her to cure your lovesickness.
When the time comes, tell the herald to blow the trumpet and I will return.
When courage consumes reason, it destroys its only weapon.
When was the last time you saw her sleepwalking?
When we are born, we cry because we have arrived on the stage of life, like all the other fools.
Once I have put my rackets to these balls, I will play a set in France, God willing, that will knock his father's crown
When we see that our betters have the same problems we do, we can almost forget our own misery.
When we meet on Judgment Day, that look of yours will send me to hell, where devils will grab me.
When was there ever an age, since the beginning of time, that did not feature more than one famous man?
When did you become so fond of singing?
Why are you treating my sister like this?
When will he be here?
When you are gentle, you will have one, too, and not till then.
When you have said your lines, go hide in that bush. Everyone else, go there too when you are not onstage.
When you have to steal your own wives, I will wait for you just as long.
When you begged to stay, that was the time for words.
When you see leeks in the future, I hope you keep mocking them.
When was there ever before so great a loss on one side and so little on the other?
When?
Where are you from?
Where do you come from, sir?
Where do you come from?
Where is that knocking coming from?
Where am I?
Where is America and the West Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the evil men who started this fight?
Where are my good fellows?
Where are they?
Your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where are you, Death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, Demetrius, you arrogant bastard?
Stop arguing and listen to my plans.
Where are these murderers?
Where are those bastards?
Your brothers?
Where are your tenants and followers?
What was I saying?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where did she die?
Where do I live?
Where do you live?
Where are you hiding?
Where do you live, pretty young man?
Where is Cesario going?
Why do you look like a frightened goose?
Where did he get wine?
Where have you been, my bravery?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have you been, boy?
Where have you been hiding?
Where did you hear this?
Wherever he goes, he inspires compassion and people turn against us.
In my travels, great scholars have come up to me, meaning to greet me with well-rehearsed welcoming speeches, and I have
Holy Father Lawrence instructed me to fall on my knees and beg your forgiveness.
Where is Antony?
Where is Duncan’s body?
Where are the noble Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
But where is he?
Where is Antony now?
Where do you think he is now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is this man?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy, the herald?
Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is lady Portia?
Where is Gloucester?
Where is my lord, the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my husband?
Where is my love?
Where is my lovely bride?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our entertainment director?
Where is she now? What will my hands be like?
Where is she?
Where is that woman, Tranio, who defied me in such a disgraceful manner?
Where is that snake?
Where is this so-called king?
Where is the evidence against me?
Where is that messenger?
Where is the fool I sent on ahead?
Where is the gold I gave you?
Can any horse retrace his footsteps with the same energy he had when he walked them the first time?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of English dead?
Where is that moron of a cook?
Where are the thousand?
Where is the villain, Edmund?
Where is that poor rash man?
What do I see here?
I was right, because where is your husband now?
Where is your lute?
Where are your leather apron and ruler?
Where is your sparkle now?
Where is your master, Dromio?
Where is your army, then to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is your servant?
Where are your sister and Hortensio’s wife?
Whatever seems best to you.
Where did you learn that song, Fool?
Where did we leave off?
Where is he now?
Where is the passage of holy scripture that you are basing your sermon on?
Where does he sleep?
Where should we stable our horses?
Where is he staying?
Where are you running so fast?
So, where should we eat?
Where should we go?
Where will we meet in the morning?
Where could I have lost that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where would Othello go?
Where else would she be?
Where else should his eyes be, if not in his head?
In the place where souls recline on beds of flowers, we will walk hand in hand and amaze the other ghosts with our spirited demeanor.
How does he know our language?
Where can Romeo be?
Where should we meet?
When they feared death, they escaped with their lives; and now where they imagine they are safe, they perish.
I have noticed that they always like to settle and mate where the air is the nicest.
When a woman is virtuous, talents like these just make her better.
Where was she born?
Wherever we go, men will smile at us while hiding daggers.
The wind blew down through the chimneys where we were sleeping.
Where will the old duke live?
Where are you taking me?
I will be able to see better from that pine tree over there.
Where, sir?
Where is his body, Messala?
Where, where?
Where?
Where is Antonio?
Where is Antony?
Where is Dolabella?
Where is Monsieur Cobweb?
Where is Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where is my cousin Toby?
Where is my fool?
Where is my fool? Go call my fool and have him come here.
Where is my son Edmund?
Where is Peaseblossom?
Where is Potpan?
Where is Publius?
Where is Romeo?
What proof is there?
Where is Seleucus?
Where is that dog?
Where is the cook?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master?
Where is the Queen?
Where is your conscience now?
Coward!
Where is your father?
He was very upset that Fortinbras had taken advantage of his being old and sick to deceive him, and he ordered Fortinbras
What is the problem?
Why do you hide these things?
Who are you?
Why did they not kill us that night?
What did you do that for?
Why are you here?
Why do you keep these talents behind a curtain?
What are you doing with a sword?
Why are you doing this?
Why would you celebrate it?
Why have you collapsed?
Why does he talk like that to a girl he cannot stand?
Why are you acting so angry?
Why do you look like that?
Why have you come here in such a manner?
Why Dover?
Why Dover?
What was that cry for?
Why should I cry?
Why are you crying?
Whoa, man, do you dare support someone who has been proclaimed a traitor?
Why, sweetheart?
Why not?
A reason?
Why?
What is that noise?
What has Caesar done to deserve your love?
Any peace-lover can do.
Where we buried you, has opened up its heavy marble jaws to spit you out again.
Where did he go?
How have I offended you, my friends?
In return, please do one thing for me: leave me alone for a little while.
Fortinbras swore never to threaten Denmark again.
I do not know whether he fought on Norway’s side, or if he secretly aided the rebels.
I will not bet on whether or not any of this is real.
Which ones are the malefactors?
Do not let us talk you into anything, but consider carefully the value of our offers.
Dreams are a sign of ambition, since ambition is nothing more than the shadow of a dream.
However, this is an extreme situation, and it is more important to control it than to worry about how you will look.
Which he will shove down our throats the way pigeons feed their young.
Which is either a fool or a nothing?
In his greatest need, even they will desert him.
Which one of you killed the deer?
Tell me one.
Which one is Sebastian?
Who is that?
Which is the lady I am supposed to marry?
Which one of them did it?
Which one of them should I pick?
Which one is it?
Which of these bad things happened to him?
Which of you does not tremble when you see me?
Which of you two ate lunch with me today?
If either of you were a prince’s son, and you were imprisoned as I am now, and two murderers like yourselves came to you
She will purchase that peace with an everlasting war.
Which he quickly allowed, given that you are an obstacle to his lust.
Daughters who can make you obey them.
Where are you coming from?
The man who killed Mercutio, which way did he go?
I have to admit that when I saw his suicide during rehearsal, I had tears in my eyes, but they were tears of laughter.
If I do not do all this, never trust me again.
While he was still in Rome, he deployed his forces in so many different disguises that all our spies were fooled.
It would take someone to count slowly to a hundred.
While the armed hand fights in foreign lands, the wise head defends itself at home.
Until then, God be with you.
While we are talking here, a royal battle could be won and lost.
As we were trading blows, more and more people showed up to join the fight, until the Prince came and broke everyone up.
I am going now.
While we were guarding you as you slept, we heard a loud roar that sounded like bulls, or lions.
While he was alive, I lived only to serve him and oppose his enemies.
While you were dazed by grief, which is not appropriate for a man like you, Cassio showed up.
Whip him, fellows, until he screws up his face like a baby and cries for mercy.
Whip him!
They ought to be whipped for being so stupid.
Whip me, you devils, so I do not have to look at this heavenly sight.
Whisper to her that Ursula and I are walking in the orchard and that we are talking about her.
Lily-livered coward, what is he doing there?
Where am I going?
Where did they disappear to?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you all going?
Where are you going?
Indeed, before you arrived here, old Siward, with ten thousand soldiers already prepared for battle, was making his way here.
Where is he going?
Where should I go?
Where are they supposed to come?
Where are you going?
Where do you want me to go to respond to these charges?
Go where?—Cesario, my husband, stay here.
Where?
The person who suffers alone suffers the most.
Who am I, sir?
Who does time amble for?
Who are the new commissioners?
Who said that?
Who are you?
Who took my letter to Romeo?
Who asked you to call her?
Who delivered it?
Who brought it out here?
Anyone who builds his hopes on air lives like a drunken sailor hanging on a mast, ready to tumble to the bottom of the sea.
Who is that calling so loud?
Who is calling?
Who is calling me?
Who is shouting?
Who can prosecute me for it?
Is it possible to be wise, bewildered, calm, loyal, and neutral at once?
Who can stain that name with a just accusation?
Who can say I mean just her when all her neighbors are exactly like her?
Who can control his fate?
Who can command the forest and make the trees pull their roots out of the earth?
Who can help thinking how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
He who chooses me must give everything he has.
He who chooses me must give and risk all he has.
He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
He who chooses me will get what he deserves.
He who chooses me will get what he deserves.
The one who chooses me will get what he deserves.
Who is coming here?
Who is that coming from?
Who is this?
Who is that?
Who is coming?
Who are you, coming so fast in this quiet night?
Who is coming with her?
Who comes with him?
Who could be out of things to say if he were with the girl he loves?
Who could have restrained himself, who loved Duncan and had the courage to act on it?
Who is dead?
Who put out the light?
Who tricked you?
Who treated you badly?
Who does he accuse?
A man who achieves more in war than his captain does becomes his captain’s rival.
Call me the worst liar.
Who does it gallop for?
Who else should it be?
Who ever saw the heavens threaten like this?
Who are these people?
Who is the ruler here?
Who did this, Sir Andrew?
Whom did he leave in charge here?
Who did this to him?
Who measured the ground?
Who has taken over the watch for you?
Who sent you this time?
Who heard me do that?
Who is blocking the way?
Who is that calling?
Who can explain this to me?
Who is shouting?
What is keeping you?
Who do you mean?
Who is leading his men?
Who here is so low that he wants to be a slave?
Who here is so barbarous that he does not want to be a Roman?
Who here is so vile that he does not love his country?
Who in the crowd is calling me?
Who can tell me who I am?
Which of you has been complaining to the king that I do not like them?
Who is it?
Who is closest to him?
Who is next?
Why is he so stupid that he cannot see through this fraud?
Who calls so coldly?
Who has been with her?
Why are you knocking so hard?
Who says he is?
Does anyone know if Donalbain is with his brother?
Who does not know he is dead?
Who does not know that the good Duke is dead?
Yes, so?
Everyone knows where a wasp wears its stinger.
Who knows what the Lord Protector thinks?
Who is sleeping in the second chamber?
Who takes care of them?
Who is this?
Who should hang them?
Who should pay the price for Mercutio’s life?
Who is talking to him now?
Who offered him the crown?
Who gets up from a meal with the same appetite he had when he sat down?
Has anyone seen Cesario?
Who sent you here?
Who do you serve under?
Who is going to keep me from them?
Who should begin?
Who are the people who want to speak with me?
Who does it stand still for?
If you steal my money, you are just stealing trash.
Who put my servant in the stocks?
Who pleaded with me to pardon?
Who talks of my nation?
Who is in there?
Who can blame him for acting crazy, when inside he condemns himself for everything he has done?
Who was it that came here?
Who was it?
Who was with them last?
Who will advance with me?
Why be jealous of a person like that?
Who would choose to grunt and sweat through an exhausting life, unless they were afraid of something dreadful after death, the undiscovered country from which no
Doesn’t everyone want a wife like that?
Who do you want to work for?
Who has wronged him?
I would say I was in my element, but that phrase is overused, so I will say I am “out of my element.
Who is him?
Who is the Hero?
Who, me?
Who, me?
The Roman people are fed up with his arrogance already.
Who is Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
You do not know?
Who?
Whoever is born on a day I forget to send a message to Antony will die a beggar.
Who deserted this morning?
Who is this?
Who is his lieutenant?
Who is sounding that alarm?
Who is that?
Who is there, aside from this foul weather?
Who is there, in the other devil’s name?
Who is there?
Who are you?
Who is there?
Who is in there?
You will determine the sentence as you see fit, and impose the death penalty if you choose to, even if the criminal were my own son.
Tell us, old Egeon, are you the man who once had a wife named Emilia, who gave birth to two fair sons?
Who should I knock on?
Whom you swore you would protect and defend.
Whichever hand literally stabbed their tender hearts, you are the one who gave the order.
Whose house is it?
Who is shouting "murder"?
Whose tongue?
Why only a few courtiers, my lord of Buckingham?
Why are you acting so brazen toward my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, unfit for toil and trouble in the world?
Why are your swords out?
Why have you gotten so rude?
Why are you silent?
Why are you so strong and good?
Why are you enraged?
The only reason you left India was to come here and see that butch Amazon Hippolyta.
Let’s go.
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling me "love"?
Why did I come here if not for that?
Why did not the jerk come back to me when I called him?
Why do you come here?
Why did he do that?
Why did you carry these daggers out of the room?
Why did you laugh when I said that men do not interest me?
Why did you cry out in your sleep?
Why did you do that?
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why are they running away?
Why are we talking about him like this?
Why are you defying me in this urgent matter?
Why are you giving me his title?
Why bother with them?
Why are you making these faces?
Why did you send so many?
Why are you whispering?
Why are you yelling at me so angrily?
Why are you talking like this?
Who are you talking to?
What are you waiting for, lords of France?
Why does the world report that Kate is lame?
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling him a jerk?
Why are you whipping that whore?
Why are you leading these men through the streets?
Why don’t you go off to church dancing one way, and come home dancing another?
Why do you spit at me?
Why are you waiting?
Why are you talking to me like this?
Why do you look so upset?
Why are our eyelids heavy?
Why is the Jew waiting?
Why did you once seem lovely to me?
Why are the branches still living when the root is gone?
Why didn’t I just adopt a beggar’s child left at my doorstep, whose shame and dishonor I could have denied
Why did I ever have one?
Why has your queen, Juno, called me here to this grassy spot?
Why did you leave the dining room?
Why did you travel so quietly?
Are you sad about that?
I do not know why I should be afraid, since I have not done anything wrong.
Why did you leave your wife and child vulnerable? The most precious things in your life, those strong bonds of love?
Why is my lord enraged against his love?
Why has all this been put on the table?
Why are we talking about this?
Why is Time so cheap about giving out hair?
Why are you so pale?
Why not let it strike?
Why are you so pale?
Why are you looking at me so strangely?
Why do you look depressed today, your Grace?
Isn’t it possible to imagine that the noble ashes of Alexander the Great could end up in a barrel?
Why couldn’t you be attended by my servants, or by Regan’s?
Why, no, boy.
No, no more than is reasonable.
Yes, why not, my lord?
Why are you curious, Iago?
Why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order I gave you?
Why do you complain about your birth, the heavens, and the earth?
Romeo, are you crazy?
Why are you looking for me?
Give words a chance.
Why should he call her a whore?
Why should he have followed you?
Why won’t he?
Why stay when love tells you to go?
Why should I?
Why should I not be there in person?
Why would she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be proclaimed more than yours?
Why would anyone flatter a poor person?
Why should men be more free than women?
Why would Titania want to argue with her Oberon?
Why should you fall into so deep a moan?
Why do you think I am making fun of you when I tell you I love you?
Why is that cauldron sinking?
Why are you hiding that letter?
I am a man again.
Why “puppet”?
Why are you making them work so hard?
It will go away.
Why did you come in between us?
Do you know why the King of France suddenly went back home?
Why, a bad action is a wrong in this world, but when you have won the whole world, it is a wrong in your own world
In that case, I think Cassio is an honest man.
In that case it is good to be a post.
Why should I offer this womanish defense that I am innocent?
Can a person ever have too much of a good thing?
God forgive me.
Well, he is God’s soldier now.
Then everything must really be finished.
Well, then he must be alive.
Well, lead on.
Go ahead and have your terrifying fun.
Well, Margaret, Ursula, and my cousin have been deceived, for they swore you did.
You are bothering me.
Well then, the beef without the mustard.
Well, then I hope he chokes on it.
How about the mustard without the beef?
Well, that is what you get to do.
Well, then, here it is: you must prepare yourself for his knife.
I guess it is you, you silver treasure house.
Well, then, we are awake.
Well then, you must be in love.
That must be because you are so ambitious.
Then your other senses must be getting worse because of the trauma of blindness.
Well, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
Loss upon loss.
Why do you want to do that, my lord?
Why are you locking her away because of this fiend from hell?
Why are the leaves withering now that the sap is all dried up?
Why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke’s favorite champion?
When I cut the egg in half and eat the whites, the yolk will be in two parts like two golden crowns.
Why?
Well,        Aren’t I right?
It is like a cockleshell or a walnut shell, a joke, a prank, a doll’s cap.
I think it is good to be serious and keep quiet.
That is impossible.
Well, you know, some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
That is the difference of a horse.
Our men have broken ranks.
All of these should be in the lantern, because they are all in the moon.
I do not think so.
Antony.
Say anything.
Are you insane, old man?
Like a mouse caught in my own trap, Osric.
He usually sleeps in the afternoon.
She can stay at her father’s house.
Yes, yes.
He is a crazy man.
I think Belman is just as good, my lord.
Hey, bride!
A lot of men have more hair than intelligence.
You seem all right now.
I mean knock his brains out so he can’t take Othello’s place.
What, don't courtiers' hands sweat?
Isn’t every living thing condemning her?
Why, Dromio?
Tomorrow, and then every day after that.
Farewell, King.
Goodbye, then.
Well, good-bye Portia.
Why, Fool?
The same thing.
For the same thing.
Why, friends, you do not even know what you are doing yet.
You will not see anything like that, sweetheart.
Well, get out of here.
Give it to my wife, and get your money.
I want to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Go to bed, and sleep.
Well, there you go.
Eventually God will send him some more hair, if he thanks Him.
Why, good sir?
They drink Danes under the table, and it takes them no effort to out-drink Germans.
Yes, exactly.
Why, he has an income of three thousand ducats a year.
Why, he is the Prince’s fool, and a very dull fool at that.
Why, he will not wake up till Judgment Day.
Why, the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty years of worrying about death.
They saw him just now, singing loudly, wearing a crown of nettles, thorns, hemlock, and all the other weeds
No, he is a devil, I tell you.
Why, too much freedom leads to woe.
These two Antipholuses, who look so alike, and these two Dromios, who seem to have the same face and her story
Here he comes, puffing himself up like a turkey.
Why, here is the order to prove it.
There is no crab-apple here, so do not look sour.
Why, his cuckold’s horns, of course, the kind you men are always blaming on your wives.
What is this, Adam?
How are you?
Why are you so sad?
What is wrong, cousin?
Now, daughter Katherine?
What is going on, Dromio?
What is wrong, Hecate?
What is going on, Juliet?
Why, dear me, Kate!
What is going on, mister?
How are you doing, Stephano?
Why do you sound so odd?
Why, how could she have been murdered?
Well, I am glad about this.
I am sorry for you, gentle Silvius.
You will not take his flesh if he cannot pay.
I can buy twenty husbands at any market.
I haven’t eaten anything yet.
Is “pig” not the same as “great,” may I ask?
Why is that?
I did not say anything.
Your hand is  well, I hope so.
Alright, then I will see you at Philippi.
It seems to me that she is too short to be praised highly, too dark to be praised fairly, and too small to be praised greatly.
If you were never at court, you were never exposed to good manners; if you never witnessed good manners, your manners must be wicked.
The poor rude world does not have her equal.
Yes, yes indeed.
Is it not news that Petruchio is coming?
Why is joking better than groaning about love?
It has bay windows that are as transparent as stone walls, and the upper windows facing south-north are as clear as coal.
It stands by her bedside.
Why do you know of any harm intended toward him?
Hey, lady!
Well, she can get used to it.
Look at you getting all angry!
Hey, love!
Why have I offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king?
Ma'am, you would not treat me like this if I were your father's dog.
Why, Caesar straddles the narrow world like a giant and we petty men walk under his huge legs and look forward to dying dishonorably
Wow, he is a real devil.
I saw Bassanio sail away, and Gratiano went with him.
Man, they were asking for it.
Speak, man, what is the matter?
Why do you say that?
Why, man?
Why, may I ask?
Why, mistress, my master is angry as a bull with horns.
Why, my boy?
Why, dear child?
Why, no, sir.
No.
From this moment on, I have a higher opinion of you than before.
Right now, as fast as she can say the vows.
Let the wind blow, waves swell, and ships sink.
Someone who makes a promise and breaks it.
Why the nobles were imprisoned, and on what charges, I do not know.
Why, our troops amount to three times that.
Yes, you are absolutely right.
What is going on, Rosalind?
Can’t you see for yourself?
Why are we turning to men?
She is not going to borrow money from them.
Why, she challenges me like a Muslim would challenge a Christian.
She already has a face.
Why, she is inside.
Why, she was dead before you were even born.
She would hang on to him, and the more she was with him, the more she wanted to be with him.
I am a carpenter, sir.
Cobble you, sir.
Then you should offer the gods a sacrifice to show your thanks.
Why, sir, he is not coming.
Well, her name is a word, and if you fooled around with it you might make her into a whore.
Why, sir, I told you an hour ago that the good ship has gone mad. This fellow has gone mad, and so have I.
Why, sir, I spent it on this rope.
Sir, I think I have the right to speak, and I certainly will.
What is the problem?
However, there is no such house, no such maid, and no such men as you have dreamed up, like a certain Stephen Sly and one
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day.
Why did you do that?
Well, that is what he is doing—making you free to enjoy heaven.
Yes, I was, but I do not want an answer from you.
I did.
I am doing so.
Why?
Well.
Why not stay and hear me talk to him?
Yes, this is what love does.
Why, sweet Othello? I have not done anything to deserve this.
Isn’t this the Latin master Cambio?
He said he did. I do not know.
That is nothing, believe me, sir.
That fair-skinned, hard-hearted hussy, Rosaline is going to torment him until he goes insane.
The one the Moor gave to Desdemona, which you asked me to steal so many times.
Yes, that is my husband’s name.
That is just greedy.
Well, that is the same thing.
Why, that is my dainty Ariel singing now.
You sound like a cattle dealer. That is the way they sell bulls.
Why, that is just the way to frustrate their plans and defeat their absurd intentions.
Well, the point is, he has lost a ship.
The enemy is loud.
The honest men.
I might as well go before the King of France, who took my youngest daughter without a dowry and beg him to give me a tiny pension
Why, last night.
Why, then, it is time to put on my armor and instruct the troops.
Why, then, it is my body’s doomsday.
Okay, so that is when he will say we stabbed him in his sleep.
All right then, back home we go.
Then Desdemona and Othello will go back to Venice.
You do not think you can teach her?
If you have to go, you have to go.
Well, then it is not one to you, since nothing is really good or bad in itself. It is all what a person thinks about it
Well, improve your situation with a show of courage.
In that case, I do not much care for you.
You should leave them alone until they are sober.
You should add some interjections that indicate laughter.
Immediately call the rest of the watch together and thank God that you have gotten rid of such a criminal.
Well then, can I act as Rosalind for you tomorrow?
Well then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
That will kill our lovers.
Well, then, there!
A crown was offered to him, and he pushed it away with the back of his hand, like this.
Oh, oh, oh!
Well then, here is more money for you.
There is nothing I can do about it.
I think I am getting delirious.
This man has banished two of his daughters and blessed the third one without intending to.
God, that song is even better than the other one.
Why, that man is a total fraud and rascal.
Why, anyone can see what this means.
That is excellent.
If I asked you to wear your gloves when it is cold outside, or eat nutritious food, or do something that is good for you.
I am not Lear.
Well, this is what happens when men let themselves be ruled by women.
Why, the one I just told you about.
Why, this was modeled on a porridge bowl.
That would make anyone cry enough to water his garden with his tears.
I will vouch for Grumio.
You must believe that hairy men are honest and simpleminded.
You have made him so delusional he will go crazy when he learns the truth.
You annoying idiot, what Epidamnum ship is waiting for me?
You know, you are right.
Well, that is a fine answer.
Why, you silly man!
Why do you pity him?
Your horn is a foot long, and I am at least that size.
Why, to keep the eyes on the sides, so that you can see anything that you can’t see.
He cannot give his house away to his daughters, leaving himself without shelter.
Yes, that is it.
You are being disrespected.
Yes, very well.
Why, because we are always handling our ewes, and their fleece is greasy.
We have feelings.
Wow, we are going to drive him crazy.
She is well.
What a king Claudius is.
What an ogre you are to slander someone you do not know, and who does not know you.
What an ass I am.
What a complicated case this is!
Who are you?
What do you know, boy?
What did I do?
What symptoms of love does she exhibit?
What else?
What in the world do you call this?
What is it to you?
What is Tybalt’s story?
What are you doing here?
Why, what is the danger?
What are you afraid of?
What would you do about it?
What is there to do before I get there?
Whatever kind you want, I guess.
What do you mean by "furniture"?
Why, what is the matter?
What is the matter with him?
Why are you asking me that?
Where will we go?
Where would you have me go, Adam?
Who would not cheat on her husband to make him king?
What is it?
Why are you telling me this?
Why wouldn’t you?
Why would that have fixed my hair?
You did not give me any gold.
Do not say all of that yet.
Why, you speak like an experienced and quiet watchman.
It is true.
You were with him, weren’t you?
Your lieutenant, Cassio.
Why do you say that?
Who do you think?
Why?
Next thing you know, he will be saying “widower Aeneas.” What did you say?
They killed your wife, your children, your servants, anyone they could find.
Wife!
Would you like to taste the banquet?
Would your highness like to take a walk?
Would your Honor like to try this dried fruit?
Would your Mightiness care to wash his hands?
What do you say, Caesar?
Will either of you give him the message that I am challenging him to a duel?
Will he bring his army?
Will he tell us what that pantomime meant?
Are you always going to be like this?
Will it eat me?
Will it be chased away by bowing and scraping?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Once we have covered the two servants with blood, and used their daggers to kill them, will not people believe that they were the culprit?
Will he?
Can you buy them with money?
Will he join us?
Won’t King Richard let me speak with him?
Won’t the ladies be scared of the lion?
Aren’t the mayor and his fellow citizens coming?
Will she go to bed now?
Aren’t the playwrights hurting them by making them upstage adult actors?
Will they stop working when their voices mature?
Do you want to get married?
Will you be patient?
Will you come immediately?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Are you really going to pretend you don't know me now?
Will you dine with me tomorrow?
Will you marry us here, under this tree, or should we follow you to your chapel?
Would you tie me to a whole world of worries?
Will you abandon her?
Will you say grace, sweet Kate, or shall I? What is this?
Will you come with me to hear this news, sir?
Do you want to go hunting?
Are you going to watch the race?
Are you going to join them?
Will you come with me?
Will you come on, cousin?
Come on, sister.
Will you come?
Will you come with us?
Do you agree that Ferdinand must have drowned?
Will you marry her?
Will you take me, my lady?
Would you like some more sauce to go with it?
Do you want to hear it again?
Will you listen to me?
Do you want to hear what she says?
Will you help me? What an ass and a fool, a gullible no-good idiot!
Are you ready to set sail?
Show them in.
After you, my lords?
Take it easy!
You mock an ancient tradition, born of reverence and worn in honor of brave men who have died.
Won’t you tell me who told you that?
Will you play this recorder?
Can you help me?
Will you pull your sword out of its sheath?
Get lost, will you?
Are you going to say good things about the man who killed your cousin?
Will you wait awhile?
Will you be having dinner with her tonight?
Will you have dinner with me tonight, Casca?
Are you really going to tell me that?
Do you really think so?
Are you going to cheat?
Will you help them get ready?
Do you want to go in and join the party?
Do you want to see him?
Would you walk out with me?
Will you go hide?
Will you surrender and avoid all this or be called to account for the destruction of this town?
Will you please make this half-devil say why he tricked me and damned my soul?
Your highness, could you send me on a mission to the ends of the earth?
Yes, it is William.
Will you break my heart?
Are you a monster?
Will you meet me at Ninny’s grave?
Are you going?
Would you like to be king of the entire world?
Would you please listen once again to the request I made to you earlier?
Do you want to exchange fathers?
Will you kill him?
Do you think you should go to bed, Malvolio?
Will you have me?
Would you like to hear some music?
Do you want to know what I wrote?
What, you dare put your hands on me, villain?
Would you try to lift Mount Olympus?
What is trusting a friend such a crime?
Why don’t you answer me?
You will fall backward when you grow up, won’t you, Jule?
Are you going to provoke me?
You are going to rest while you are still damned?
May I kiss your feet?
Are you planning on showing me all your wit at once?
Are you going to let them break me out of jail?
Will you abandon such gentle lambs, God, and throw them to the wolves?
Will you do that for me, Silvius?
Will you, Strato?
Come on—kill me and brag about it!
I loved wine and gambling, and had more women than a Turkish sultan keeps in his harem.
Winter garments need to be filled with something, and so does skinny Rosalind.
Wipe your eyes.
Bad people cannot appreciate wisdom or goodness.
How could it be wisdom?
Go wisely and slowly.
As king of this country, I like to reward wit when I hear it.
With all my heart, I will join you.
It makes me very happy to hear he is so interested.
I will do it with all my heart.
He is a good young man.
If you can find a wife by then.
With all my heart.
I will go right away.
By all means.
With all my heart, I will welcome him. In the meantime, I will read Bellario’s letter out loud.
With a touch of green in it.
With anger, with fever, or with hunger, sure, my friend, but never with love.
And with another for tying the new shoes he made with old laces?
Giving it back to him.
Right, and they wore proclamations around their necks, saying, “Be known to all men.”
Yes, with Cassio.
You have connived to steal my daughter’s heart, making her stubborn and harsh instead of obedient.
No, with Demetrius.
We only drink toasts to my niece.
We are following you not only because it is our duty, but also because we want to.
Favorably, except that there wasn’t enough time for his Grace to hear, as I sensed he would have liked to, the details
With her, on top of her, if you want to say it.
I sent the French queen with him, for the same reason.
I am sure Lorenzo is not on their ship.
With Cassio?
He looks angry.
Honestly, you are speaking the truth. Ever since the fools were  With his mouth full of news.
I have shaken up the sturdy cliffs and uprooted pines and cedars; I have opened up graves and awakened the corpses sleeping in them
For lawyers on vacation, because they sleep their holidays away, with no sense of how time moves.
Having already thought about the fact that she would have to die sometime, I can endure her death now.
I am more anxious watching you fight than you are in the fight itself.
It is the truth.
The present time is like a woman in labor, each minute giving birth to some piece of news.
I will keep my promise as if you were Rosalind.
Not with any sauce they could provide for them.
I came here with a fool's head on my shoulders and now I am leaving with two. Goodbye, sweet lady.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
This is no way to treat a host who has welcomed you into his home.
With Rosaline, father?
Get her attention and draw her home with music.
Inside, sir, with the earl.
With a doctor’s help he might recover and become an ass again.
My lord acts just as crazy with love as you do.
Along with this strange power, he has the gift of prophecy and various other abilities.
I have nothing to do with what you are talking about, my lord.
And anything else?
I mean I will live on whatever I get, like birds do.
How did he persuade you to love him?
In God’s name?
With who?
With whom?
It is time to hide.
Get off the field, my lord.
Less than a month after my father’s death, even before the tears on her cheeks had dried, she remarried.
Put him within the reach of my sword, and if he escapes, may heaven forgive him as well.
His body will lie in my tent tonight, with the honorable observance that suits a soldier.
Our army has recently acquired many of Mark Antony’s former soldiers, enough to capture him.
Inside the little rind of this weak flower, there is both poison and powerful medicine.
In ten days time, if you are found within twenty miles of the court, you will die for it.
Within the next three days I want to hear you tell me that Cassio is dead.
In two months, a month before this loan is due, I expect to earn more than three times that much from my investments.
In a half an hour he will be asleep.
I was bound to him an hour ago, sir, but thankfully he chewed through our ropes.
It will be lunchtime within an hour.
In this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you.
Within three hours Juliet will wake up.
Three miles from here you can see it coming, a moving forest.
I have heard that.
He looks skinny, like a dried herring without its eggs, and he hasn’t got his girl.
I will tell him, my lord.
Too bad about the son.
Look, he can become invisible.
Let heaven be my witness. I am putting my mind, my heart, and my hands in Othello’s control.
Hey!
You will be sorry later, but it will be too late.
Pity the hand that shed this valuable blood.
It is bad news when a country is ruled by a child.
How horrible!
We are very sorry, sir, that you may not live to wear us out with your commands.
I pity England, but not myself.
Women are made for.
No, a woman’s gentle brain could never have come up with such crude expressions and even harsher meanings.
There is no need for wonder or worry.
Do not keep wondering without more proof.
I am terribly sleepy.
Stop eating.
Fight?
Cut yourself.
Will you fight well?
Will you cry?
She loves it so much, since Othello told her she should always keep it with her.
Words before fighting.
What are you going to do?
A lot of words.
Once there, make your thoughts work harder, and witness a siege.
Life is full of surprises.
This is getting worse and worse.
Worse and worse!
Well put, Maecenas.
What a worthy man!
Good Macbeth, we are ready when you are.
You are famous for it.
Othello, I have been seriously hurt.
I know, prince.
You know what, my lord?
I wish I had.
I wish it were over.
It is revolting.
I wish I could believe you that all was well.
He said he would deny that he wrote his letter.
Would he have snuck away from me while I was asleep?
Wouldn’t he be a comfort to us in our travels?
I wish I could repay this happy news with good news of my own.
I would rather have met my fiercest enemy in heaven, Horatio, than have lived through that terrible day!
I wish I had two fool’s caps and two daughters.
I wish I could see that man someday.
I hope I never achieve success if I do not feel some of your heartbroken grief right now.
I only wish I could give him all the praise he deserves.
I wish I knew what is happening.
I wish I were in an alehouse in London.
As long as there are.
I wish I were Sleep and Peace, so I could spend the night with you.
Wish I could say the same.
Would it be better if I were that, instead of what I am?
What woman would not be distressed, being lorded over by a handful of dust?
Doesn’t that make you want to cry?
I wish it were a day.
If only I could spit poison.
Maybe, but I wish I had never laid eyes on him.
I wish that no one could avenge my cousin’s death except me.
They would not say anything?
I wish she would never let you come.
I wish she were in her coffin here, with the ducats in her coffin.
I would gladly do without that if he would only stay faithful to me.
I wish I had a fault like that.
I wish he would go away.
I wish the night were here already.
I wish they had stayed.
I wish my eyes were open.
I wish you and your scarred self had convinced me to wage our last battle on land.
I wish you would do what I ask.
Are you thinking of buying her?
Are you trying to remake me?
Can you imagine cement and stone talking better?
I wish you had never met him.
What, you do not want me to be chaste?
All of you who are looking at her, wouldn’t you swear that she is a virgin?
If you want to praise Caesar, just say his name. That is all the praise that is necessary.
How I wish you felt better.
I wish you could face your bad news like a man.
Are you going to hide and watch them having sex?
What do you want?
What do you want with me?
Are you going to get me in trouble?
Would you ever do such a thing for all the world?
Could you really do such a thing for all the world?
Did you have to give them everything?
You are like the poor cat in the old story.
Won’t you be glad to see that dog humiliated?
Would you take it back?
Take his sword from him.
May my wrinkles forbid that.
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”
Write down that Prince John is a villain.
Write to him immediately.
I would write sad songs about unrequited love and sing them loudly in the middle of the night.
I will tell them that we will not hurt anyone with our swords, and that Pyramus is not really dead.
Write them together. Your name is just as good as yours.
Write to him from me. I will sign it.
Write to me very soon and I will let you know what she thinks.
I have done wrong, so I will suffer wrong.
Do I mistreat even my enemies?
Do not wrong her birth.
You rudely snuck out of bed.
Read your history.
Fast!
Quickly, quickly, good Iras, quickly.
It astounds me that such a weak man could beat the whole world and carry the trophy of victory alone.
I see.
Yes, even if I had a thousand more pounds than that, for I hear that you are, too.
Yes, and I will continue crying for a while longer.
Yes, and paid me well for doing it.
Yes, with the sign underneath him that says: “Here lives Benedick the married man.
Yes, and the best looking.
Are you there?
Yes, but I am insulting myself by thinking this way.
Yes, but do not do it at full volume until there is no danger in it.
Yes, by God, it is.
What are you mocking me to my face?
Yes, I am the one.
Yes, I will wipe my mind clean of all trivial facts and memories and preserve only your commandment.
Is the worst?
Yes, as much pleasure as one might take in choking a bird at knifepoint.
Leave that labor to great Hercules. It is worse than the previous twelve.
Do you hear me, Balthasar?
Yes, indeed, bring them before me.
Yes, that is a good idea.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can spoil it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Yes, or to wear cosmetics?
I will tell you as soon as I know, Richard, because at this point I have no idea.
Yes, sir, I will leave when you ask me to.
Yes, sir, we hope so.
That she did.
Yes, that is me.
Yes, even power gets in its own way.
Yes, why should she not?
Yes, yes, my lord.
Oh,” he said, “did you fall on your face?
It was a painful bruise, and she was crying bitterly.
I will perform this ceremony every year.
That is correct.
Yes, it is Emilia.
Yes, a dozen of them, as many as there are women in the world.
Yes, and he will keep getting funnier until he dies.
The new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten eagles, or rabbits frighten a lion.
Yes, if you kept them together and invested them.
Yes, return and tell me if your master looks well, because he was sick when he left.
Yes, by God.
They will.
There is a lot of offense.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement that God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, absolutely, no question or ambiguity about it.
Yes, indeed, and all the King’s men, the Duke of Milan and his fine son.
Okay, I will, on Fridays and Saturdays, and the rest.
Yes, indeed they are.
Yes, dear madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Not true.
Yes, I will.
No, I know that you are Signior Lucentio.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is just clothing.
Yes, that is it.
To answer your question, ma'am, yes, he was friendly with those knights.
Yes, Madam.
Yes, of course.
Yes, I truly believe He did great good.
Noble people do not answer to peasants.
Yes, and one other place, if you will only let me name it.
Yes, one, and this is how I did it.
Some men have bad luck.
Yes, Shylock, I will sign the contract and agree to its terms.
Yes, sir, but not when I am enraged.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
For your own safety, you should deny one thing: you have been a great thief at sea.
Of course he is, and so are you.
Yes, that the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, sir.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, it is true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers.
Yes, they are.
You have seen her and Cassio together.
Yes.
This is the plague of important men. Our wives betray us more than those of poor men.
No, not you again.
I am as noble as my opponent.
I knew from the first moment that it would be this way.
Do not take all that pain on yourself.
Benedick was once an enemy of love as well, and now he has become a real man.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
Only three so far.
I will go out, for these bad omens apply to the world in general as much as they do to me.
Even that I could put up with.
Count Claudio can stay, for what I am about to say concerns him.
At least I do not have a horse for my mistress.
Still, Edmund was beloved.
But fortune could not reward me better than to let me die well without owing my master anything.
You are not really my daughter, but I still have one daughter left.
However, he has never really understood his own feelings very well.
He seems capable.
Quiet!
Wait and listen to me, countrymen.
She has had prayers read for her and is dressed up like a virgin, with flowers tossed on her grave and the bell tolling for her.
You are still here?
There is still a spot here.
His investments are uncertain right now.
Please find a way to give me some time alone with Desdemona, if you think that is all right.
I can’t help laughing to think that the baby stopped crying and said, “Yes.” I swear, she had a
I do not hate Orlando.
I have known people who sleepwalked and were not guilty of anything.
I have not seen such a promising candidate for your love.
I insisted on knowing what the matter was, but you refused to answer me, instead giving me an angry wave of your hand and telling me to
I do love you.
I do not think it will hurt him to tell the truth.
I promise it can be cured with some guidance.
I would kill you by petting you too much.
I know he is noble, rich, young, and with a fine reputation.
Go.
I will not shed any of her blood or scar that beautiful skin, whiter than snow and smooth as the finest marble.
If Antony is alive, healthy, friendly, and not Caesar’s prisoner, I will shower you with gold and pearls.
If you conspired against my position while you were there, I might be interested in the reason for your stay in Egypt.
It does not say much.
This chatter is no cure for my toothache.
It was prophesied that the crown would not go to your descendants, and that my sons and grandsons would be kings instead.
The French are still fighting.
In that case, leave our cousin Katherine with us.
Let me keep weeping for such a great loss.
I paid attention to where Cupid’s arrow fell.
Do not waste any time.
My heart is still throbbing to know one thing.
One more time, we proclaim this publicly: If anyone will pay this man’s bail, he will not be put to death.
The poor old man just wept, mixing his tears with the rain.
Put the torch out so I can't be seen.
I repeat, he is in love.
She has to die, or she will cheat on other men.
That is a false conclusion, since we have locks to keep our valuables safe and clever traps to catch thieves.
No man with a reputation will tarnish that name with lies and bad behavior.
He had been there before me, and they told me he had gone out looking for me.
They still haven’t joined the battle.
This is all that is left for me to do, but I will not do it.
You called the fairy creature harmless, monster.
Yet you killed my children.
But you are lying out in the cold.
But only hint at this vaguely, because, as you know, my mother is still alive.
It does not help either.
Words are a good thing when the man speaking them is pleasant to listen to.
I wish I could say that is the last time he will do it.
I did not want to be free like this.
Maybe, but you are wrinkled all the same.
But you began so rudely.
You have all the advantages from the harm done.
But still, she is going to kill you for being gone so long.
You have pierced me through the heart with your cruelty and yet you, the murderer, look as bright and clear as a star in the sky.
Since you come from him, you are saturated with his healing spirit.
God forgive me for bragging.
If your soles are worn out, I can mend you.
Still, it stands to reason that he must not betray his fear, as it might dishearten his army.
The last time I saw him it was black from the smoke of war.
When we have an hour to spare, we can talk more about it, if you are willing.
Surrender, dog!
That light is not daylight, I know it.
Right in the middle of the fight, just when we had a slight advantage, that immoral Egyptian nag—May she die of leprosy
Those island-bred skeletons, terrified for their bones, are an offensive sight on the morning field.
That huge black cloud over there looks like a filthy liquor jug that is about to pour out its contents.
I remember, Adam, that is my master, your brother.
Yes, I see them coming.
They are lying over there, and the poor old man, their father, weeps so piteously over them that the entire audience has joined
He is walking over there, sir.
You are a man.
That is good advice.
You all saw that on the Lupercal feast day I offered him a king’s crown three times, and he refused.
You all know this cloak.
You always slip out of the argument like this.
This is amazing.
You represented yourself as just a common man.
You are a king’s advisor.
You are a lying, cowardly wretch.
You sell fish.
You are a fool.
You are a fool. You should prepare to leave.
You are a lover.
You are a funny man, sir.
Catch me if you can.
You are an insolent little boy.
You are a senator!
You are a spirit, I know.
You just missed a fight that was barely avoided.
You ass!
You are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world.
You will both help me, right?
You are mistaken.
You are acting stupid, Casca, and you lack the quick wits that a Roman should have.
You are up early.
You are sure full of smooth answers.
You are brave gentlemen.
You are Antonio, you are he.
You are right, it is for my mistress.
You are all lazy and shallow.
You are doing the right thing.
They are looking for you in the great chamber.
You are in a good mood tonight, my lord.
You are older than me.
You are my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the blood that runs through my sad heart.
You are naughty.
I know you know something about how excellent Laertes is.
You are not one of Pinch’s patients, are you?
You are not wood, you are not stones, you are men.
You are not, Cassius.
You are overstepping your bounds now.
You are now within a foot of the cliff's edge.
You are all welcome here; please make yourselves at home.
In your own kitchens, you act like wildcats.
You are so neat and well put-together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else.
Have you made up your mind?
You are the one I have to obey.
You are their heir and sit on their throne, and the blood and courage that glorified them run in your veins.
A faithful shepherd worships you.
You are thought to be the most intelligent person.
My lord, you are wrong to berate her like that.
You are getting too angry.
You are too forgiving.
You are completely wrong about this king.
You are competing for something.
That is very sensible, but you missed my sense. I meant that Hortensio is afraid of you.
You are very welcome here.
We are glad to see you.
You are welcome for his sake.
Welcome to Elsinore.
Welcome to all of you.
Welcome to Cyprus.
You are welcome.
You are very welcome here.
It is lovely to see you.
Welcome.
This is it, for now.
You are very eager to fight.
You are, but you do not know it yet.
Don’t you have any manners?
You know where she is.
You told me to make it well and properly and in keeping with the current style.
The wit you flaunt is like a blunt sword. It can't hurt anyone, thank God.
Quiet!
All because I use my own money to make a profit.
I know you can do better than that, but it will do for now.
You cannot get any more money out of me right now.
Bassanio, the best thing you can do is to keep living and write an epitaph for my gravestone.
I am positively stuffed with air, I eat so much of it.
You cannot party your way into dukedoms.
You can’t find that out, even if you held my heart in your hand, you couldn’t make me tell you.
You cannot take anything from me that I care less about, except my life, except my life.
Let tornadoes spew water until the steeples of our churches and the weathervanes are all drowned.
That is not fair.
You mournful princes and grieving gentlemen who have been sharing this burden of grief, now it is time to cheer each other up with love.
You have come right on time.
You did not arrive like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me saying, “Shylock, we need money.”
You come here with letters against the king, and you take his conceited daughter's side against his royal highness.
You could only imitate his imperfections so well if you were the man himself.
By the way, if I were to compose a speech of twelve to sixteen lines and stick it into the play, you could learn it by heart
You keep cramming words into my ears that I do not want to hear.
How dare you try to be my friend when you refuse to fight my enemy.
You knew that my sword, weakened by my love for you, would obey that love no matter what.
You did.
You get trickier and trickier.
You are helping the storm, not us.
You are just playing around.
You will see that Caesar is giving you no reason to do so.
Yes, my lady.
You do me wrong by taking me out of the grave.
You must be mistaking me for someone else.
You are mistaken.
No, no.
Do you remember the circumstances?
You attract me to you, you cruel magnet.
You would not have dared to tempt him so.
When you take up your duties too cheerfully.
All you English princes, I salute you.
You resent my friends' rise in society, and my own.
Gentle gods in heaven, please let me die.
You are forgetting yourself when you back me into a corner.
You gentle Romans, quiet there.
You are looking for Lord Hamlet.
You had rotten food, and he helped you eat it.
You have a daughter named Elizabeth, who is virtuous and beautiful, aristocratic and full of grace.
The three of you have killed a sweet, innocent woman.
Many of you own slaves, which you use to perform awful jobs just because you bought them.
You have wonderful armor, but give my horse his due.
You have stunned him.
Take my hand, Hastings.
They are very anxious for you to get there.
You were worn with honor.
You will never be able to say the same about me.
You are wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles.
Please remain seated.
You have already done something you should be sorry for.
You have done well at sea.
You have done a good job, that other men can attribute their murders to you.
You have forgotten the will I told you about.
You are a good judge of horsemanship.
You heard him swear up and down that he was.
You have heard a lot.
Her father loves you, Demetrius.
He got you back, Benedick!
You have killed an innocent woman, and you will pay dearly for her death.
You have heard something you shouldn’t have.
You have no reason to say that.
You have not lost it unless you think you have.
You were one of his favorites.
You have offered me the lands of Sicily and Sardinia.
You get my point, don’t you?
You have my consent.
You do not want to eat, sir?
You did not go to sleep, then?
You have never thought of me like that, and you have no reason to.
You have never seen anything like it.
Anything.
Not long ago you challenged and opposed your brother, and it is only recently that he has forgiven you.
You are right, I will go quietly.
You have humiliated him, lady. You have put him down.
You have said what you have to say now.
All right, you have had your say, but we will let the forest judge whether or not you spoke wisely.
You are right, sir.
You have seen the cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You haven’t seen anything?
You have all served me well, and kings are your peers.
You have abused our sex in this love talk of yours.
You did not, even though you had every reason.
You thought you were being funny, but you said the truth.
You got to me first.
You are taking it more seriously than I meant it.
You told me she got them, and that she promised to give me a little something in return.
Your wit is too courtly for me.
People with too much invested in the world always get hurt.
You have raised me as a peasant, hiding from me what I needed to become a gentleman.
You have, my lord.
You can hear them all night long.
Antipholus, you hear how the man pleads with me.
You hear the charges.
You heard her say it wasn't me.
You dance and prance and lisp; you call God’s creations by pet names, and you excuse your sexpot ploys.
On land, you keep the legions and cavalry together, don't you?
Then, rejecting my request, you kill me.
You kiss like you have studied how.
You knew my father well; therefore, you know me as the sole heir to all his property and possessions, which I have added to rather than
You knew—no one knew, no one knew as well as you did—about my daughter's plans to run away.
You know that he does.
You know I gave it to you just now.
You know that I gave it to you a half hour ago.
I have no opinion about him.
You know from my clothing who I am.
I owe you a lot, and like a spoiled kid I have lost what I owe you.
You know me well.
You know me too well.
You know what I intend.
You have never heard of the Centaur?
You do not know how to pick a man.
Gregory, remember how to slash.
You do not know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him flee.
You do not know why we came to visit you.
Well, you know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours at a time.
You know that I used to believe in Epicurus and his disregard for omens.
If you were anyone other than Brutus, that speech would be your last.
You are sure the handwriting is your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is her wedding day.
You know, he got me in trouble with the lady of the house once when I arranged a bear-baiting here.
You do not have a man’s courage.
You must be the one who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams.
You do not know that?
The gods can hear you lying.
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you have something more to say.
You do not look well, Antonio.
You go pale, you stare, and you act in awe of the strange disturbance in the heavens.
You look tired.
You do not love me.
I am not sure about that.
You are getting in the way of our work.
You might as well do the impossible rather than try to soften his Jewish heart.
You may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning its face with a peacock feather.
You might just as well say, “That is a valiant flea that dares to eat its breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You can judge for yourself what I mean.
You may be honest, no matter what I think.
You may hear about it soon.
You can do what you want, but he is an experienced and honorable soldier.
You can figure out the rest.
You can go straight to hell.
You might have a great opportunity to give it to him right now.
Maybe you will find a husband without a beard.
He is more of a soldier than a wise man.
You can see my ribs so well you can count them.
You may think that I do not love you.
Maybe you think that I think you are in love.
You may, sir.
You mean to bear me, not to bear me? My protector, Richard, insists on it.
We should all kneel before her, men of Cyprus.
Not bad; you might accomplish something.
You could have come sooner.
You should have saved me some trouble and taken it away yourself.
Listen, hussy, is this man one of your customers?
You are wrong, sir, very wrong.
There must be some mistake, sir.
Come, come, you are making fun of me.
You are making fun of me.
You will have to leave tonight.
You will have to be patient for a little while.
You have to pretend to be your niece’s father, and give her away to Claudio.
You will have to bear with me.
First, you have to speak to the watchmen who accused them.
You have to contradict me, do you?
You have to be patient.
You have to stop talking like this.
Yes, you have to tell us why.
Do not say no.
Do not look so sour.
You cannot stay here any longer.
Do not think I am so dumb that I do not know that the devil will not eat a woman.
Do not think that I am drunk.
Please do not take my niece the wrong way, sir.
Our regiments are full to the brim; our cause is ready.
Bottom, you are Pyramus, and Flute, you are Thisbe.
You mean "paragon.” The duke is leaving the temple.
I have a lot to tell you about them.
You must know that the snake will act according to his nature.
You must go to Parthia.
Believe what?
You do not have to worry about any of these lords, my lady.
You do not have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
I hope lightning strikes her in the eyes.
Any man can get drunk.
Yes, right, go get him.
You unwashed farmworker!
You must keep up this united front.
You defend yourself by blaming my judgment, but you are just making up feeble excuses.
You were not given any gold?
You wake up to have fun, and you start work when you go to bed.
You are rubbing salt in his wounds when you should be applying bandages.
You said the enemy would not come down but keep to the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh at you?
You see how kind everyone is to us, how they just hand us gold.
The jeweler says he ate at home, but the jeweler says he did not.
You have got it wrong, old man.
That is very true, mangy rascal, when it pleases God.
You speak well.
You say you are a better soldier.
You say you do not know what the girl thinks.
You barely have the heart to tell me, so you cannot possibly have the nerve to do it.
You are acting like an ass, don’t you?
You see, her eyes are open.
Be at ease.
He is so flighty in his old age, as we keep noticing.
You see how naïve and foolish I have been.
You see me here, gods, a grieving old man, as wretched in his grief as he is in his old age.
You see me standing here.
You sent me to get whipped.
You sent me to the port to find a ship.
You shall advise me in everything having to do with Cleopatra.
You will become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me.
You will be the king.
You will love more than you are loved.
You will have your answer soon.
You will remain a prisoner until we bring your crimes to the Venetian government.
You are both wrong.
It would be wise of you, my dear Reynaldo, to ask around about his behavior a little before you visit him.
If you put me in the stocks, you will insult him both as a king and as a man.
You will find me ready to do that, sir, if you give me a reason.
You can have anything you want.
I will give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times over.
We will let you.
I will write to my stepson Richmond on your behalf, so that he will meet you on the way.
I will give you letters of introduction to some friends of mine who will help you.
You will not get any bad cooks from me.
There is a ransom.
You will get some of what you want.
You will take the mustard or you will get no beef from Grumio.
You can argue as much as you like when there is nothing else to do.
You will have wine enough, my lord, soon.
You will listen to me.
You will hear more from me by midnight.
He will tell you more of the story.
You will know more about it later.
Look at the devoted servants who work for their masters their whole lives for nothing but their food, and then when they get old they are terminated.
You will never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue.
You must not go without having a drink first.
You will not find any cause for anxiety, even if you look for one.
You cannot judge me based on what I do tonight.
You are not going, sir.
You are not going anywhere.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but will say all the good you want to about Caesar and that you do it by our permission
No, you cannot sign a contract like that for me.
You are not leaving the house today.
You will wear a mask, and you can make your voice as high as you want.
You have to read us the will, Caesar’s will.
You will see shortly how the murderer wins the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You get only one round.
You may, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time of day it is.
You should let others take care of you and submit to people who know better than you do what is good for you.
You should have reprimanded him for that.
You should listen to reason.
You should have run up to her, unleashed a few excellent quips invented on the spot, and rendered the young man speechless.
You scoundrel!
You just said all your lines at once, cues and all.
You cannot say what you are saying.
You are trying to trick me, my lord.
Say no more.
Just listen this once.
Have you not spoken to her since then?
You kick me out, he kicks me back.
Do not worry about me.
You are standing.
I see you survived your time in Egypt.
You hit my servants, and your disorderly mob of knights treat their superiors like servants.
Let quick sulfurous lightning, strong enough to split enormous trees and singe the white hair on my head.
You tanned fieldworkers who are so tired of August’s labors, get out of the dirt and come rejoice with us.
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it until you died, and that it would be buried with you.
You take my house away when you take the money I need for upkeep.
You take my life when you take away my means of making a living.
So you took pleasure in bringing me this message?
You should take your beauty sleep now.
Do not be silly.
You pale face.
First you taught me how to beg, and now I think you are teaching me how a beggar should be answered.
You taught me language, and all I can do with it is curse.
Tell us about this wrestling.
Have you suffered a loss like mine?
You expect me to cry?
You seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you wish.
You think about him too much.
You thought because he did not speak English like a native, he couldn't handle an English club.
Then you told a lie, a sick, wicked lie.
That is correct.
You told me that you do not salute at the court but kiss hands.
You were right the first time.
You are pale and trembling.
Understand?
You are using this as an excuse for not showing up at the Porcupine like you promised.
You would better go inside.
You would better knock louder.
You should tell Antonio what you hear, but do not do it suddenly, because it might upset him.
We all begged you not to go ahead with those marriage plans, and your lovely daughter struggled between disgust at marrying an African and desire to obey you
You were sent for.
They said they were acting for you.
You were wrong to give away your wife’s first gift so thoughtlessly.
You bastard workhorse drudge!
No, you would answer, “The slaves are ours.” And that is how I am answering you.
You will pretend to be a schoolmaster and offer to teach the girl.
You will be whipped.
You force me to read the will, then?
You will live in luxury with Gremio.
You are going to lose this bet, my lord.
You will never fall victim to Benedick’s charms, my niece.
You will not, then?
You will not enjoy it much, I can tell you, the odds are against this young man.
You were supposed to be proving that there is not time for everything.
You want proof?
You would give the moon a shove if it got stuck five weeks in its orbit.
If your clothes were as thin as mine, you would feel the air.
I do not know how.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me even more, sir, by denying it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
Please, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write on behalf of such a man.
You go and take care of your business, since everybody has some business to take care of, whatever it is worth.
You are representing the Prince himself.
You, niece.
All this fighting is because of you.
You, Nick Bottom, have been cast as Pyramus.
I hope this play is well cast now.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
I breathed from my soul the most faithful offerings to your ungrateful altars that any devoted person has ever offered.
You!
You, sir, where is my daughter?
You!
You.
You wanted to be king of the island, sir?
You will never trust his word again.
You are going to ask me why I would rather have a pound of decaying flesh than three thousand ducats.
You will be sick tomorrow because you have stayed up all night.
You will get a blow from me for that, I think.
If I break the door down, you will be sorry for this.
You are wrong about that, I assure you.
Your whole family will be ruined.
Your sons will neigh to you like horses.
You will make me angry.
Are you going to let us in?
I will not tolerate him.
Are you going to pay the eight shillings I won from you in a bet?
You will get there two days before me.
You are in the charge of an honorable man.
You are mistaken about all that.
Signior Balthasar, you look upset.
Nice to see you.
You and he are both welcome, sir.
That is the truth, sir.
Do you have unusual snakes?
Young boys and girls are equal to men.
Young budding virgin, fair and pure, where are you off to?
Young Prince Edward is still alive. What do you think I should say next?
Young Fortinbras, returning from Poland, is firing his guns to greet the English ambassadors.
What is that, you runt?
Young gentleman, you are too bold for your age.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the Wrestler?
Young men love with their eyes, not with their hearts.
Is it young Romeo?
Young man, something is wrong if you are getting out of bed this early.
Girls younger than she often marry and become happy mothers.
Here in Verona there are girls younger than you—girls from noble families—who have already become mothers.
Callow youth, you do not yet know how to love.
It is not the custom for maids in France to kiss before they are married, is that what she says?
Your speech is more refined than I would expect in such a remote place as this.
Your answer?
Sir, I am puzzled by what you just said.
Your bedroom.
Better men than you have heard me speak my mind, and if you can’t take it, then you should plug your ears.
Your superiors.
Richard, the duke of Gloucester, hates you.
Your brother is young and inexperienced, and because of my affection for him, I would hate to crush him.
Your brother Don John the Bastard has run away from Messina.
Oliver, your brother, is not your brother; and yet he is the son.
The food inside is warm, but you are out here freezing.
Your case is better than that.
Your wife and children were savagely slaughtered.
Your grief should not be equal to his worth, because then your sorrow would never end.
Your magic spell has such an effect on them that if you saw them now, you would feel sorry for them.
Your children will be kings.
Your children caused you trouble in your youth, but mine will bring you comfort in your old age.
Your authorization is ready.
You have lost your resolve.
My lady Olivia, your niece, disapproves of your late-night partying.
Your crown is crooked.
The Danes, the Germans, and the Dutch are nothing compared to the English.
The princes left your daughter for dead.
I also heard that your daughter spent eighty ducats in Genoa one night.
The nobles of Cyprus whom you invited to dinner are waiting for you.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters destroyed themselves and died in despair.
Your Emperor is still a king among gods.
Your eyes are like stars, and your voice is more musical than a shepherd’s song is to a shepherd in the springtime.
Your eyes look threatening.
When fools cry, you remain stony.
Your face betrays strange feelings, my lord, and people will be able to read it like a book.
Your father’s sons would make excellent husbands if only a girl could catch one for herself.
Your father was an extremely moral man, and religious people get odd ideas on their deathbeds.
Your features, God help us.
Your fortunes are the same.
Your friends are up and buckling on their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they are the ones who need a priest.
Gentlemanly manners have more sway around here than force.
The stuff you had at the Centaur, sir.
Your Grace heard their saccharine words, but did not take note of their poisonous intentions.
Your Grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects.
You have bet on the weaker fencer.
You are too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace can do whatever he wants.
You, I think, would know what he is thinking.
Both of you are welcome here.
If I may say so, your Majesty, your grandfather and your great-uncle Edward, the Black Prince of Wales—or so I have read
Give me your hand, Leonato.
Don’t be shy, shake hands with me.
It is like half your soul has been ripped out.
I hope you get what you desire.
Your Highness told me to ask for my commission today.
Your Highness just told me that I should ride there before you.
Your honor is the reason you are leaving.
You are welcome.
Your Honor’s is unhealthy talk.
Your Honor’s actors, hearing of your recovery, have come to perform a pleasing comedy for you.
Curse your families.
Your husband, being saddled with a shrew, projects his own suffering onto my husband.
Your mother is coming to your bedroom.
Your wife, sir, your wife.
You should have a guard nearby if he comes in here, because he is clearly disturbed.
I did not write about breaking the alliance with Antony until I saw how dangerous it would be to keep postponing preparations.
You will feel them more quickly.
You look pale and wild as if you are going to hurt yourself.
Your lord knows what I think.
Welcome to Denmark, my lord.
You speak absolutely correctly, sir.
You are a remarkable person and your loss is equally remarkable.
Your love says, like an honorable gentleman, "Where is your mother?"
Your love says, like an honorable gentleman who is courteous, kind, handsome, and, I believe, virtuous. Where is your mother
Give me your love instead, as I give you mine.
Your Majesty did not present yourself as the king.
Your Majesty is quite right.
Your Majesty shall mock me.
Your Majesty, see here if it will not offend your Grace. What a complete, rascally, beggarly, lousy rat.
You and your servant are very funny.
You may change your mind later.
Your mistress is a good mount.
Your mistress sent for me to come to dinner?
Your mother.
What is your name?
Tell us your name, sir, truthfully.
What are your names?
The only tears you should shed in this case are the kind you might get from holding an onion to your nose.
Your overwhelming kindness makes me weep.
You could not prevent her from dying someday, but heaven will give her eternal life.
I appreciate your frankness and your brevity.
For when you cut your shin.
You are stripped of your power and your command, and Cassio will govern Cyprus.
Your praise has beaten you home.
Why not?
Explain.
Your answers are too shallow and too hasty.
Your scolding is somewhat exaggerated.
Your royal father is murdered.
Your preparation for war sounds like something.
Put your straw hats on, have some fun, and dance with these young nymphs.
The Egyptian snake is born when the sun shines on the Nile mud, just like the crocodile.
Your servant Kent.
I am at your service.
We are your servants, your highness, and as always our house and everything in it is at your disposal, for after all, we keep
Your servants are waiting.
Your shoes are in pretty bad shape.
Your sister is the better soldier of the two.
That is why your daughter and son-in-law are punishing me shamefully.
Your son will have my consent to marry my daughter.
My lord, your son has paid the soldier’s price: death.
Your statue spouting blood through many holes, in which many smiling Romans bathed, means that you will provide great Rome with sustaining blood.
Drawing your sword on a woman?
Of course I hear it.
You bring your cauldrons, your spells, your charms, and everything else.
I rely on your virtue to protect me.
Your vote will be as strong as anyone’s in the reordering of the government.
You are taking a shorter route.
Your wife and brother led troops against me, claiming to be fighting in your name.
Your wife Octavia, with her self-effacing eyes and self-righteous assumptions, will not receive any praise from patronizing me.
Your wife would not like it if she were here to hear you make that offer.
What do you want?
Your wives, your daughters, your old women, and your young maids together could not satisfy my lust.
It is not true.
You speak like a very thankful and respectful boy, and may God bless you.
You always loved to tell me I couldn't do anything without being told.
He is just Launcelot.
You are both very precious to me.
Your behavior is an insult to all women.
It was yours, I swear.
I am at your service until death.
Yours, if we are talking about  I am leaving.
Thank you.
Young people often lose their self-control even without any help from others.
I cannot believe that dog, that rat, that mouse, that cat could scratch me to death!
Let’s kill him!
Damn it, shut your mouth.
But listen, if
For God’s sake, sir, you have been robbed.
Damn it, who is there?