What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
Good luck in your search for the one !
Why does everyone seem to want someone that they can not have and know that they should not want ?
Do you like to argue and fight ?
If you are set on that , that is the way to go .
My ex of three years cheated on me .
Work at it , but do not let him keep you locked up at home .
Other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .
Also , men get bored and tire way before women do .
She is strong and loving and most of all , she was not as happy as she thought she was .
It is one way of saying I do not like you .
King had a song about this , `` Only your Mother loves you '' and you might be jiving as well .
He loves you , too , girl . Time will tell .
He wants me to change how I look .
I know I have someone to come home to .
Did you fall in love because I want to have sex , but you have to be careful .
Do you want all your friends forever ?
It does not mean that you are lazy .
Going to a club and dancing .
Do not go anywhere with him or her .
They are a lot of fun , and there is plenty to do .
It all depends on when you are ready .
Stay 100 miles away from this man .
Be prepared because if it happens again , it can happen again .
I am looking for the girl who wants that time with me .
At least not until he gets another girlfriend .
Wife says , `` We do not wear that shit . ''
If you are asking , then you should break up with him and open yourself to other options .
Why do gays want to get married ?
Saying sorry to him without commiting a mistake is humilation to your self .
Do you have to rush your choice ?
They do not respond to your feelings .
No seriously , think about how many cocky girls are out there .
She is too afraid to ask him out .
Get a grip , how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with ?
I would ask you out , but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live .
They have never performed before and it doubles the pain !
I will probably go and see one .
I wish you the best of luck , but I am just glad that I have brown hair .
Send me an email at honorarius @ yahoo.com and I will tell you .
It is simply a challenge .
I am a girl , so I will help you out .
Do not tell them , but let them know once you are in bed with her .
If I would have kept my last name , it is just a freakin name .
I hardly ever see him in school either , usually I see him at my brothers basketball games .
He is telling that to some women as well . He is a womanizer .
DROP HIS BUTT , THERE ARE PLENTY OF FISH IN THE SEA OF AMORE .
I know because I am just like your wife .
When she calls , text her back .
No way . I am 5'4 '' and he is 6'2 '' .
Do not know the number one rule , Trust No One .
We have tried breaking up a couple times , but it never happens .
Some because they are thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .
If you have a penis , then it is no problem . You just have to penitrate her pussy with your errect penis .
In that case , take some defense classes .
I just got out of a three year relationship with my baby 's father .
What happened when the politician took Viagra ?
Hello , my name is xxxxxx . I have been working for me for years .
Women are complicated .
We like soft approch and a little bit of chasing .
You would be surprised in the type of people that go to them .
It is very enjoyable , especially when you meet each other after texting for a few months .
Hey , I am in New York and I will help you out if you are around .
Sounds strange , but it worked in about 3-5 days for me .
Do not worry , I am not working with much either .
Why does it matter what they think if they do not get along , do not spend time togather .
If he is , then you have a good man .
If he likes you , you will know .
I suppose it is normal , but I will just move on .
The rest is easy from there .
I like any man that is funny .
Girl only you can decide on this .
Why do you ask this question ?
Do not tell everyone just because you think that is right .
10 years gap is nice .
If he still does not like you , then move on .
I see him every week in psr , but I can not talk to him .
Because they feel insecure with less educated men .
For one thing , if it does not work out there goes your job .
I hope that it does not ever pass .
Only the ones that are not worth your time .
It is smaller of course , and it is all about looks .
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other .
If you do not , you will always wonder .
Some people choose not to because of their religion , others do not .
Give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends .
Best of luck to you !
Men who were not ready to committ .
This is a big day in both of your lives , it should not be done quickly and without thought .
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother . What is wrong with that ?
One man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me .
I must not be ugly enough .
I am a diver . WINK , WINK .
Well , depend on women what she wants .
REMEMBER IT TAKES TWO NOT ONE .
If he really did not like her and did not like you , then he would have already dumped her for you .
Hang around until the bar closes or visit a prison .
Please do not miss out on this one .
Believe it or not , women hate cocky men .
But stick with what is inside of you .
It happened to me twice .
Perhaps you are young , I do not know .
No matter what he says , action speaks louder than words .
There is nothing in the world like a big boned woman .
Even if he is rich , do not sell your self .
I just moved to Sacramento , a gay male , 30 .
The people who are around you now , like your friends , should like you no matter what .
Because they like the little titis and pussys .
Wait until you get older and if you both feel the same way , then go for it !
Yes , I am not one of those people , but I know there are many of them .
No , not if you have to ask .
Do you want to suck another man 's dick ?
Because they are girls , and they are not as selfish as we are .
Does this mean he likes me ?
Do not worry about him , just sonsentrate in school so you can lern , and then what about your boyfriend ?
I dated one and I know .
Look at the way she walks .
No , at least I hope not .
Hello , I am looking to visit your country .
Should I give him another chance ?
The same man you want to be in a relationship with ?
I went and there he was .
That is what I called it , but why ?
That way you can still go by your last name .
Both of you work hard to get it right .
I have told her I liked her and she said she would not want to ruin or friendship .
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
Show her your naked baby pictures .
It is important to last at least 30-45 minutes .
I am not telling you to be celibate until then .
If he is flirting with her , then jump him .
I love curly hair . I like to run my fingers through it .
I want my wife to grow as well .
Well , that is just the way it is .
One girl named Michelle , who probably would n't mind being named , spoke up and said she did not believe in it .
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him like last night 's trash .
However , he was a little busy after that .
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him .
If you do eat something like that , then just quit .
It could be that you need to piss or the last dream you had .
If he wants to wear my pants , all he has to do is ask .
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now , then it should be O > K .
I want to try again .
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers .
Lie , lie , lie , and then lie some more .
Wait until you find out for sure first and then proceed from there .
If you two are at a dance , he should not care .
Trust him , do not bring it up again .
Honestly , most girls are waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .
I would love to meet the boys .
I ponder this one every now and then .
I met this man once , very romantic , I met him in a huge rainstorm .
Now some men like girls like that and some do not .
It comes right after three play and before five play .
When I fall in love , I feel stupid .
If you have to ask , then you are not in love .
If you start to feel it comming on , then start the four play again .
I do not understand someone , please give me the answer .
I saved a good $ 500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all .
I just got married and so did he .
Ask a girl about the sympthoms because I am a boy .
Be yourself , that is what girls like at least most of them , but mostly be yourself .
Follow your heart , it is wrong .
They bother you all day long .
See if he calls , e-mails , or even cares .
You can do a civilian arrest .
A spasm in your back usually .
By now , you may love your wife for everything you have endured .
I hope everything goes well .
Say I love you and if you wait to say it back , it tells it all .
Try asking her out again and see what she says .
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
Ask her questions , do not just talk .
When you first fall in love , your gitty , goofy , and silly happy just thinking about that person .
Remember , there is more than one !
I think they look better than a lot of nations out there .
We got married again .
All in all , I do not think it matters .
I am sure as heck not driving five hours just to hang out unless I really really like her .
How often can you have sex with Pam anderson ?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it .
Think about what it brought about .
The thing is , I am a person that does not like to brake others heart .
Give a rose and express your love .
I like nick because I feel cheated with a one .
Remember , death does not do you part .
We always find a life partner because we attract with opposite sides .
What are you talking about ?
If you continue talking to him for another week , he may think he is married to you .
Women do not want much , just some judgement and sometimes help .
At least that is what it seems to me .
Do not be afraid to say no .
You should dump him because there are always more fish in the sea .
To me , it does n't matter , but a full body is very important for me .
Choose the one that adores you the most .
You still released at least a thousand !
You go to a bar and get drunk .
Give it some time and thought .
No , you should not leave them . Just teach them what to do to please you better .
Bembie hit the nail on the head .
No . Men kiss when they are ready .
Julesac is funny , but mean .
If you are asking this , you surely have distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
Do not try to figure it out because that is the way it is .
I do not know , but I know of another website that I go to .
It depends on how much you are starting to have feelings for this boy .
He must be a control freak .
It all depends on the girl or the boy and how interested the girl is in the guy .
Look , try and get out to meet people .
Usually it is multiple things , not just one thing .
If you really really really really really like them .
For the men , do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman ?
If all you do is argue it is not worth it .
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years .
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .
Unless you do not love your husband anymore and you have room for another man ?
Wife , because then you can do more with out committing a sin .
She definitely wants you to think she is attractive , but she does not want that to be reason # 1 .
Some days I want to have sex , others I do not .
Additionally , they are more passionate in love .
If you play with both at the same time , she will probably dislike you .
Because he would not work , hit me , used guilt trips , was a big mama 's boy .
Perhaps because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen .
It really depends if someone is vain or not .
Someone I can be myself with .
Send me your picture and contact me .
Stay away from this guy friend .
The doctor can not even believe it .
Yes , for sure , especially when she throws up .
If not , then do not sweat it !
I could give you some pointers .
If you feel your love is fading , do not just sit there and do nothing .
I will not stay with someone I do not trust .
I only once told a girl that I loved her , and I meant it .
You married him and it was for a reason .
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan yell .
Yes , girl down there , do not have sex .
They accept this in their culture .
Always trail ride with a friend .
Do you all live in one house ?
Move on , so what if he is attractive ? Looks are n't everything .
Most important , just be yourself .
Yes , be disappointed and be mad .
Sorry , I have never felt that way .
I will not like any girl who would make my life difficult .
If he gets them first , you get the popcorn .
If you practice , ask if you are doing well .
If you are certain , then tell your parents if you have not done it yet .
I met mine in a carnival .
It sounds like a rhetorical question .
I believe everyone should keep their own name .
Your first kiss should feel like you are in a van .
There is nothing but trouble there .
How to make a woman happy ? How to make a woman happy ?
Do not do things that can get you hurt .
Of course you will be making more money if you work hard .
Please do not go up to her and tell her how good she looks .
I do not think it is a good idea , you are not there for this purpose .
Go up to her and say , `` Hello , are you single ? ''
I think he would be a great valentine .
Be prepared to let her go .
Rather than just sit there and wait until you are a good one .
Tell them what are they going to do , slap you ?
Get a massage and get away from it all .
Well , if you really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him .
Take them both out at the same time .
It happened to me and I am now dating that person .
There are only two points to make friends .
So you might be over looking the type of men who think the world of you .
Preferrably someone who does not hate you .
We tried to move on , but it did not work .
When will people in this EFFED UP WORLD finally realize this ?
I would not bother calling him back .
Try not to spend time with him and find another guy .
Look for another attractive girl so she will be jealous .
In my opinion , you are not a hoe .
Red is love , black is death , etc .
If she likes him , then she does not like you . It is not his fault that she strays .
For me , anything after three days , I might start to forget about you .
Find a girl who has talets , she also must be prety .
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend .
Start the day off with breakfast out , then perhaps a nice walk .
Then go pick them up if she says yes .
If yes , why do I hear some girl say flowers are not going to last ?
It may be interesting for them .
Could it ever be the same ?
It is not that bad , at least it is not Bella .
Could it be because some men are liars and fat mouths ?
Or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances .
Finally , a culture that has it right .
My twin will not talk or listen to me .
If you want to get something you can not get rid of , go ahead .
Only I am not thinking about him , but I am having dreams about him .
If you are talking ten , then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game .
Go for it and take the chance !
If he can not , then take him to a place where they have slow dances .
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life .
It is your choice not to hate one , I do not want them to say the least .
Never ever get married without a prenup .
Get a life and do not waste mine .
She says you are too good for her ?
Guys come and go , but friends are forever .
It could mean a lot of things .
Yes , it is normal because there are many people who still like some of the people they broke up with .
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this .
Men are stupid . Who knows why they do what they do .
Well , if they gave you their phone number you do not have to wait at all .
They were the masters of the universe .
I am in love and do not care who knows it .
Whatever you do , do not try to have both of them at once .
If you really wanted to be with him , you would not be asking .
Remember , being friends with someone online is okay , but there are limits .
When my sister kisses someone , she closes her eyes to get ready .
Now , I would not marry any women who did not want to change her name , but that is just me .
It is a small party for the family .
Girls are perverts , they just hide it and act like it around other girls .
I am only in fourth grade .
You do what you want .
Do not do that , it will not work .
If they do not , it is time to move on .
He is everything I ever wanted with the looks , money , and stuff .
Yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .
No , she is not a liar .
You can be gay if you want to .
He had his nose pierced .
Yes , I can lift him , he is only 185 pounds .
You need a therapist for that .
Maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking Asian girls .
You should see a shrink .
Giving you stupid excuses and acting the way he did before .
Be strong , and hang in there .
No , he is too big and I am too weak .
Basically , if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or slut , then yes , it is unattractive .
Exchange letters , e-mails , chat online , talk over the phone , send packages , just keep in touch !
Especially if you do not feel like it .
He dribbles , shoots , and scores two points .
Giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .
I can not give you a wife view , but hopefully mine is just as good .
It takes the pressure off of me to ask someone .
It depends on the woman , it is better shaved .
Ask in English terms because they can not understand you .
I am a man , but I will tell you a little .
I like him very much and I want to win him over not push him away .
I really really really like this guy and I do not know if he likes me back .
Your avatar looks familiar .
It has been over six months and I can not seem to get over it .
Maybe he thinks he will be turned down . Just ask , I would .
You need to think about that and that should help you determine if you can trust him .
A picture of a heart with you and her when you both first dated . That is special .
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I get out .
Listen , it is not that easy . I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade , then again in 4th and again in
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed . Is this bad ?
Some men do not like breasts at all .
Is it that she just wants to see other people ?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years .
There was his stop , so he got off the train .
The worst is that she says no . Take a chance and good luck !
I know exactly what I want in a relationship .
I would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask you on a date .
I also hate seeing my father unhappy .
I feel bad because I know that I snore occasionally . Most people do , right ?
I like sos and need to know if I am in love .
If you love each other , then you can work out all the fighting .
Because neither of you have the guts to call it quits .
However , that does not mean that big girls can not be cute .
However , he is getting married this month .
But those guys are jerks and you do not want them .
Say will you go out with me ?
Get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years .
Men have a penis and women have a clitoris .
Ignore the bad thing and move on .
It would be easier to do if I were mad .
If she will tell the administration , I will be expelled because it is Pakistan , not America .
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will .
As I said , he already knows that you like him , so just take a deep breath and ask him .
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and we will find love with one another .
I would be , but I am just married .
Play the field a bit now .
As everyone said , do not get married so early .
I just want to know have you been to the DOC ?
Pay attention to what the other person says .
Talk to your spouse about this .
If you are into sixth graders , you are obviously young .
I was thinking about a medium pink color , but with what ?
Ask if they would like to go somewhere with you .
A trip to an amusement park such as roller coaster or even a theatrical museum .
Do men really prefer larger women ?
The problem is that I really like him .
I would say , they do work out , just not a lot of the times . Hope this helps .
Would I break up with him because of his mother ?
I did this before , and my friend was mad that I deleted him .
I do not think I mind either way .
You could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open .
There are some that do , but you should be able to tel .
Are you talking about your avatar ?
I do not remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her .
I do not know what to do .
Try to be yourself and do not show off .
Take it day by day , step by step . Think of how he lost a good thing .
If only every man knew what women want , the world would be a much happier place .
Use compliments , honesty , and make it about her .
I think that she will crash him .
It simply means that she is really interested in the man .
Please do , I am thinking you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin .
Only now she and I are both divorced .
If he or she wants to see you picture right away , it is sex .
It is better than her giving you a fake phone number to call .
Tell her to move to Massachusetts .
If you feel this strongly about it , then maybe you should not get married .
From the pictures I have seen , I would say Hawaii or the Bahamas .
The man I like is angry at me .
You are thirteen , do not even worry about it .
That way you do not have to worry about calling him too much .
I am a man and let me tell you , we love to chase !
Thank you for the advice in advance .
We always seem to push the ones we love away .
They believe that they can control other peoples lives when they can not .
That is strange , but maybe I should talk to my friend by his locker .
I do not know , how would you like something stuffed up your butt ?
If a man cares , he calls .
What special gift can I give my brother in law for his birthday ?
He probably does not want to either .
Hold her hands , look to her eyes , and say it , but only say it if you really love her .
Some guys do , and some guys do not .
I really want to know , so please help me out .
The timing was not right for it with the old man . You will see !
Generally kind and my fifth : I will just be dissapointed if she is stupid .
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
I do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible ?
If that is what you need to stop , that is disgusting .
Do not let her control your life , she will just have to leave you alone to deal with it .
I have Yahoo email and that works for me .
I would not worry too much about it .
Yes , the trick ass hoe has never had a chance .
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating .
It depends on how old they are .
Any man who is dishonest with himself is dishonest .
If you flirt with him , the challange is not there .
If you need your x emotionally , then you have some troubles .
She does not have to be younger than you .
My be she does not love you , but try to use your brean not your haerd .
If you want your girlfriend forever , then just do not let her know that you want her forever .
There are tons of cheap ideas out there , just find what you like and work with it .
If you are worried about doing it performance wise , do not .
Find a nother girl and if that does not work , move back .
Most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age , give them a try .
If you act like that all the time , she might think you are desperate .
Not everyone on here is in school .
Tell him what you really want . That is what they tell me , but never got to do . Speak up .
Should I make the first move or should I wait for him to make the first move ?
What a typical double standard you have set up !
After a while , you do not even see the color .
I have not tried it yet , but I am still trying to get up the nerve .
If you two are serious , then asking her that question should n't bother her .
Speak to her out what is up with that ?
Would you like to go out with me sometime ?
Look me up if you are ever in Florida .
Those were good times , I tells you .
It is all about her , and no it should not be something that happens on a first date .
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time ?
If he comes to his senses , then great , if not , you should confront him .
You are too good for them .
Should you jump him because she likes him ?
Depending on the age , cds or dvds .
Twenty years down the road , that is all you can be . Start from the beginning .
I would like to visit us . What are the needfull things ?
If you have any suggestions , tips , or general information , please email me back .
You sound like a very lovely person , so do not let some of these women drag you down .
Do not look , just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along .
Do not persue it , he is getting married .
Does clear liquid turn yellow when dry ?
If in your country there is a short messaging system in your cellphone , then find a textmate .
Then when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her in the lipps and then it is up to you .
Please be honest with me , I can handle the truth .
Have fun , and remember to never get so comfortable that you never know what is going to happen next .
It shows how much they care about you .
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her .
Coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk , talk , play in the park , museum , movie matinee , etc .
What you want is a computer , you can find that in any corner of the world .
Now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do .
If it fails , you will be arrested .
It has been the best thing for me .
Try using some of these , but only if they actually apply .
The problem is that he cheated on me repeatedly and it was the worst that he could of done .
If you are happy , she should be happy , unless he is being bad to you .
We like it when men do things for us and think about us .
Maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back .
Tell him that you do not want a real relationship .
If you are creepy and you look , they will all think you are leering .
I do not know about love , but he likes you for sure .
If a man truly respects you , then he will understand .
Ask yourself and decide . If you can afford it , do if you want to .
Because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy .
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good outweighs the bad .
I do not think it is wise to date at work .
You need a class for that !
Let it take it 's course from there .
What do you think about gay marrige or relationshiops ?
Of course , I had to ask him if he was blowing me off .
Men will think you are attractive no matter what .
I do not think that by not having sex with him , he will become unfaithful or leave you .
The safest rules of internet dating are these : 1 . Chat via email and messenger 2 . Chat on the phone .
Marriage is about trusting and communicating .
Ok , so I had this problem as well .
Depending on what you kissed .
It depends on if you could trust him before .
Make sure you do not make her hate you just get your point across to her .
Have you been meeting these Filipinas ?
Would it be considered love if it was considered love ?
That way , you are not exactly telling them what you dislike about them .
If he is , then go for it !
Then see if she is open for a dinner and a movie .
I am sorry , I do not know , and I wish best of luck to both of you .
I find him looking at me every now and then .
This is sin , our selves have started this .
Fun includes eating meals , not breakfast if you understand what I mean .
Make a move if you do not know what to do .
Let him make the first move . If you do , it may make you look like you are in love with him .
You people have no right to get married .
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me as well .
You seem desperate , and you will never find someone if you are desperate .
He claims that we are just friends .
Looks do not matter unless you are trying to prove something .
I know once you have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .
The fact that a man is so self centered is a huge turn off for me .
Do not rush it because all your emotions come together .
It is a two way traffic until you get them . You will know which one it is .
So you have one child out of wedlock .
I know I am overtly picky about people , how can I stop it ?
It hurts . Maybe some girls might say that is it ?
I am going to jump that boy . Is that the right choice ?
So it was a good experience !
If she gets drunk , it is not a turn off .
Because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly .
I would prefer if they left me alone . Sorry , I got off-topic .
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she would like .
You are a man , not a term used lightly .
It is not automatic like MSN or AOL .
That is how they will react to it , so it is a bad situation for you and him .
Go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you .
I too want to smack that smile off her face .
Ask if he wants to dance with you .
Then she might say that it looks ugly . I think a color looks better .
Ask him to see a doctor .
I never went out with him a second time .
Why did you two break up ?
Why wait ? Go ahead and do it .
As long as he does not mind , who 's opinion matters ?
I think I am still in love with him .
I never wanted to have sex again .
The main thing is to not try to get back at the person who wronged you .
If you have to ask other people , I do not think you are ready .
I am a giver , I say those things .
A big savings area is flowers .
Give it six months and see what happens .
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from .
From your list , I would have to choose spiderman .
I was cheated on for three of the years .
All seniors think freshman girls are easy . It is sad , but true .
If he says yes , then you can tell him .
Show her affection and love .
If you have , what was it like ?
Celebrate Valentine 's Day with joy and fun . Give each other gifts and have a fun time .
Any women beside the ugly men will look attractive .
When I moved in , my neighbor asked me out .
You should make a move because he is very shy .
As time goes on , it gets harsher .
Be yourself and say what is going on and you might get a response .
There are many times that you love the guy but do not know if he loves you as well .
If you are talking to your husband or the like , I would say tools , toys for his vehicle , sports related things .
That got me really hot , but I ran off .
I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer .
What size of breast does the average man like ?
Many women 22 are dating men 27 , so the 22 yo men feel insecure and have to fish downstream .
Lust less like you just go out ?
They probably know you can not really hide that , but you should tell your parents .
I will make you princess in planet Kripton .
My last girlfriend 's boyfriend did that to her before we met , and she still kept him .
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone .
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones ?
Tell her , girls like to tell her the truth . Good luck .
We can restle around and be best of friends .
Stay true to your husband , after all , he is the one you said I do to .
Do not listen to these people with their B.S .
Yes , I am a man , so I do not really have to pay .
Remember , noIRD EVER FLEW ON ONE WING .
Just let her know what you feel .
It depends , if you really love him , you will prob think you will want to end it .
If you or the other person is married , run !
No , men do not , but little boys do .
Help me win this debate with her .
My girlfriend is the nuttiest , but I love her anyway .
Simple enough , do like anyone else does . Play with it .
Let him go , if he is ment to be with you , he will come back to you .
After three days of that , my back went out .
Stay alive and get your old life back .
That is why I ask why men do not know what they want with any kind of relationship .
Maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie or something .
Girls do not like men who are all about themselves .
It depends on whether you like either one .
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks .
No , I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them .
Some do , some do not .
Do what makes you happy .
Because for some reason , I can not .
It would have to be love .
You know , try to search for your love , but becareful !
Do not ask her to perform some act for you , make her the spotlight .
Girls are impressed if you show a little care , respect and honesty to them .
Tell the man to leave .
They believe it is the only right way .
Good luck and keep it cool !
That said you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him .
I hate him for it .
Men like this typically become wife beaters if you do not respect them .
First of all , I have four children , so being a homemaker is more work than my job .
No , I have not . I prefer normal-looking men .
It looks like he has feelings for you . Do you show how you feel ?
Everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days .
I have a problem of unloading all my junk up front , and maybe I told this guy too much .
The right date can save money on many things .
If you truly love your man and want to work it out , then tell your X to respect that .
That only makes her easier to bed .
Do not think you should try it .
It is simple . Honesty and love and try to be true with them .
I am hoping for at least 90 % but realistically I think it is more like 70 % or 65 % .
Cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of .
Women also expect men to act like that , so why should they grow up ?
A couple of ways : Get him drunk .
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not .
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys , they are easier to control anyway . Good luck .
You never let a man hurt you .
I am not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl .
I swore I would never get married again .
Pickup lines are tacky , just be yourself and complament her . Women like that .
You will be fine , just have fun !
Not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman .
I love him , but I think I am ready to move on and meet new guys .
So wait for another four years .
I hope I see some of it soon .
I do not want to be mean .
Also , you should wait a while for having kids .
I would like to have some fun with you , that is why I answered this stupid question .
Try to contact their Q & A team . They will help you through . Have a nice day !
Because women do not put out often .
If he insists , it means he is only after sex .
Looks definitely matter , anyone saying they do not is probably lying .
Making love is like living a fantasy .
When you are 18 or 20 because when they say something they do not mean it .
When possible , try to make it yourself .
There is always a but is n't there ?
If she is not interested in you anymore .
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men .
On average , I would say about 45 % at first , but if you get to know the person , maybe 15 %
Play sports with your male friends .
She will tell you if it is not okay .
Do you think women are sexy and beautiful ?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone ?
A sex toy , that way you can both enjoy it .
Men without hair look like little boys to me , and it is not sexy .
I agree , just kiss him and he will respond one way or another .
A good way is to imagine yourself without him or her .
In America , it is not so important .
If it was before you , then he was not cheating at all .
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no ?
Because the white women are taking up all of the men .
Your self image is also important .
Have you ever had a PAP smear ?
Good God , how old are you ?
However , I think they both like me .
Okay , first , it sounds as if you guys are already married .
Yes , jaime is going to ask Rubi out , but it is not your business .
That is a sign , things like that can make it really obvious .
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them .
I would love to hear your opinions on this .
If you like the guy , then go for it .
Having fun with his friends is acceptable .
It is natural with that man .
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing .
No , because I am not married yet .
Let me know what you think , thanks .
If you are gay , be gay .
Good luck and hang in there .
I like older girls , so I think this is sick and wrong that they can not go out with her .
I am curious to what everyone thinks .
My last boyfriend I met was driving round a roundabout in another car .
Because if you do , you will lose your friend over a guy .
It was a casual aside when I said it . I did not think he would remember .
Are you a country girl or a city girl ?
Hang out all day together and to top it off touch his feet .
I am very bored with being single and spending time with other women .
Women are curious about sex with other women , even me !
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing .
I hate it my self , I love the straight ones .
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women .
There are not any words that will make it any better .
Do it before it is too late .
Well , to tell you the truth , you learn , but you have to actually do it .
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums . There are many great resteraunts of hotels .
That is a stereotype . I am not a country girl by the way . I think I am sexy in my own way .
He will not turn you down .
I hope you read this well .
Many men like thick women , most of them are black .
If she is interested , she will call later .
No , you will not because you know he has cheating tendancies .
Ask yourself that , if you know what I mean .
I find if I try hard , I can see things I know are not there normally .
Let 's get coffee and chat and take it from there .
Just move on with your life and not worry about someone else .
I am not sure , but try to e-mail me at ilikETHICKCHIX @ YAHOO.COM and I will be
My boyfriend and I have been going on and on since last year .
I really care about you and I ca n't stop thinking about you .
It is worth the wait when you are ready .
If you do not know , ask someone who would .
Keep away from your fear and tell him .
That is a chance you will have to take .
If you want to be attractive to losers , creeps , and perverts , then drink up !
Not for anything but looking at something .
After I have passed , I still love him .
It is your own life , as you said .
Even in divorce , I am stuck with it .
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is .
Sure , let me know more about you .
When one minute you want to throttle the other person and the next you want to jump their bones .
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality .
People whose parents well take care of them are lazy .
I do not know what she wants .
It is very complacent , tell it again please , but in simple .
Show her what you are good at .
If you can imagine him as the father of your children .
If you do not ask , someone else might .
That is why I am single .
If you really love him , you would let him go .
If she does not want to be with you , try to be her friend .
Well , if he says he does not believe him .
Let 's get it out of limbo .
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams .
I have been with my husband for four years and we were married in December of 2005 .
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now .
You will see that no matter how hurt you are , it is still the simplest reason you smile .
Wow , I did not think Pakistan was that conservative .
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself .
Whatever you do , do not tell him too much .
We can not answer if she really means it .
I do not like a man who does that all the time .
Then you can make an easier decision .
I have had sex with many girls and some where whores .
He dribbles , shoots , and scores two points .
Talk to your best friend and see if it works .
Is this a trick question ?
I do not know , can I do anything about it ?
People are HUSBANDS and WIVES for REASONS !
If he does not , then there are too many fish in the sea .
Do you want to say that ?
If you are not happy , fix it or leave .
Not all men , but some men do .
I agree with Udaman . Good luck girl .
It sounds like you like to reveal yourself to others .
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk .
Sometimes , but you have to observe the one you call your man .
Are you replaying everything you ever did to me ?
Do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring .
I dated a man this past year and he got to a violent point .
Leave it alone . I do not care what she says , she is in enough pain .
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you ?
Find one that loves you as well .
It never hurts to be flirty !
We were hanging out a little .
Do not use pick up lines , that is a turn off .
I love them because I am a man and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance .
Do you think there are more guys out there that love thick women than you think ?
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are just ungrateful .
You need to be with that person , you have found your true love .
I mean really be her friend .
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me ?
You have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him .
They never met , but she says they are in love .
Do not do this over the phone , email , etc .
I am not against gay men and lesbians , they are the best friends a person can have .
I am attracted to a girl and I want to know if she is into me or not .
Death is like a box full of candy corn .
Just try and make the best of what is to come .
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person .
She is the love of my life and I ca n't wait to spend the rest of my life with her .
Because women think with their brains .
I am still in love with my ex and I am angry at my cousin because my ex likes her .
Only time will tell . Spend time with friends and have fun , do not worry about it .
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore unless it is to laugh at all the freaks .
This is what I did , a big mistake on my part .
I have no idea where to begin .
But he chaeted , so I guess I can lift or carry my husband .
If she is calling just to bablle , then tell her to not call you so often .
That is all I have to say .
You should not be asking this question ?
I was also thinking about lime green .
I mean the both of you together .
I have a close female friend .
Wanting to be something they are not ?
Well , if you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night .
I know that is what I love about it .
It depends on the girl . fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair .
I should do that when I am dating next time .
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do .
I really like this guy , and I do not know if it is just a crush or if I love him .
I think the Bomb is much easier .
Not always the easiest , but they have been good years .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
You tell her why you like her .
Did you turn gay or is it a curiosity thing ?
No , not if you have to ask .
The list could go on .
However , he might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming , and teasing .
Do not eat where you take a s*** .
Of course you do want to chat , please email me at fla_cat_blue @ yahoo.com .
When he teases you about the stupid little things .
If you think that he feels the same way about you , why not ?
In my experience , a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other .
They are often worse than men .
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting somebody .
I do not know what you mean .
If you want children , then homemaker .
What is the worst that could happen ?
In addition , a woman with brains is attractive .
His or her intelligence , the way they carry themselves , good looks and activeness .
Yes , and will you pay mine as well ?
Yes , I can say , but yes , I have long black hair and I am proud !
I was not going to let her win .
Chances are , if you like her as a friend , you will like her as more .
Be yourself when you are with her .
Men think that they are special , and that they are only good enough for certain girls .
Find someone you like and say , `` Will you be my valentine ? ''
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers !
If the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
Brokeback Mountain , it is a guy , but at least you will be happy !
Size , shape , looks , ect should not matter at all .
Sex is not the only thing important in life .
You are probably too good for him anyway .
Do you like him or do you not like him ?
Why do n't you just ask her if you can kiss her ?
Would you say that country girls feel more sexy ?
I do not know how old you are , which would help .
Just think about what you like and do it back for them . Kinda like a tounge massage .
Here is my answer : Most men definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone .
Put your cousin in a relationship with your ex-boyfriend .
Does his friends point at you when you are with him ?
Yes , it is possible to enjoy God 's mercy and then receive it .
Now I am thinking of getting it on with a girl .
It depends on if they are brunette or not .
Is she trying to use you ?
You can have a big u-no-what , and suck in bed .
Get rid of the x if you are dating the man you love right now .
It hurt like hell and I bled .
Cuddling , kissing , fondling , playing with each other 's sex organs before sex .
When he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back .
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up .
You are already doing it , so why bother ?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain , it was awesome !
I think you are a nice guy and she loves you very much .
Perhaps you are looking too hard , or maybe you are looking in the wrong places . Sign up for Yahoo Personals .
Only if you want it to be .
If she does not have a reason , then she is not your friend .
You have to find what is right for you and your partner .
You are definitely not a hoe , do not worry .
Girls do not think it is disgusting , they think it is men who are promiscuous .
Do you like Asian food ?
They do not mean to get them pregnant , they just ca n't keep it in their pants because they are overweight .
I like natural or real girls , I do not like fake looking prissy drama queens .
Take on how the world works and their desire to catch up .
That is too many , and selfish , and you are just desperate to keep trying another one , right ?
It is like if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan because you look too fat .
Do you know he loves you ?
My wife forgives me for many things .
First , you order one online and the stork brings one to you .
I would say around three or four .
Imagine that I am that guy and be my girl freind !
Give them a chance to discover you .
It is unusal , but nothing bad .
I still love him , what to do .
Do not stay with him for the baby .
Never ignore her , always listen to her , and when you do , do not change the fact that women hate that .
It can be good , but it can be bad if you take it as good luck .
It is a man thing , live with it .
It sounds like you are going through a lot right now .
Good luck , but do your homework .
Do not come here , it smells like a trap to me .
Just ask any girl passing by , but only in Mexico , not in US .
This woman does not want a bad boy at all .
I need to be happy .
You are so full of it , teasing all these desperate lonely sad sad guys , shame on you .
Sometimes men think they do not need you so much until you are gone .
I can only say , `` Good luck ! ''
You married your husband , hopefully because you love him .
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with compliments . Has anyone ever written one for a special someone ?
Why tie yourself to just one man ?
That is if you both agreed on doing this .
It is like saying , `` What is going to stop me when I have already done it ? ''
He has to start over and earn your trust again .
One side of his family , I met his father .
When we fall in love , they treat us badly . Why are we there ?
I am one of those who want to wait until I am completely in love with someone .
Try the nice way first . Girls hate being ignored .
Keeping secrets only hurts the ones you love .
Some women like big hairy guys , some guys like fat women , and some women like skinny guys .
If they have big breasts and softness , they can not be a soft woman .
Never tell her that she is fat .
You are a mother , act like one .
OTHERS THINK DUE TO SOCIETY DICTATES IT ; I SAY SCREW SOCIETY AND GIVE
Give them two months and they will get over you .
I do not know , but Daniel K has never read manga .
I suppose it is kind of nice , it is like your dad 's blessing all the way .
I like intelligent , fun and attractive women .
Come to my town and I will be your girl .
This generation is simply too stupid .
Yes , it is time to cash in your chips .
They are always in the `` in love '' stage .
I see a malaysia air ad on television and I go gaga .
It was really nice how he asked me out .
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends see if it happens .
This is difficult because there are a lot of temptations out there .
Not what you can become just because she says it too .
The two of you should talk privately and personally . You have to clear each other 's side . Do it now .
Well , the one I liked goes like this .
Do not try to have sex .
Just keep it cool , a little hard to get might help .
If your relationship survive the four seasons , I guess you should be ready .
I married my boyfriend , and do you know why ? Besides love .
Move on and find someone who does not hate you .
You can not , so let 's start asumming it .
Yes , we like flowers , pretty , good smelling ones .
Should I or should n't I ? Younger guy vs older woman .
Yes , those other replies are just cocky , but I am way more happy .
Lime green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding .
If they can not exercise self-control , let them marry .
My boyfriend snores and I have the most terrible time sleeping .
May be you think not , but yes !
We have no room for people like this in our society .
The best way and easiest way is to fly to Las Vegas and get married there .
His answer is good enough for me .
No single man can give you what you really want .
If he does not start acting right , then leave him .
If you are attractive , show him your breasts .
A lot of men like that , just looking for sex .
I mess up a lot at times , but she does not forget .
Wait for him to ask you out , because you are real .
You are asking if you like me .
Whatever you decide , make it completly youRS .
Her parents ? You ca n't fix it , her friends ? Maybe you can talk to them nicely , but , pls specify , why ?
How drunk is this girl ?
Girls love guys with positive self image .
I am doing this just for the points .
If you do n't know anything about each other , you ca n't connect .
If you do , then I would say it was a real and worth realtionship .
However , if you are used to it and you like it , go with it .
It is buy one take one .
Does he always just happen to be staring ?
It sounds like a con , but I am telling you , chicks love it .
You have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better .
However , I always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love .
You just have to make yourself walk away .
In my case , I think 80 %
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss on the forehead .
I can not see my life without my husband .
I do , much prettier and smooth as silk .
Flowers are nice even if they do not last .
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away .
Why do n't you just leave the girl alone ?
Maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you .
I also have not a single girl friend .
Just remeber , let 's go for guys who are themselves and only themselves .
They feel that they are better than women , but there is something wrong .
That does not mean you should let them in .
It is always in the back of my mind .
Does she have other friends to talk to on the phone ?
Getting married and having a child can wait , but studies can not .
You need to do this a few times .
Most teen boys prefer girls that like sex .
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have .
No good or bad is your personal opinion on something .
I do not know what I should do .
Yes , it is a sick habit .
Wait until you get 25 . You would not lose your charm by then .
My boyfriend hates my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him , but I will not .
RELAX AND BE REAL THAT IS WHAT WE LIKE .
I do not think so , maybe they should try taking our last names .
You both should pick either his or hers once you have children .
Of course he wants to go on .
So I guess I choose domestic goddess .
Ask her out after class again .
Life is too short to live it to the fullest and have faith .
I am a man and I too feel so , because I too am .
If you like him that much , break up with him .
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there .
Tell more people .
All my friends want to do is make out .
Also , actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser .
We will not regret it at your service anytime .
You need to reput it and add it back the same as the first time .
You can share this with your mom or dad .
Do not fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the guy above is giving .
You did not want to get hurt unless you know him fairly well .
I prefer A & B cups , myself .
Be her friend first , then see where it goes .
Do not even listen to what people say . Watch how they act .
Do you fall that way ?
If a guy asks you , do not be afraid to say no .
Obviously she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy .
There are many things that make a woman not like sex .
Not all men get bored and move on .
There is no better person to marry than your best friend .
Depending on what you are looking for , freindship only , like .
I did this with my current boyfriend .
It does not mean you can not love another .
Just divorce that man , he has no honour and he does not love you .
Some men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex .
If nothing works , you have to ask him for it again .
It is your PERSONALITY , keep to it , whether a guy goes out with you should not determine how you act .
You have to search yourself for this one .
If the man is worthy enough , you will not need to .
I am confused , I hate the girl to be like that . What shall I do ?
Shop around for invitations and everything else .
He then asked me , `` Can I come with you ? ''
Go with your feelings if you like her so much , then go with it .
I am only myself around men I do not like , and you know the outcome .
I hope you find a nice girl .
I have liked this on a girl since I was in ninth grade .
To all my fellow girls at Cone , a big Hi and hug !
If you like him , then there is a reson .
If going to a movie is special for the two of you , then do that .
It sounds like you wear the pants .
Have you told her that it is irritating with her having to check up on you everyday ?
For the same reason thin girls prefer slender men .
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number .
Go to Hawaii or pay someone .
I do not understand why people think it is wrong .
Keep searching for a believer in romance , she is out there !
If you plan on cheating on your wife , you are a pig and need to be shot .
He already knows that you like him , and has he said anything bad about it ?
Confront him and ask him that way you will know .
It is more of a trust issue .
Never stop trying to impress her .
No , you are punished , and no television for a month .
I think this is better than the one on top of me .
However , that did not bother me because like I said , we were just friends .
Go to school and you can still come home or call your family and friends .
Go with the one that picks on you because nine times out of ten he likes you .
I always felt the same way , but I met my true love and my views changed !
Take baths , know how to speak ?
I like him and he says things like , `` If I were not dating , I would go out with you . ''
Just get rid of him , you will be better off .
The one time in your life to truly live out the true fantasy of love .
People asked me , `` What is the hurry ? ''
Has he just dumped a girl and left before ?
Needless to say , I am 36 now and still in therapy around it .
Do not be one of those controlling baby mamas .
Did you ever think of that ?
It has been half a year , is it normal to still like him ?
Look for a man who is attractive .
It is very sweet and just what you are looking for !
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby 's father ?
No , no , no , it is most disgusting . You are being selfish and ruining your health . Girls just hate it .
Anything bigger than a handful is a waste , probably a size c or d .
I myself believe that they do .
Stop trying to slap it in everyone 's face .
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable .
A man asks me , `` Do you mind if we cuddle ? ''
Ask about the score of the last game ?
Some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage .
I always say that you should n't do things if you will regret them later .
Even the day after would be okay .
All you are missing is a million dollar smile .
I hear you Fountain , the same thing happened to me .
I do not really like girls that much .
Be nice and give eye contact and smile a lot . I hope this helps .
I would wonder why he shaved them , but in the end , they are his legs .
Best of luck to you both .
This is just what I have done many times .
I will go with anything natural than fake . I even hate the word fake .
No , ten years younger , who wants an older woman ?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay .
Many people will tell you no .
There are many clubs in Downtown Houston on any weekend .
Who said women do not feel anything ?
Do not start with her looks .
If they have moved on , then you should too .
Flirt and see how he responds .
I am waiting until I am married , but when is it too far ?
There is nothing wrong with her giving you her number .
You do not have to be overly happy .
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like , `` Go out with me ? ''
Then comes the fun part , he making it up to you .
You should give at least five minutes for kissing and hugging and there may be some licking as well .
I can not help any more unless I have more infor .
Because I say no on avatars .
Some girls prefer gifts that will not die on them , something that lasts .
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all . Flirt back .
I feel goofy , dorky , and happy .
If you are a hoe , then he is one . I personally do not think you are one .
There are some guys that only say the L word if they mean it .
I do not want a trophy girl , I want a companion .
As a man , let me say this .
Be honest , and always believe in yourself . Do not be arrogant . Make good eye contact . Listen to what she has to say .
Then he asked , `` Do you want some of my chapstick ? ''
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone .
Because we love them , it is not until later when we think about it that we realize what we have done .
I would not know because I have the same issue .
What was the mistake that you made ?
It is like breaking a drug habit .
Tell him , and it would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time .
Yes , for the first answer . That girl answered for me .
What about blue and green ?
A life of your own , a life you have been missing out on .
I think you are correct .
Thing is , you do not have to ask her out to go out with her .
Maybe he will call you .
Tell her , but be as polite as possible .
In a park when I was 16 , I lost my virginity .
What man does not like large breasts ?
You should be proud of yourself .
Yes , men work and fix things , but what else can you do ?
We do not know what you look like .
If you could have four qualities in your woman , what would they be ?
Look in the internet and you will find many things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news .
If she sits on your best friend 's lap because she is drunk , then yes , it is a turn off .
See my boyfriend ( go to my 360 ) ?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day .
Well , you and that sexy perfume you wear !
If he is not and you are still not ready , then screw him !
Why do they want it state sanctioned ?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons .
Move on , but you can still love him .
See if he is willing to go out the way for you .
If anyone knows , let me know .
I never knew life could be so good .
He said that he would call me back .
Choose the one you like the most .
Take it off pop up block .
If you truly love him , you will tell him .
Who knows , but I would absolutly love that it be done for me .
What should I do to get her ?
Dude , you have to suck it up and introduce yourself .
There are movies that I have not seen yet .
I think it depends on age , upbringing , etc .
And that will be just sex !
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first , and it is total bliss !
Who gives a crap what anyone else thinks .
Also try getting some blonde highlights .
Just let it out , I use art a lot to vent problems that I have .
If she likes music , make a special cd or tape .
It could be , `` Choose one and why ? ''
Do not worry about what people will say .
I think a lot of girls like flowers .
I can not explain it , and no , it has nothing to do with them looking young , vulnerable or submissive .
Let him go or date his brother .
Yes , there are , you just have to look .
You can get them in condoms for $ 35 .
Your child is going to have a hard time growing up without a father .
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no .
My girlfriend always says she loves me when passing notes during class , but she does not say it confrontationally .
That is correct , the right relationship happened on it 's own .
You will look like an idiot .
No and you should not care . If you like him , then stay with him .
I believe you have your tru self , your self esteem , and self confidance .
Anything that is not nailed down .
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her .
One of my best friends had a relationship with my big sister a few months ago .
Should I just forget about it and move on ?
There are friends on the other hand , that is a different story .
Yes , I do , I think anyone does .
My cousin met up with some wierd old perv saying he was a hot teen that she met online .
None come in my list , so I choose my neighbors wife .
I have long black hair and I love it , and my husband loves it as well .
You care about your family and everyone in your family will love you .
Ugly or fat men just take what they can get .
In the middle of the river while there were people watching , it was quite beautiful .
It is all in the eye contact .
It depends on the guy . Some guys do and some do not .
It gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts .
If you love him and he really loves you , he may want to disapoint his father .
Yes , some men get right down to it with no thought for the woman .
Maybe she is not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was .
It does sound a little girlie .
If you want to enjoy a bit , why do n't you check out some restaurants , night clubs , gyms , etc ?
There are many good women left , you just have to look in the right place .
Hey , it is like everyone is going to be separated some day or the other .
You win some , you lose some . Take it with a grain of salt and be more carefull next time .
Happy birth day to you .
I just need someone to help me figure this out .
Pick the one with the better treatment towards you .
I am into a sixth grade boy as well .
If you end it , he might not be your friend . That is why I do not go with friends .
Stick yourself out there more , you have to do far more than eye contact .
Do what is best for you and he .
Bad teeth , bad breath , and bad bo .
No one needs to know that .
If I am to ask , I will then leave , stop the relationship and move on with my life .
Do not get me wrong .
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes , but he did not act like it .
Where am I going with this ?
Keep getting younger and younger guys , as one gets old , get a new one for her .
You know that if you did not play the guilt trip .
That does not mean it makes it right , it means that it makes us human .
It is a mistake that can not be undone .
Try unwrapping starburst with your tongue and tying cherry stems with your tongue .
Did you catch her looking at you ?
I know three guys that I can probably get away with doing something like that .
Ask her out or tell her you like or admire her .
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that , I say dump him .
If they do not , then you will have to move on with your life .
I have never been to it .
You should complement her , ask her name , do not act weird , act like you are the smoothest guy ever .
She calls him constantly .
How should I approach her and be not just another guy hitting on her ?
Wait a little while , then date guys that way you enjoy it more .
Someone who is never 'bitchy ' just because she thinks it is cool .
Because you do not have any decision power over what to do .
I know , why should I hide it ?
Some men do not like to dance .
Truly , she is not your friend , and she will not stop bugging you .
I wish I had listened to my friends .
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not interested ?
Do I want to be in love ?
Why do they want to be married ?
No brainer . Oh , and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile .
Some women can not seem to find men their own age attractive .
Some do , but I would rather have a pair that were not too big .
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
Yes , it looks very nice on most women .
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other .
Anyway , my question is , will I always feel that way ?
Listen to Faith Hill - Love is not like that . It is a great example .
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt .
The girlfriend should accept that if she loves you .
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs .
If you continue to keep in touch , I do not think that is the best thing to do .
I like this boy austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me .
You are ruining the ROMANCE by asking that stupid question . Have you ever thought of having fun together instead ?
He is a player , no good trust me .
It depends , they all like different people , but not self-centered freaks like you .
I think that is fantastic , maybe you should do the first move .
If he does not respond to you , it is not worth it in the first place .
Simply go up to her .
It is a good idea to always be honest because not many men I know do not like being told they are attractive .
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of chicks .
Just face him and say , `` Hey , I like you . Would you like to see a movie ? ''
That is why they call it making love .
Smile to him once in a while , then he will know .
Most girls are polite , she will answer it .
I would , you sound like my best friend .
Say hello to whatever his name is when you are taking me to dinner .
It really depends on the guy , but I think most guys seriously do not care .
If you want it to work out , it will .
If he does not want to dance , then give it up .
But you know what , I feel the guy should make the first move .
Without a boyfriend , it would be a bit slutty .
Do not take it from a military girl .
You never know , they never show affection only when they want something .
I am 49 years old and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with .
Do you mean seem more sexy ?
Go to deleted items and it should be there .
This is a red flag of how this man is . I am frightened !
It may be because your name is freakgirl , but if you show your face , maybe not hard feelings .
That would be so painful , you know , I have been there done that .
Do you love her in depth ?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate .
No , the only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his girlfriend .
Yes , I have done it . It was a lot of fun .
You should let the person you are with know what you want .
Of course , if she calls five times a day about that , then it would be crazy .
Hang in there for one that helps you .
My mom books them all of the time . pat @ alanatvl.com
Besides , do you think he has enough to worry about ?
I have been dating a man who is younger than me .
Men play at love to get sex , women play at love to get love .
It has to get played out after a while .
Everyone likes to be told that they are attractive , even if they do not admit it .
Yes , but it depends on the man .
Mabey because you just think they look sexy when they are running on the feild .
You are too young to be talking about kissing already .
I will tell her soon because she is my best friend . Any help would be nice .
I agree with the other preson before anyone gets hurt .
I am ready to move on , but I love him way too much .
Go out and do everything you could not when you were with him or her .
Obviously , men are not much better .
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits ?
Play a truth or dare game together .
He sounds like a manipulative jerk .
Slow down the pace , maybe a four-play .
Death is like a big black bag full of drugs or alcohol .
Would you like to kiss me ?
No , you will not , I was married to a complete arsehole .
It sounds like you really love her , no need to forget her .
Tell him that you are only friends and that you are disappointed that he would act so dumb .
It always finds a way to get out in the open , just do not do it !
What is with chest hair ?
As for now , I think he is mad , hurt , upset , and got over you .
Give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike .
No offense , but it sounds like a girls name , but no disrespect intended .
Be cool and ask her on a date .
Well after you take her out , get to know her some and then go for the kill . Ask her out .
People do not like to be played with .
Try to unrap starburst wrappers with your tongue , the girls love it !
I do not know . I just want the points .
That is not exactly true , it is just that most girls are discreet about it .
That bothers me . Are you unattractive with a body ?
I told him it was too late , other than that , I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes .
Believe in is a strange way to put it .
Why ca n't men ( or boys in your case ) ever say the word love ?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all this .
Even though I am 19 years old , I like anything up to 30 .
I had a friend in the same situation .
Girls are just as perverted , trust me .
You should not date a man because you need to .
Dude , what you are saying is that she does not want to be more than a boyfriend and girlfriend ?
Is it about a year before both people begin to feel in control of their lives ?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife .
I think as long as you do not base your relationship on sex , it is okay .
Some men would do that . Why ?
If you are the average guy , your breast size should not matter .
Stay far away from men who can not say I like you .
Yes , ask for permission by all means , and watch how fast she will slap the s -- - out of you .
My husband likes me for myself .
My mother also has cancer and this hits close to home for me .
Be yourself , if he is impressed or likes you , he will talk back .
You do not want anyone else but that person ever .
Why do n't you try chatting or seeing other guys just to catch his reaction ?
However , it is okay to kiss on the first date .
Men have a problem with secrets .
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating ?
How do I kiss him ?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect .
Unless it is with the wrong man .
