He was the captain of a flimsy boat that was practically worthless because it was so small.
Follow her.
Are you begging, brother?
That’s a poor example.
I’d rather be a squawking bird than an animal like you.
You’re a bitter fool.
There was no story, my lord.
What blessed work, my king.
That braggart, punk villain who fights like he learned swordsmanship from a manual!
A fine ship, with some good people in it, I’m sure, smashed to pieces.
Bridegroom?
We need a calendar!
It’s a skull with a scroll in its empty eye socket.
He took aim at a beautiful young virgin who was sitting on a throne in the western part of the world, and he shot his arrow of love well enough to have pierced a hundred thousand hearts.
I bet it’s a challenge.
I have responsibilities in this war, and as the absolute ruler of my kingdom I will carry out my duties as if I were a man.
Let’s go, we’ll obey you.
Some kind of fountain?
His breath stinks.
To celebrate a marriage of true love, and give a gift to the lovers.
That’s a Cornish name.
He could never bear carnation.
He’s a coward, a total coward.
A gullible father and a brother who’s so innocent that he can’t suspect anyone else of wanting to hurt him—these are the two fools I need for my plan to work.
A crow without feathers?
It’s a cup, closed in my true love’s hand?
I’m glad to hear it.
A daughter?
Women are lucky, then.
Something there isn’t a word for.
He’s a devil, a born devil, who can never be trained.
You mean a devil!
I’ll head to France soon.
A dog from that house will make me angry enough to take a stand.
What a pain.
But a dream itself is just a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
Just a bit of my dry humor, sir.
A good name.
A fair woman!
A false conclusion.
A devil like you could lead me to hell.
Nonsense!
Oh, she’s a fine woman!
Start the fire, good Curtis.
No, a flatterer wouldn’t, even if the faults were as huge as Mount Olympus.
An enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country.
My stupid heart, which I’m leaving behind here.
That’s a stupid thing to say.
A fox you’ve trapped And such a daughter Should both be slaughtered, If my fool’s cap is worth a rope to bind them.
It’s a friend of Antony’s.
A friend should put up with his friend’s weaknesses, but you exaggerate mine.
A friend?
A friend.
A friend would never see those faults.
I’ll wear a big sword in my belt, carry a boar-spear in my hand, and hide all my womanish fear in my heart.
Good riddance!—Close the curtains and leave.—I hope everyone who looks like him will make the same choice.
A nice message.
He says more in one minute than he does in a whole month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind doesn’t bend down to choose something worthless.
Even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give way to a royal command.
A good plan, warrior king.
That’s a good way of putting it.
A good fool.
That’s a lame answer.
Even good men have bad luck.
Very impressive.
The moral of this story is that it’s not enough to speak; you have to speak grammatically.
That’s a good thing to put in—it keeps you from getting in trouble with the law.
A veteran commander and a very kind gentleman.
That’s the right attitude.
He’s very bright.
A nice, soft pillow would be a more suitable place to lay that good white head than France’s hard, cold ground.
A witty if a cynical reply.
Good girl, give it to me.
Yes, quite a large one, with many cells and dungeons, Denmark being one of the worst.
A grandmother is loved hardly less than a mother is.
A grave?
Very suspicious.
I’ll give you a greater gift than that, nephew.
A greater gift?
A greater power than we can fight has ruined our plan.
That’s terrible!
I’m dying an innocent woman.
Nothing else, for God’s sake!
What a sad sight!
I’m tired and feeling heavy, but I can’t sleep.
It was obviously a hit.
Today shall always be remembered as a holy day.
He’s subhuman, like an animal.
A horse, a horse, I’d give my kingdom for a horse!
A loud-mouthed, drunken monster.
I’ll bet you a hundred marks, my Kate puts her flat on her back.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous woman, a jealous woman!
A nice stool.
A kind good night to all!
He’s a king, a king!
A king, perhaps— My lord— How is it that the prophet didn’t tell me at the time that I would kill him?
Although many people said she looked like me, she was considered beautiful.
Juliet lies here, and her beauty fills this tomb with light.
A good laugh.
A thin face, which you don’t have; a sleepless, sunken eye, which you don’t have; an irritable temper, which you don’t have; a neglected beard, which you don’t have—but that might not be so telling, since you don’t have much beard anyway.
That was a likely story, that you found it in your room and didn’t know who it belonged to.
A lioness gave birth in the streets, and graves cracked open and thrust out their dead.
A little water will wash away the evidence of our guilt.
A little bit.
He’s a lord to a lord and a man to a man.
A love song, a love song.
A lover would have to be weepier, of course.
It’s a sweet lozenge that you choke on.
She blushes at the slightest thing.
A man is master of his own freedom: time is his only master, and when the right moment comes along, he’ll come or go as he pleases.
You don’t need eyes to see how the world works.
A man no mightier than you or I in ability, yet grown as huge and frightening as tonight’s strange happenings.
A man with a wife like that might ask, “Hey, wandering wit, where are you off to?” Nah, better save the questions for when you find her in your neighbor’s bed.
A man, like you.
A man, sir.
What a man, young lady.
And on their graves, I trust, the story of this day’s work will be written in brass.
He’s a marvelously witty fellow, no doubt, but I’ll outmaneuver him.—Come over here; I’ll whisper a word in your ear.
Good!
It’s a deal!
A beautiful voice, I swear.
That guy’s funny.
A messenger has arrived from Caesar.
It’s a messenger from the warships.
A man of great influence.
They have a massive army.
What a miracle!
He’s dressed like a freak, a total freak, and not at all like a proper footman or a gentleman’s valet.
No lady could be more miserable than I if you two disagree.
I was so crazy myself that I forgot all about him.
A wonderful miracle!
It’s just that my wit is very gentlemanly, Margaret, and refuses to hurt a woman.
Edward’s healing touch is a miracle that I have seen him perform many times during my stay in England.
What a poor, gullible monster.—That was a nice big gulp, monster!
I’m a poor man who’s been humbled by many misfortunes.
What a silly monster, to think a poor drunk is wonderful.
A rotten, foolish monster.
Yes, unfortunately.
No, he was wicked and vile.
A night isn’t much time for addressing matters of this importance.
A duke who is noble in name and character.
He is a noble prisoner!
One of our ships has reported that it saw most of their fleet shipwrecked.
You have the best sorts of happiness to enjoy.
You thug!
A mischievous child.
An annoying schoolboy, unworthy of such an honor, joined by a masquerader and a partier!
A constant pain to me!
More or less.
A piece of ice.
A deed that will make sick men healthy.
May a plague curse both your families.
May a plague strike both your houses.
May a plague strike both your families!
The tyrant I’m serving now can go to hell!
Damn those men shouting down there!
Damn you all!
Curse you all, you’re all murderers and traitors!
It’s a play about ten words long, which is the shortest play I’ve ever heard of.
Noble Buckingham, your promise is like medicine to my ailing heart.
That was a poor unlucky beggar.
This poor virgin isn’t much to look at, sir, but she’s mine.
A pound of human flesh taken isn’t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef.
Damn your wine!
And to hell with drowning yourself!
The privilege of never seeing me again.
He’s an admirable man.
A likely story!
I remember a fight, but not why we were fighting.
What, an argument already?
But gods, you give us faults so we’ll be human.
A beautiful target is the one that gets hit the fastest.
Then you were right on target.
He has a ring of mine, worth forty ducats, and he promised to give me a necklace in exchange for it.
A mature age.
A Roman.
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched away at them.
A second Daniel!—A Daniel, Jew!
The Turkish navy will be broken up.
A ship you sent me to find, to book passage out of here.
A two-hundred-year-old witch sewed it while she was in a fevered trance.
You wouldn’t tell a sick man he “seriously” has to make his will—it would just make him worse.
In a king, the sight is unbearable.
A simple country farmer who brought her figs.
He would just see me for what I am, a person amazed to hear you talking about Naples.
I give you a sister whom I love more than a brother ever loved any sister.
A sleeve?
Let this solemn melody comfort your fevered minds, which are now useless, seething inside your skulls.—All of you stand there in my spell.—
A soothsayer tells you to beware of March 15th.
May a hot southwest wind blow on you and cover you with blisters all over.
He’s too overwhelmed with shame.
I am a spirit, yes, since I have a soul.
A ghost, a ghost!
A spirit?
A sculptor or a painter couldn’t have screwed him up as bad as that, even as an apprentice.
Bring us some wine!
A strange fish.
A governor shines as brightly as a king until a king is near by, and the governor suddenly looks like a nobody.
Get me a surgeon!
A sweet woman!
He was graced with lots of natural gifts, he was young, valiant, wise, and no doubt meant to be king.
A tailor made you.
How can a tailor make a person?
You’ve got something for me?
You couldn’t find a third like these two unless the devil himself turned into a Jew.
Many thanks, Signior Gremio.
A million goodbyes to you.
Leaving you is a thousand times worse than being near you.
Even though it’s early, there are already a thousand armored soldiers waiting for you at the harbor.
The dirt of a grave must cover your sweet eyes!
You got me, I admit it.
It is a trade, sir, that I practice with a clear conscience.
You’re a traveler.
I felt like skipping school, sir.
Often, when I’m dulled by worry and melancholy, he lightens my mood with his merry pranks.
I’ll go for a short walk to calm down my feverish mind.
No, definitely not!
Sneaky, dried-up old coot!
He’s a very dishonest, puny boy, and more cowardly than a rabbit.
A very clear way, but there is no friend who will undertake it.
He’s a stylish man.
A lively young one!
Ah, it’s a sensitive animal, with a good conscience.
He’s very handsome.
An honest guy who’s as poor as the king.
A very nasty meaning.
It’s a very pleasing night to honest men.
A pretty pathetic monster.
A victory in battle is twice as victorious when all the soldiers return home safely.
A knight on a quest?
No, a whole share for me.
It’s born of my  A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
What a tunneler!
He was a wreck, almost past hope.
When we’re faced with a wretched person, bruised and crying with hardship, we try to get them to shush up.
Gracious Lord, blunt the swords of those traitors who mean to tear poor England apart again!
Hate it, fear it, do not come inside.
You horrid slave, you can’t be trained to be good, and you’re capable of anything evil!
Evil villain!
Stay inside.
Shame on you—get on board!
Horrid villain!
It said, “Love me and don’t leave me.” How can you talk about the quality of the poem or the value of the ring?
When you’ve finished, you’ll be a happy man.
Let’s go!
Around nine o'clock, madam.
Go around the forest, moving faster than the wind, and make sure you find Helena of Athens.—She’s lovesick, and her face is pale from all the sighing she’s been doing, because sighing is bad for the blood.
About as old as you are, my lord.
Revenge!
But I’m still fairly high-ranking.
Chat her up, Sir Andrew.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Tell her about my son Paris’s love for her.
Add to these eight thousand four hundred knights, squires, and brave gentlemen, five hundred of whom were given the title of knight only yesterday.
Isn’t he the one who’s always,” and so on.
Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.
Goodbye, Goodbye!
Adieu.
Adieu, good Mr. Depression.
Farewell, good neighbor.
Good-bye, good Queen.
Good-bye!
Good-bye, noble Agrippa.
Good-bye, until you return tonight.
Goodbye.
Good-bye.
Goodbye.
Believe it.
Adieu.
Adultery?
Strategy makes a better soldier than haste.
Tell the Duke of Albany to prepare for war immediately.
Tell your men as much.
Think about it.
The heart won’t be reasoned with.
Affection!” That’s nothing!
After a little while, I’ll beat him too.
You can take your chances after dinner.
Go after her, go.
Twenty thousand crowns now, and half my lands after my death.
After such a long period of grief, we will have such a celebration!
Let George Stanley die after the battle.
Again!
The devil must be behind this.
Against my brother Lucius?
Why would you have me betray the truth of my emotions and make my love wander in some other direction?
Against my will, I’ve been told to bring you in to dinner.” There’s a double meaning in that.
Against my will, I’ve been told to bring you in to dinner.
Age won’t wither her, and her charms are so varied that she never grows boring.
Our era should be ashamed!
Ah ha!
I did them for Edward’s sake—and look how he rewards me.—Oh God, if my prayers don’t satisfy you, and you have to avenge the wrongs I’ve done, at least punish me alone!
Oh my!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh Buckingham, now I’m going to test to see if you’re truly made of gold.
Oh, but I think of him more highly than I say I do—and I wish he looked worse in other women’s eyes.
Oh, cut my bodice-staps so that my pent-up heart can have some room to breathe, or I’ll faint from this deadly news!
Ah, dear, if that is true, let heaven make poisonous hail grow from my heart, and let the first hailstone drop down my throat.
Leave me alone, Desdemona, go away!
Ah, don’t tear yourself away from me!
My poor husband, my dear Edward!
Our poor father, Clarence!
Oh, good Demetrius, will you find him for me?
Ah, my lord, this prince is nothing like Edward!
But he’s young, and as long as he’s too young to become king, Richard, the duke of Gloucester, has power over him.
Oh, the man who avenged her could ask anything of me!
Ah, Juliet if you’re as happy as I am, and you’re better with words, tell me about the happiness you imagine we’ll have in our marriage.
Ah, leave it alone.
Oh, Luciana, did he tempt you like that?
My back aches too—
You think I’m a sponge, my lord?
Ah, my poor princes!
If your gentle souls are still flying in the air and have not yet landed where they will remain forever, hover around me with your airy wings and hear your mother’s lament.
The poor thing, he is so shaken with a fever that it’s terrible to see.
And Rosencrantz!
Oh, sir, someone would think I was a good fake.
Ah, soldier!
Ah, good old Kent said this would happen—that poor, banished man.
Yes, and that’s a serious failing.
Oh, you should have done it without telling me!
Ah, you sorceress!
Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father he is.
He’s dead.
Ah, where’s my servant?—Give me some brandy.—These griefs, these pains, these sorrows make me old.
Ah, ladies, ladies!
Ah-ha!
Heaven help me, I don’t know you, sir.
What an awful day!
Curse the day!
Curse the day!
Sadly, it’s the king that’s missing.
Oh, how awful!
Oh, oh, Edmund, I don’t like this monstrous business.
Terrible.
Oh, oh!
Ah, how pitiful!
How awful!
Unfortunately, I love myself.
That’s not your fault!
Oh, my lord, what do you mean by that?
You, my earthly moon, are now eclipsed, and that alone foretells my ruin.
Oh, the poor man!
But sir, he’s crazy.
Sir, I’m half-blind.
But you can’t see where you’re going, sir.
Oh God, what a heinous sinner I am, being ashamed to be my father’s child!
What’s that noise?
God, what a burden on you I must have been!
Oh, why is this so?
My sons Edward and Clarence!
Oh God, Iago, what can I do to win my husband back again?
Now, please, I beg you, don’t work so hard.
Curse the day this happened, but it did.
Oh no!
What a day this is!
How tragic!
Oh, it’s too bad!
Sadness and despair!
No, lieutenant—God, gentlemen—Help—Lieutenant—sir, Montano—Help, men!—The night guard is coming!
Oh no, good Cassio!
Oh, no, good gentleman!
I know how  Too light for a lout like you to catch—though no lighter than I should be.
He’s fainted!
Oh, he’s been betrayed, and I’ve been ruined.
Alas, he is too young.
How dangerous to have this madman on the loose!
Alas, I am the mother of all these others' griefs.
Alas, I hate myself instead, because of the hateful deeds I’ve committed.
I gave it to Dromio, who rushed in for it.
That’s too bad, because I spent a long time memorizing it, and it’s poetic.
He called her a whore so many times, and heaped up so much abuse on her that good people can’t stand to hear it.
I’m sorry, Malvolio, but this isn’t my writing, though I admit it looks like mine.
Oh, my liege, my wife died tonight.
Alas, my lord, your confidence is getting the better of your wisdom.
The poor thing!
Alas, our poor country!
Ah, poor ghost!
Poor Harry of England!
Oh, the poor bird.
The poor thing, I really think she loves me.
Oh, poor Romeo!
Oh, poor shepherd!
Alas, she has been too long exiled from France, whose crops all lie in heaps, rotting with ripeness.
Please, sir, be quiet.
I have promissory notes from Florence that I have to deliver.
It’s too bad their beauty fades right when it reaches perfection!
Oh, here comes the storm again.
It’s as all-consuming and insatiable as the sea, and it can swallow as much as the sea can.
Is that how the law sees it?
Alas, you misunderstood everything!
Too quickly, we boarded a ship.
Oh Lord, who’s that crying?
But what danger we’ll put ourselves in, two young, innocent women traveling so far!
What’s he talking about?
Have I done something to offend you without knowing it?
What’s the matter?
My God, who knows?
Why are you chewing on your lower lip like that?
Alas, why would you heap all these responsibilities on me?
Alas, you don’t know.
Oh, dear!
Although you deserve praise, applause, and love, right now the duke misconstrues everything you’ve done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his angers and his moods and his displeasures and his indignations, and also being a little the worse for drink, killed his best friend Cleitus in a drunken rage, see.
Alexas!
He’s alive and victorious, and Mercutio’s dead?
Then I’ll water all those precious herbs with my tears to make them grow.
Everyone except the sailors dove into the sea, leaving behind the ship that I had set on fire.
Everyone’s there except Metellus Cimber, and he’s gone to look for you at your house.
Is it all come to this?
I wish you all the comfort that such a dark night as this can offer, noble father-in-law.
They’re all dead.
On this hill and in despair, with his slave Pindarus.
Just watch!
All to our advantage.
We’re absolutely not here to delight you.
Humble greetings, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
There’ll be hell to pay for this.
Everything is a sick joke.
All the rumors have been confirmed.
All is lost!
Something’s wrong.
His running away has everything to do with fear and nothing to do with love.
It’s no use!
Everything may still be all right.
So, if all turns out fine, as you say, it’s more than we deserve or I expect.
Everyone says you can’t make up your mind.
I’d like to think all men have some hope.
Men’s faces are truthful, whatever their hands do.
All my pretty little children?
I hope all reports about me simply tell the truth, no more or less.
Am I all alone?
All of us have reason to mourn the dimming of our shining star the king.
There will be a feast from five o'clock until eleven.
and patches of righteousness.
I’ll forbid all ships from leaving our harbors.
Everything’s ready.
Our friendship in our schooldays, our childhood innocence?
I could drown the world.
Strange and terrible events are all welcome, but I despise comforts.
Everyone join hands.
Everyone can see that, and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery now.
All that glitters is not gold— You’ve often heard that said.
All I wanted to tell you is that the lantern is the moon, I’m the man in the moon, this thornbush is my thornbush, and this dog is my dog.
All I’ll tell you is that the duke has had dinner already.
Everything we’ve heard is bad.
I’ll take all who served Brutus into my service.
Well that’s good.
All the rest of the conspirators acted out of jealousy of great Caesar.
Tell her that the entire East shall call her Queen.” Then he nodded and solemnly mounted an armored warhorse, which neighed so loudly it effectively silenced anything I might have said in reply.
All the perfumes of Arabia couldn’t make my little hand smell better.
All the most beautiful paintings Are black when compared to Rosalind.
He can’t bear his grief and so he’s losing his mind.
The whole world wants her.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women merely actors.
Everything that belongs to them is yours.
All these aging faculties tell me—and I cannot be wrong—that you are my son, Antipholus.
We’re ready if our minds are ready.
Everything would be produced without labor, and would be shared by all.
Everything will be all right.
We chase everything in life more excitedly than we actually enjoy it when we get it.
I can confirm that all these shocking things are true.
All this so suddenly?—Edmund, what’s going on?
When you’ve finished all this, return to the porch of Pompey’s theater, where you’ll find us.
All this is comforting news.
Yes, that’s all true—but what do you mean by it, my lord?
My sister is all those things, or else she should be.
All this”?
All three of us will marry now in death.
All three of them are crazy with despair.
The bitter one is the other one—that’s you.LEAR Are you calling me a fool, boy?
Oh, so you’d give me all your tediousness?
This place is full of trouble, torments, and amazements.
Othello isn’t any of those things.
And I will spend our time apart on my knees, praying for you.
Those are the things we pine for now.
I’m sure everything will be fine.
Any trick that works is good for me.
Oh my God, what a terrible world this is!
Absolutely everything.
All of them?
Now all is for nothing.
Everything is gloomy, dark, and dreadful.
It’s as silent as a graveyard here.
It doesn’t matter.
Everything’s fine, now, sweetheart.
Everything’s OK.
It’s too frightened to look at itself.
It’s almost morning.
He couldn’t eat without me talking about it.
One of them was a man named Pinch: a hungry, narrow-faced villain; a skeleton; a fraud; a raggedy magician and fortune-teller; a needy, hollow-eyed, emaciated wretch; a walking corpse.
Another case: King Lewis the Tenth, who was sole heir to the usurper Capet, could not rest easy as king until he was assured that Queen Isabel, his grandmother, was a direct descendent of the Lady Ermengare, daughter of the aforementioned Charles duke of Lorraine, by which marriage the line of Charles the Great was reunited with the throne of France.
Sure, I hate her, but I wouldn’t hurt her.
Although you bring me joy, I can’t take joy in this exchange of promises tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Welcome, gentlemen.
Am I Dromio?
Am I on earth, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I really like one of those guys?
Am I myself?
Isn’t my fortune just a little better than hers?
Aren’t the others waiting for me, Cinna?
Are the others waiting?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name, Iago?
Because of me?
I’ll
Am I your servant?
I’m Christopher Sly, son of old Sly of Barton-on-Heath, a peddler by birth, a  Oh, this is why your poor wife is mourning!
Aren’t I your Rosalind?
Startle even the sky with the sound of your lances cracking.
Ambassadors of Harry, king of England, request a hearing with your Majesty.
Ambition shouldn’t be so soft.
Amen to that!
Amen to that.
Amen, amen.
It’s good if you love Hero, because she’s worthy of your love.
Amen to that!
Amen to that, from the bottom of my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen!
I’ll have to do something courageous then, because I hate intrigue.
If it were me, I’d be very upset too.
An awful monster!
A snake did do it, because no snake ever had a more forked, lying tongue than you have.
Pardon me but I do not know what is “like me.” An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
These two people are as identical as two halves of an apple.
Madam, an eagle does not have eyes as green, as quick, and as fair as the eyes of Paris.
An Englishman?
An evil soul using a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you.
If he did that, it would be a charitable deed to hang him.
If he says anything against me, I’ll humble him, even if he were stronger than he is—and twenty punks like him.
He’s an honest man who detests evil actions.
He’s honest, he’s got to speak the truth.
An honest tale succeeds best when it is told simply.
I swear I will— Come on, let’s go see what happens.
If I’d been a common laborer and hadn’t taken him up on his offer, to hell with me.
In that case, if I can wear a mask, let me play Thisbe too!
If I live to see you get married someday, all my wishes will come true.
If I were in the habit of fighting the way you are, my life insurance rates would be sky high.
And if he advances unopposed, my lord, let us abandon France.
If he hears you, you’ll make him angry.
What if I am?
If I told you that, what would I get out of it?
If there’s enough wind for a ship to sail out tonight, I won’t spend tonight in this town.
Well, I hope not.
If you could, you couldn’t bring him back to life.
If you’re as good at pleading to them as I am at saying no to you, this will definitely come to a happy end.
If your wife’s not a madwoman, and you tell her how much I deserve this ring, she won’t stay angry at you forever if you give it to me.
What a farce!
But she’s modest and ladylike too.
Too bad it fell flat.
But tell me, how is your cousin?
That’s an oath of great power, and our fury must subside.
But I made an oath, an oath, an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is never that generous, my boy.
If it pleases your Majesty, let his neck pay the price, if there is any martial law in the world.
If you like, Brakenbury, you can listen to anything we say.
I’ll be damned if the duke wouldn’t have given him six pence a day for playing Pyramus.
And if anything important happens, find me and let me know.
If they aren’t, they can go hang themselves by their own laces!
If people take what he says, fine.
If they’d put you in the stocks for asking that question, you would’ve deserved it.
If you let her go this easily, Sir Andrew, you don’t deserve to ever use your sword again.
If we look like musicians to you, you can expect to hear nothing but noise.
An illicit kiss!
If we don’t, it’ll be the biggest disappointment of our lives.
If you act like my daughter, I’ll marry you to my friend.
If you lie, boy, we’ll have you whipped.
Let’s go for it.
If you leave like this, my dear, I won’t ever use my sword again.
If you won’t listen to reason, I’ll have to die.
If you want things done in the right way, you’ll have to let me read a crazy letter in a crazy voice.
Sir, it’s a troupe of actors who want to perform for your Lordship.
If it pleases your Majesty, it is the token of a man I must fight with, if he’s still alive.
Ensign, what’s he doing in there?
And it’s too bad that the Moor chose a man with such a deep-rooted drinking problem as his second-in-command.
And he had a chain that once belonged to you hanging around his neck.
He’s a good soldier too, lady.
And as wise as a goose.
And a true lover of the holy Church.
And after that he came back here looking so serious?
For Hecuba!
And has my armor been put in my tent?
And all my children?
She is in a better place.
Now the only person I love, and believe in, and want to look at, is Helena.
Have you forgotten who I am?
And a bad singer, my lord.
And there’s another storm brewing—I can hear it in the way the wind whistles.
And you’re my husband, right?
And go away, witch, go away.
And now you’ve changed?
Are you really alive, Stephano?
In the meantime, come home with me, and when the time is right I’ll take you to talk to him.
And since I wooed her in your name, I’ll join you in disgracing her.
children have lost—or no longer have time to learn—skills that should be a credit to our country.
As his body grows uglier with age, his mind rots away as well.
And I wouldn’t ask for any dowry except for her to play another trick like this one.
And when she was here recently she flirted with Edmund and gave him significant glances.
And you told me to bury my love.
And be a happy mother by doing so.
And is everyone who swears and lies a traitor?
And, make no mistake, you’ll find, as we his subjects have, an amazing difference between the king as a young man and the way he is now.
But don’t be easily won over.
And don’t be suspicious of me, noble Brutus.
Did he beg my pardon?
And Benedick is not the worst husband I can think of.
And request that she come here.
And brief, good mother—I’m in a hurry.
And buried, noble Tyrrel?
Unless I am mistaken, Signior Baptista may remember me from the Pegasus in Genoa, where we both stayed twenty years ago.
This would be enough to make my husband suspect me, if he wasn’t so free of jealousy.
And by all means see if you can get the young man to answer it.
The more she
I will go out.
And didn’t I finally arrive to comfort you?
And you can’t put your heads together and figure out why he’s acting so dazed and confused, ruining his peace and quiet with such dangerous displays of lunacy?
And Cassio’s killed?
And Cassius too.
And they’ve got their swords unsheathed!
Now you say it was “Knock at the gate”?
And return to us immediately, bringing Messala with you.
He cried out, “Wait for me, dear cousin.
With crisscrossed laces?
And death, not Romeo, can take my virginity!
And I departed in a rage, right?
And she screamed at me, right?
And didn’t they place the wreath of victory on my brow and order me to give it to you?
And did they ask you to tell Beatrice about this, madam?
And did you leave him like this?
And did you see the handkerchief?
They sing when they die.
And that’s how she died?
He died on Viola’s thirteenth birthday.
Ranting and raving to my own shadow!
Then do so, with all your heart.
And still do, I swear by my hands.
And now you toss flowers in the path of Caesar, who comes in triumph over Pompey’s defeated sons?
Is it out of lust?
All this suggests that she has a good reason for doing this to you.
Kingly power seems most like God’s power when the king mixes mercy with justice.
And before I make her normal again—I can cure her by treating her with another plant—I’ll make her give me that little boy as my page.
Yes, but that makes me love you even more.
But as of right this second all these things are yours.
then I hope I have a life of misery!
Everything that made me worry about my ships would make me sad.
She’s beautiful, if my eyes can see.
I’m sure you do.
Clever lies.
joy except my love for you, and I find that only your majesty’s love makes me happy.
Did he stare at you?
And let me kill Cassio.
As for his cowardliness, ask Fabian.
And as for his dreams, I’m surprised he’s so foolish as to trust the fantasies of a restless night.
And because I know how fond she is of music, playing her instruments, and poetry, I plan to hire live-in tutors for her.
As for myself, I didn’t dare laugh, for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the stinking air.
And I hope you won’t think badly of me.
They say they have letters for you.
He thinks “G” is me.
But don’t kill my sister and her royal sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our blood, which is being spilled unjustly, as you know.
And as for what I promised to you, I’m as good as my word.
As for the Jew’s contract, don’t let it be a factor in your plans.
And to make it even clearer, we can tell them that I’m playing Pyramus but I’m not really Pyramus—really, I’m Bottom the weaver.
As for the rest of the ships, I scattered them, and they’ve gathered again in the Mediterranean, sailing sadly home to Naples, believing that they witnessed the shipwreck and death of their great king.
And for the sake of those you grieve for, do me a favor: tell me the full story of what has happened to you and them, up to this point.
With those plays in mind, we hope you’ll receive this one kindly.
For three months.
And he’s friendly with Caesar.
I’ll leave now, to set all these things right.
And from now on, when you get hot with me, I’ll assume it’s your mother speaking and leave it at that.
From the Earth’s womb, many different sorts of plants and animals come forth, and the Earth provides her children with many excellent forms of nourishment.
And now I’m going to leave your despised company.
For God knows how many healthy men will shed their blood in support of whatever you persuade me to do.
The sun will never be seen by such royal eyes again.
Oh, and monsieur, be careful not to break the honey-sac.
And he challenged you to a duel?
And he’s made the holiest vows to me, to back up what he says.
And don’t we have passions, and a taste for fun, and weaknesses, just like men?
And you have mercy on me too!
Once he’s carried our treasure where we want it, we’ll free him of the load and turn him loose like a jackass, to shake his ears and graze in the public pastures.
And he told us to follow him to the temple.
And his voice is the paramour of sweetness.
And the one who commands us is our king.
He who will not follow me now, let him depart and stand in the doorway like a pimp, cap in hand, while some slave, no nobler than my dog, violates his daughter.
And now he’s gone.
And her sister’s dead too, poisoned by your wife.
And here I am, going crazy in the middle of the woods because I can’t find my Hermia.
And here he is.
I have already condemned and excused myself.
And I see a lot of Orlando here.
And here’s my mistress, Titania.
Everything depends on this: either be out of here before the night watchmen take their positions, or leave in disguise after daybreak.
I’ll rest here.
This is the perfect place to rehearse.
And here’s Regan, whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart.
And here’s another poem, which I stole from my cousin’s pocket—in her handwriting and all about her adoration for Benedick.
Yes, and his relative, too.
His kiss is as holy as bread blessed by a priest.
In his ignorant jealousy, he’ll totally misunderstand Cassio’s smiles, gestures, and jokes.—How are you, lieutenant?
What do you mean, beside yourself?
And how did you get in here?
And does this prospect of good fortune make you happy?
How is she doing?
And you,  And how are you liking the shepherd’s life, Master Touchstone?
Exactly how long is that, do you think?
And how was that one settled?
And yet I think you look with your eyes just like every other woman does.
And I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus.
And I get sick when I can’t look at you.
And I’m such a sensitive ass that if my hair even tickles me a little, I need to scratch.
And I saw her do it.
And I am your Rosalind.
Because if that’s the case, I will tell you a plan that will get rid of your enemy and bring you closer to me.
And I will give you some more.
And I love Hastings with all my heart.
And I beg you, please come here again tomorrow.
I beg you to pay a visit right away to my son, who’s changed too much.
I do believe your Majesty takes no shame in wearing the leek on Saint Davy’s Day.
I hope to see good days—and many of them.
And I know that by now they’re waiting for me on the porch outside Pompey’s theater.
If we have sweet-smelling breath, I’m sure they’ll say “it’s a sweet play.” Now no more talking.
And I think she’s at least thirty.
And I believe—unless this brain of mine is not so politically cunning as it used to be—that I’ve found out why Hamlet’s gone crazy.
And I see her also through the eyes of love.
And like I am for Ganymede.
And like I am for no woman.
And like I am for Rosalind.
And I’ve been avoiding him all day.
And I’ve built two chapels where solemn priests sing continually for Richard’s soul.
I heard that Apollodorus carried—   What did he carry, please?
And I have met a gentleman who promises to help me find a good music tutor to instruct our lady love.
That’s true, and with good reason.
It has hatched a    I go unwillingly.
I don’t even know how much I’m spending to find them.
And I know that unless the law intervenes, it’ll be bad news for poor Antonio.
Me too.
And I had to be away!
In return, I must clear the sea of pirates and send tributes of wheat to Rome.
I wish them all safe trips home.
Now, tell me—which of my bad qualities did you fall in love with first?
I remember kissing her washing stick and the cow’s udders that her pretty, chapped hands had milked.
I remember wooing a pea plant in her name, and then taking two pea pods and begging her to wear them “for my sake.” Those of us who are really in love will do the strangest things.
I work for Titania, the Fairy Queen, and organize fairy dances for her in the grass.
And as king I’ll love you forever.
And I think this is his house.
And I was just going to yours.
And I’ll turn you into a spirit like us, so you won’t die as humans do.—Come here, Peaseblossom, Cobweb, Moth, and Mustardseed!
And I’ll sing it for the duke in the intermission of a play.
And I came with him.
It’s too bad I’m so hard-hearted, because I really don’t love anyone.
In saving you I consider myself well paid.
And I would die a thousand deaths cheerfully, if it made your life easier.
Me too, my lord.
And me, too, my royal sovereign.
Me too.
And me too.
And after this I’ll be good and hope you forgive me.
And I’ll go to bed at noon.
And I’m going to sleep.
I’ll forget that I have any home besides this spot right here.
If I can’t do it myself, I’ll find someone who can.
And if it doesn’t go well, then you can keep her hidden in a nunnery, the best place for someone with her kind of dirtied reputation—away from the public’s eyes, tongues, mind, and insults.
As long as it’s honorable, you can be sure that I’ll let you use all my money and do everything I can to help you.
And if he doesn’t deserve this joy on earth, he’ll never deserve it in heaven.
And if you rattle on about mountains, then let them throw millions of acres over us.
And if I, your poor devoted servant, may ask you for one small favor, you will guarantee my happiness forever.
And if our navy wins tomorrow, no doubt our army will do their part.
If you leave me like this, you’re doing me wrong.
And if you treat us badly, won’t we try to get revenge?
And if your love can produce something from its sadness, write a poem for her; hang it on her grave and sing it to her bones.
And in public too.
And, just in time, here comes the sweaty lord.
And here comes the warden, just in time.
And just in time, here he comes with Sir Richard Ratcliffe.
You should say, “I sort of know him, but not well.
Baby blooms are most susceptible to disease.
And in the morning I’ll take you to your ship and we’ll sail to Naples, where I hope to see this loving couple married.
Early in the morning we’ll both rush to Belmont.
That wicked Jew got the duke to listen to his complaints.
I became his guide, I led him and begged for him, and kept him from suicide.
And our drunkenness does detract from our achievements, as great as they are, and lessens our reputations.
Big, round tears ran piteously down the animal’s innocent nose.
And wouldn’t I be damned if I let this monster live to do more harm?
Is he man enough at this point to face off with Tybalt?
Then isn’t it just the right dish for a sweet goose?
And is it healthy to walk uncovered and breathe in the dampness of the morning?
Is this really happening?
And isn’t a sheep’s grease as wholesome as a man’s sweat?
Yes, and that’s surprising, because lovers are usually early.
And it’s too bad, Brutus, that you don’t have any mirrors that could display your hidden excellence to yourself.
He wants the child for himself, to accompany him on his wanderings through the wild forests.
And it’s good to have joy in such a joyless time.
The senate has decided to give mighty Caesar a crown today.
That’s the way of the world.
You’ll soon be meeting Lorenzo at supper; he’ll be a guest of your new master.
And so the Jew may lawfully claim a pound of flesh nearest the merchant’s heart, to be cut off by him.—But please have mercy.
And leave you out?
And leave us, Publius, in case the people storming us should harm you.
of her father.
He can hold his fingers in a V-shape like this, and Pyramus and Thisbe can whisper to each other through that little crack.
And I hope he’s studying his music like he’s supposed to.
And make sure the servants are less friendly to his knights.
I’d rather overload my liver with wine than starve my heart by denying myself fun.
And let no one suffer for this deed except us, the perpetrators.
Let’s be angry only long enough to do the deed, and then let’s act like we’re disgusted by what we had to do.
And let the wise man run away.
Make sure that the clowns do not ad-lib, since some of them will make certain dumb audience members laugh mindlessly at them, while an important issue in the play needs to be addressed.
Let’s do it with no show of anxiety—no, with no more fear than if we’d heard that the English were busying themselves with folk dancing.
And let us swear to our resolution.
And servants of the Danish king.
You’ll find I’ll give it to you very willingly.
And when I’m king, remember to ask me for the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it, which my brother the king used to own.
And make sure to carry a prayer book in your hand and to stand between two priests, okay?
And look, here’s Publius, come to fetch me.
And lovers' hours are a hundred and sixty times longer than normal ones!
Haven’t you made your other love, Demetrius—who kicked me with his foot not long ago—call me a goddess and a divine, rare, precious, heavenly creature?
Young girls call it “love-in-idleness.” Bring me that flower.
And weren’t you the one who made him cheat on all of his other girlfriends, like Aegles, Ariadne, and Antiopa?
Oh, and young men never die?
I hope you’re an expert in your field.
But how?
You may do whatever you want in the world.
Me too, Lord!
And mine say a hundred and forty.
I will too.
And like mine, but I’m getting a little tired of it.
Mine too, to join hers.
And mine say two hundred.
Like a good doctor.
And no one eat any onions or garlic.
And you can do poor things that lead to rich results.
And does she have to die for this?
And should everyone who makes promises and breaks them be hanged?
And my heart too.
And I’ll help you.
My deep trust in him made him deeply untrustworthy, arousing in him a treachery as big as my trust was—my trust which had no limit, an infinite confidence.
And I’ll neigh like a horse and bark like a hound and grunt like a pig and roar like a bear and burn like a fire at every turn.
Neither of them would take anything but the two rings.
Or in the power of reason.
We haven’t been able to meet on a hill or in a valley, in the forest or a meadow, by a pebbly fountain or a rushing stream, or on the beach by the ocean without you disturbing us.
And you’re not to utter a syllable of Tranio’s name.
Damn it!
Now come sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies, enchanting everything you put in.
Now get on with your story.
Now that I think about it, Maria was the one who first told me you were insane.
And now that I have the boy, I’ll undo the spell that makes her vision so disgustingly wrong.
And now I’ll do it.
Now that I think about it, I really want it.
Now they’ve turned around and are clearly heading for Cyprus.
And now, let’s turn to our business with the French.
And now who but you knows whether I’m yours?
And now you know my meaning.
And now, my friends, my courageous and educated friends, do me one small favor.
But please, father—the question is still nagging at me—why did you conjure up this storm?
And you deadly cannons that roar like thunderbolts thrown by the gods, goodbye!
And hot as ginger.
And women.
That’s the weakness I’ll use to get revenge on him.
And when he strikes back at you, he’ll hit you as sure as you’re standing there.
I know him; he wears a lock of hair.
Yes, as safe as her brothers' lives were.
But if you’d be willing to shoot another arrow the same way you shot the first, I’ll watch your arrow more carefully this time.
I’ll bandage up these wounds and swear I got them in the French wars.
But a stronger pity, for the wrongs committed against Rome, drove out our pity for Caesar, as fire drives out fire, and so we killed him.
Pluck off colorful butterfly wings, and use them to fan moonbeams away from his eyes as he sleeps.
He locks himself up alone in his bedroom, shuts his windows to keep out the beautiful daylight, and makes himself an artificial night.
down, and then say also that in Aleppo I once saw a Turk beating a Venetian, so I grabbed the Turk by the throat and hit him like this.
And yet you say that exile is not death?
He’s given me a second life, and marrying her makes him a second father to me.
And have I ever seemed less than modest or appropriate to you?
Shall I include hell as well?
And shall our lively blood, quickened by wine, be so frosty?
And you will be, or some people here will suffer for it.
Yes, we will.
And Juliet’s just as much in love as he, but she has even less opportunity to meet her lover.
And she can cry, sir—oh, how she can cry!
The moon sets at twelve, right?
And she is very smart.
She’s mine, and I’m giving her to Demetrius.
The woman I love is beautiful.
Very obedient—keep crying.—Concerning this—oh, what fake emotion!—I am being ordered home—Get away from me, I’ll send for you later.—Sir, I’ll obey the order and return to Venice.
And since our quarrel is with his future behavior, not what he does now, I must frame the argument like this: if his position is furthered, his character will fulfill these predictions.
And since you know you can see yourself best by reflection, I’ll be your mirror and show you, without exaggeration, things inside you that you can’t see.
And smelled like that, too?
So goodbye, my lady.
Farewell, sir.
And I for no woman.
And I for Rosalind.
I’ll be right here, silent.
Me too—otherwise I would have had to duel with Claudio.
So did I.
Me too, lieutenant.
So will I.
Mine, too.
That’s how it will be for some other men, too, who think they’re as safe as you and I, who are well-loved by noble Richard and Buckingham.
And so far I’m pleased with the way things have turned out, since I find all of this commotion very entertaining.
So far I’ve done exactly what I was supposed to do—I put the love potion on an Athenian’s eyes.
And so farewell.
Farewell, then, Signior Lucentio.
Katherina, you may stay.
And so, good morning to all of you.
Me too, but still, for the sake of good manners, I’ll say thanks for your company.
Mine did too.
Okay, I’m ready.
And so he fainted.
He’ll come right away.
And I am, I am.
And even then, in order for me to catch the fly your cousin, she must be blind?
And so do I. I think we all do.
It’s a good tragedy, very well done.
You’re right, that’s how it is.
It is.
And no doubt he is, gracious madam.
It’s the same with men.
But maybe by some fluke he was saved too.
And then return to you and nothing else?
I think so too.
That’s right, she did.
Why, you’re absolutely right, cousin.
And so do I, my lord.
So the lion disappeared.
That’s true.
Then he shook Bassanio’s hand affectionately—and they separated.
Absolutely—so long as he gets the girl.
Me too.
And so will I.
And so, good-bye.
With that, I hope God is with him!
And so, good Capulet—which is a name I love like my own name—you should be satisfied with what I say.
And that’s all there is to it.
Now please, tell Beatrice to come out.
Goodbye, my lord.
So with no money, but a little more wisdom, I’m going back to Venice.
So, without further ado, the best thing to do now is probably just to shake hands and go our separate ways.
And some have greatness thrust upon them.” Heaven help you!
Sometimes she tickles a priest’s nose with a  Enough, enough!
When she takes a sip, I bob up against her lips and make her spill the drink all over her withered old neck.
And then throw the seeds in the sea, to make more islands grow.
Yes, I’ll say it again, my lord.
Babbling senselessly?
Squabbling?
We owe you love and service forever.
Wait good Nurse.
And I have much less to comfort me than you do, since I’ve lost my daughter.
And pay attention to what Caesar does and which men are close to him.
Now, my dear friend, what lucky wind blows you in from Verona?
And tell the Dauphin his joke will look pretty stupid when thousands more weep than ever laughed at it.
The ghost is definitely something to worry about.
Isn’t that what they said?
When I work it over with magic spells, the drop will produce magical spirits that will trick Macbeth with illusions.
To show you that that’s me, let me prove it a little even in this case.
That’s Claudio.
The most important thing for you to think about is how beautiful his daughter is.
He does, and now he’s taking revenge on you—for breaking promises and for murder, too.
And that would get us all executed.
And I’d be surprised if he even did that, for he prefers sports, fun, and friends.
And what irks me more than all these things put together is that he does it under the pretense of love—as though for me to eat or sleep would bring on fatal illness or sudden death.
And that’s what you want me to do!
I’ve heard that’s not the most nourishing food.
And that’s true too.
The best thing about me is that I’m hardworking.
The business you began here needs you as well—especially the business with Cleopatra, which only you can attend to.
And you saw how the beggar ran from the mutt?
And, in fact, I think they’re meeting together right now.
Yes, he will, and the queen as well.
The most beautiful queen they ever had.
And its tears are wet.
May the tongues of our critics rot!
And then Pyramus showed up.
Give them hefty meals of beef and iron and steel, and they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
Then he pulled a watch from his bag and, looking at it solemnly, said, “It’s ten o'clock.
Then Antony offered it the third time.
And then his clerk, who went to a lot of trouble with the writing, begged for mine.
He’s full of wise sayings and up-to-the-minute anecdotes: that’s the way he plays his part.
Finally the new moon, curved like a silver bow in the sky, will look down on our wedding celebration.
As I vowed, I will unite the York and Lancaster families.
And then, I hope, you’ll be satisfied.
And then he’ll … he’ll … wait, what was I about to say?
And then?
We’ll look for new friends and keep the company of strangers.
where it takes on some other horrible form that drives you insane.
And there’s a messenger representing a fifth one, the prince of Morocco, who says the prince will be here tonight.
At Friar Lawrence’s cell she can make confession and be married.
Snakes shed their skin there, and the shed skin is wide enough to wrap a fairy in.
And there were a hundred spooked women huddled together in fear who swore they saw men on fire walk up and down the streets.
That’s what makes it “sensitive” news.
Then give it a nice welcome, as you would give to any stranger.
So hurry up, because we have twenty miles to cover today.
Does that mean he’s lazy?
That’s why they say love is a child.
That’s why paintings of Cupid, the god of love, always show him as blind.
Therefore tell me, fairest Katherine, will you have me?
So that means she’ll come.
So go on, tell me the news.
So tell me what’s been going on.
And as long as she’s herself—wise, beautiful, and faithful—she’ll always have a place in my heart.
Since I can’t amuse myself by being a lover, I’ve decided to become a villain.
And that’s why he went crazy.
She takes these signs for warnings and predictions of terrible evils to come, and, on her knee, she begged me to stay home today.
And just try to remember a few rules of life.
And now they’re both gone.
And you can’t deny evidence and argument—They’ve been around since Noah’s ark.
And they’ve been plotting things together.
And whoever is most irritated by my foolishness has to laugh the hardest.
I was just knocking to see if anyone was home.
And it might back up other evidence that may seem too flimsy.
You’re lucky, my lord, to be able to see the peace and sweetness even in what bad luck has brought you.
Macbeth has heard this news and he is so angry that he’s preparing for war.
And this is all because of our argument.
You’ve offered an excellent interpretation.
And this is Metellus Cimber.
Take these too.
I will go straight to visit him.
And those who leave their valiant bones in France, dying like men though buried in your dunghills—they’ll be remembered, too.
And you must think people are stupid if you believe they wouldn’t realize all the motives you have for trying to kill me.” Oh, how monstrously evil!
And you’re not suited for any place except hell.
Let thunder flatten the spherical world, crack open all the molds from which nature forms human beings, and spill all the seeds from which ungrateful humans grow!
Tell Ventidius I want to speak with him.
And she’s fierce, even though she’s little.
And although we’re giving these honors to this man so that he shares some of the blame for what we’re doing, he’ll carry these honors like a jackass carries gold—groaning and sweating under the load, either led or pushed, as we direct him.
And even though you know I’m very close to the Prince and Claudio, I swear I’ll keep your counsel and deal with this secretly and justly.
And they thought Margaret was Hero?
He’ll be like this for a little while.
Then that’s the way it may turn out.
And now she’ll start moaning, of course— Are you asleep, my love?
Your fall has left a blot that opens even the best and brightest to suspicion.
And your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his heir, a princess.
In the meantime I’ll tell you all, as honestly as I confess my sins to God, how I wooed this beautiful lady, and how she came to love me.
Before she began shedding tears all over her lovely face, she was the fairest creature in the world—and even now she has no equal.
And time itself is ended.
To put it plainly, I’m afraid I’m not quite sane.
But if I ran away from the Jew, I’d be following the advice of the devil, who’s the very devil himself.
And do you see how much your foolish wife means to him?
If you sink, you’re dragging love down.
That is exactly why we wanted you here, your lordship—to avoid the public carping and complaints.
And I’ll use that piece of rope to welcome you with.
So here’s the plan.
Girls who marry so young grow up too soon.
And Trinculo’s drunk.
And she’s loyal, as she has proven.
And trust me, love, you look pale to me too.
But you turn that sun into a shadow.
I’ll tell twenty lies like that, so men will think I graduated from school at least a year ago.
My lord?
And were you then happy to find shelter on a bed of hay along with swine and homeless bums?
We thought you ought to know about it.
We mean well by going to this masquerade ball, but it’s not smart of us to go.
And I understand perfectly his sneering reference to my wilder days.
So let’s see it.
And we will raise your wages.
And we’ll leave together, like friends.
Fair sister, will you go with the princes or stay here with me?
In prison we’ll outlast hordes of rulers that will come and go as their fortunes change.
And now you cry, even though she has risen up above the clouds, as high as heaven itself?
And everyone can say “welcome,” which is just a word.
And welcome, welcome!
And if I were king of it, you know what I’d do?
Who do you think you are coming in here armed?
And what is this useless ceremony of kings?
And what’s your connection with the traitors who landed in our kingdom recently?
And what should I give you that would be equal in value to this rare and precious gift?
What do kings have that private men do not, besides the pomp of their position?
What hope is that, may I ask?
And what is that music?
And what of all this?
And what about him, Tranio?
And so—?
And what oath do we need other than that we honest men have told each other that this will happen or we will die trying?
And what did he say?
And what did Surrey say to that?
So what do you say to my suit?
What does my hidden wife say about our ruined love?
And what am I supposed to do in Illyria?
I’m afraid of what they might encourage him to do, considering the state he’s in.
And what about that?
What are you going to do now?
And what are you going to do after you’ve spent your money?
Anything your Highness suffered in that disguise, I beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine, because if you’d been what I took you for, there would have been no offense.
Who can say I’m evil when my advice is so good?
And what’s her story?
What’s new, cousin Lodovico?
The rest of my life will be nothing but bitterness.
Whatever happens tonight, don’t talk about it.
And when is he leaving?
Bolstered by righteousness, I prepared to fight, and when he saw my excitement—or perhaps because my shouting scared him—he ran away suddenly.
And, when I do marry, I swear, it will be Romeo, whom you know I hate, rather than Paris.
And when I get my reward, I’ll get out of here.
And when I’ve sneaked up on my sons-in-law, then I’ll kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
When I raise my hand, you do the same, and bring it down on Gonzalo’s head.
His face will make the heavens so beautiful that the world will fall in love with the night and forget about the garish sun.
And when I told you he was involved the whole time I was trying to get Desdemona, you were like, “Oh, really?” And then you frowned and wrinkled up your forehead as if you were imagining something horrible.
And when will that be?
And when will you see him again?
And when she is peevish and perverse, sullen, sour, and disobedient to his honest wishes, what is she but a loathsome, warlike rebel and an ungrateful traitor to her loving lord?
When she put it on my finger, she made me swear never to sell it, give it away, or lose it.
And when she speaks, doesn’t her voice stir up passion?
When she cries, all the little flowers cry too.
And when she left just now, she said “Take care of this poor fellow here.” Fellow!” Not “Malvolio,” not anything referring to my low station in life, but “fellow.” Everything’s going perfectly.
And when that time comes, then you can mock me, but please don’t pity me, because I won’t pity you.
When the forked blue lightning seemed to break open the sky, I put myself right where I thought it would hit.
And when the mind is engaged, the rest of the body, dead and dull before, wakes up and comes to life with a new nimbleness and sensitivity, like a snake shedding its dead skin.
And when has he ever been known to wash his face?
And when you do— Cassius, calm down.
And when you get married, I hope I can be married at the same time.
When evil is dominant, death soon kills the body like cancer.
And where’s Cordelia?— Do you see this, Kent?
And why are you noble, strong, and brave?
And why does Lysander deny that he loves you, when he loves you so deeply?
So take for life a fellow of pure and plain faithfulness.
And who is England’s king but an heir of the great York?
Why didn’t you say “the swift steps” of time instead of the “lazy foot”?
How can Caesar be a tyrant then?
And why, wise lady?
Why, sir, must he?
And yet she cheapens herself by turning her gaze on me, who cut her sweet prince’s life short and made her a widow?
Will you let me?
Do you want to destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend?
And, being a man of your breeding, you’re going to be married under some shrubs like a beggar?
And will you have me?
And wanted to see you with laces crisscrossed over your legs.” Crisscrossed?
On my honor, I swear I love Rivers with all my heart.
I’ll put the juice of this flower on Titania’s eyes, and fill her with horrible delusions and desires.
And yesterday the night owl sat hooting and shrieking in the marketplace at noon.
And last night at dinner, you got up abruptly and paced back and forth with your arms crossed, brooding and sighing, and when I asked you what was the matter, you gave me a dirty look.
But you’re still complaining of darkness and a bad view?
But as far as I can tell, people with too much suffer as much as people with nothing.
But then I do you wrong to say as much, since you are the very embodiment of bravery.
But I’m wishing for something I already have.
And yet I wouldn’t want to be you, uncle.
But it’s dangerous to make him try to make sense of the time he lost.
And then again, it’s not so good, but only so-so.
And yet I’ll still have plenty.
He lets the bird hop a little from his hand and then yanks him back by a string.
But I guess it doesn’t matter.
I’ve seen her do it.
And yet you’re the one who wants to teach me about restraint!
And yet, against all odds, I win her over!
But I swear I’m not the person I’m playing.
But to tell you the truth, reason and love have very little to do with each other these days.
That big ship over there looks no bigger
And there comes Caesar.
As you all know, overconfidence is man’s greatest enemy.
And you’ve come at a good time, so you can convey my greetings to the senators and tell them I won’t come today.
Good to see you, Signior Hortensio.
And you’ve done well on land.
As you were on land.
And you have to cut this flesh from his chest.
You will.
And you’ll speak on the same platform as I do, after I’m done.
And you, sweet Hero?
Hello, sir.
And hello to you, fair sister.
And to you, good sir.
And you, good farmers, whose limbs were made in England, show us here the vigor of your upbringing.
And you, sir, had me arrested over that necklace.
Hello, sir.
Hello to you too, sir.
Hello to you.
You too.
And your experience makes you sad.
He’s going to look like a total idiot.
And your lies caused this murder.
In exchange, give up your claim to love Helena, since I love her and will love her until I die.
Romeo ran away when Tybalt fell dead.
I’m an honest Puck, and I swear that if we’re lucky enough not to get hissed at, we’ll make it up to you soon.
But since the gibe glanced off me, ten to one it hit you both straight on.
I’ve separated them into groups around the island, just as you ordered.
And as you said (and you said it wisely), it’s good to have someone other than a mother listening in on them, since she can be too partial to him.
Now that I’m done, Wall can go away.
And, being men, the contents of Caesar’s will would enrage you.
dusk and all night long sleeps in peace.
The more you beat me, the more I’ll love you.
Then if he dies, his death serves him.
Military music and military rites will speak for his heroic qualities.
In a fit of rage she locked you up in a hollow pine tree, with the help of her powerful assistants, and left you there for twelve years.
Friends, go your separate ways.
Noble friends, let’s kill him boldly but not with anger.
And my sweet master, I received no gold.
And, gentle Puck, take this transformed ass’s head off of the head of that Athenian man, so that when he wakes up at the same time as the rest of them do, they can all go back to Athens.
Good night, good boy.
Lieutenant, I think you know I’m your friend.
Stay away for now, and good night, my sweet friend.
And listen!
Good friends, I thank you all for coming to see me wed this patient, sweet, virtuous wife.
And I think that if I hadn’t been brave and strong, she would have turned me into a dog and made me her slave.
And if she starts to drop off, I’ll rant and yell until I wake her up.
And, Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
And, moreover, God saw Benedick when he was hid in the garden.
You’ll  Enough of this.
And tonight, sir, I invite you have dinner with me.
And, my dear sister, as long as the winds are blowing and ships are sailing, let me hear from you—write.
To get used to the life you’ll most likely be leading soon, get rid of your low-class trappings.
And as you know, his connections, if he put them to good use, might be enough to hurt us all.
Andrew Aguecheek”
Oh angels, protect us!
Angels are still bright even though Lucifer, the brightest angel, fell from heaven.
Soon we will toast around the table.
I’m coming, I’m coming!
Then he’ll be as calm and quiet as a dove waiting for her eggs to hatch.
I’m at your service.
Peter!
More shouting!
It’s another Hero!
Another hit.
I have another plan to make my bird come to me and recognize her owner’s call is to keep her from sleeping—
Answer when I call your name.—Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer all of us, now.
Answer me straightforwardly.
Answer me in a word.
Answer me like men.
On my life I swear to you that your youngest daughter doesn’t love you least.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock, both of you come forward.
Antonio’s a good man.
I was never a thief or a pirate, though I admit I was your enemy for good reasons.
If I default, he’ll pay you.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I married a woman as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, you’re under arrest on the orders of Count Orsino.
Antonio, oh my dear Antonio!
Antonio!
But I don’t worry about being deceived because I don’t need to trust.
Only Antony was at fault.
Antony will go where his passion is.
Antony, it’s time to stop your wild hedonism.
Any obstacle or barrier to Claudio’s happiness will be like medicine to me.
Any man who knows how to write can answer a letter.
Any strange beast there can be considered a man.
Anything that’s mended is only patched up.
Anything.
Do you want to sleep?
Pharmacist!
Appear before me now quickly— No talking.
Show yourself in the form of a sigh.
Come forward and speak.
Go into the bedroom and see for yourself.
Come at me in the form of a rugged Russian bear, an armor-plated rhinoceros, or a tiger from Iran.
Come here, Ariel.
Come on, Sir Andrew.
Come over here.
Have all your conquests, glories, triumphs, achievements, come to so little?
Is he sane?
Don’t I deserve more than this?
Aren’t these woods less perilous than the court, with all its jealousies and intrigues?
That’s you, right?
Are these our eyes?
Is there a scale here to weigh the flesh?
You absolute villain!
Are you really saying these things, or am I dreaming?
Are these wind instruments?
Did you inform them of that?
Are they all ready?
Is it good news?
Are they likely to get dusty?
Do you think they’re married?
Aren’t they at this very moment on the western shore helping the rebels land safely from their ships?
Have they come back?
Do they attract big audiences?
Are those my tents on fire?
Are we all here?
Are we all ready?
Could you have found two Romans as good as these two?
Are you an actor?
Are you a god?
Aren’t you a rational human being?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the girl we speak of, yes or no?
Are you familiar with the case currently before the court?
So, to answer your question.
Delighted to stay?
Have you snuck over here to watch the wrestling?
It’s your job in life to kill the innocent?
Are you beautiful?
Are you always so funny?
Are you all good and honest men?
It is.
Are you his brother?
You call yourself my wife, yet you don’t call me “husband”?
Were you born here?
So you’re saying you’re not a whore?
Well, aren’t you a good man?
Aren’t you Kent?
Are you sick?
Are you going to take care of this thing now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you my daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so pious that you would pray for this man and his children, a man who has pushed you toward an early grave and put your family in poverty forever?
You’re in a hurry, are you?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure we’re awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Is that you, wife?
Are you in your right mind?
Are you still set on marrying my brother’s daughter?
Aren’t you dead yet?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, you’ve done your work exactly as I ordered.
Get up and tell me how you came here.
Wake up, wake up, ring a bell and wake up all the snoring citizens.
Get up, liar.
Get up, I tell you!
You need not kneel to me.
Get up.
Prepare yourself, please, for this trip.
Get ready, my lord.
Arm myself?
Armed, sir.
It was armed, you say?
Fire!
Arms, make your last embrace!
Get away from me, witch!” the fat woman cried.
Arrest me if you dare.
Aren’t you Lady Olivia’s fool?
Do you work in this house?
Are you rich?
Oh, you’re a clergyman?
Are you a man?
Are you afraid to act the way you desire?
Are you scared?
You’re less happy, being feared, than they are in fearing you.
Are you satisfied, Jew?
Are you gone like that, my love, my lord?
Are you good at those kinds of things?
Are you his friend?
Are you indeed?
Are you educated?
Are you insane?
Are you my son?
And why did you come?
Are you with a Cornish company?
You’re this poor and wretched and still afraid to die?
Are you that impatient?
Are you a god, an angel, or a devil, that you make my blood turn cold and my hair stand up?
Are you the slave who, with your slanderous words, killed my innocent child?
Is that you, Diomedes?
Are you acting so boldly from hardship or because you despise good manners?
Are you wise?
They say Gloucester’s bastard son is.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
Just as a town protected by a wall around it is worth more than a low-lying village, a married man’s horned forehead is more honorable than a bachelor’s bare forehead.
What?
I weep for Caesar in that he was good to me.
You might as well try to stab the air with your sword.
If you ever had a mother, come in quickly to Sir John.
I’m going far enough that I’ll be riding from now until dinner.
As for my wife, if only you had such a wife.
As freely, son, as God gave her to me.
I’ll run from this woman who claims to be my wife as fast as I’d run from a bear.
Get up from your beds as if you were rising out of your own graves, and walk like ghosts to come witness this horror.
I’m as good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good a reason as any.
Yes, just as great and just as recent.
And when he laughs, Othello will go crazy.
I rejoice in his good fortune.
I honor him for being brave.
Dark as hell, Sir Topas.
You have my word as a gentleman that I’ll always be grateful to you.
Look: Benedick is so pale—are you sick, or angry?
I swear I thought you meant you’d been hurt physically.
As surely as I am the queen of Egypt, Antony, you’re blushing, which means you’re Caesar’s servant.
As I came down?
As I slept under this yew-tree here, I had a dream that my master and someone else were fighting and that my master killed him.
As I was standing watch on the hill, I looked toward Birnam, and I thought I saw the forest begin to move.
It looks to me like it’s burning in the Capulet tomb.
I swear to God it’s true, sir.
I swear on my life and honor, he’ll sit here in the stocks until noon.
May I only do well in these dangerous battles if my intention to repent and prosper is sincere!
According to what I heard, they had no travel plans as of last night.
As I remember, this should be the house.
From down here, I thought his eyes looked like full moons.
As I get to leech him, I will show some mercy.
As moral as me!
She’s calling out my name as if I were a bullet murdering her, just like I murdered her relative.
Time’s not the one in debt.
As dumb as dirt!
As it dissolves, so shall my life.
The harvest comes shortly after that.
As long as heaven and nature extend it.
As long as hell and Richard want it.
Like love, my lord, before it learns to love.
We’ll see, won’t we?
When I opened my eyes, I saw their swords out.
We’re bound to each other in every possible way, except we need you to marry us.
I’ll give him equal thanks, so we’re even.
The same to you, my lord!
I know you are loyal and honorable.
Yes, she saw me quite clearly.
The noblest men who ever walked on leather have walked on my handiwork.
Since she belongs to me, I can do what I want with her—as the law says: I can either make her marry Demetrius—or have her killed.
It’s as strange as this other thing which I don’t understand.
As clearly as I see you, my lord.
The poison is as sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle—Oh, Antony!—No, I’ll take you too.
I hope you enjoy the same sweet peace and rest I feel in my heart.
Just like the rabbit, who lives where she is born.
Just as the ox has his yoke, the horse its bridle, the falcon a tether, a man has his desires—to keep in check.
I wish none of this had happened, given the situation here, and your rank.
As they pass by, grab Casca by the sleeve, and he’ll tell you if anything important happened today—in his usual sour way.
Messenger after messenger delivered news of your bravery to the king with praise for how you defended his country.
Yes, as much as you look like yourself.
Just as you got Milan, I’ll get Naples.
Please, give me that goblet, if you love me.
I’ll do my best, madam.
I hope you both get drenched with a dew as evil as what my mother used to collect with a crow’s feather from the poison swamps.
As eagerly as I ever came from school.
However your wit and luck allow.
Just as I did with the meat, I’ll make up some problem with the way the bed is made, and throw the pillow one way and the cushion the other, and the blanket over here and the sheets over there.
Yes, as short as a woman’s love.
Since you’re old and respected, you should be wise.
Just as you’d like to have your sins forgiven, Indulge me, forgive me, and set me free.
I hope Demetrius comes to love you as much as you love him!
Judge for yourself.
Young though I am, I’ve been observing these three blowhards closely.
Climb up to her bedroom and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you’ll find me in a grave.
Apologize?
Don’t ask me what I know.
Absolutely, you idiot.
Asses are made for bearing, and so are you.
Help us, good friends.
I have to go to England, don’t you know that?
The thing is definitely going to be sold.
No, really, I’m not.
In short, I’m not.
You’ll find us both at Crosby Place.
I’ll stop at every house.
From the highest to the lowest of you, I bid you a hearty welcome.
In the first act he is an infant, whimpering and puking in his nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock he’s going to pay me for it.
He’s at home, my lord.
Even more since you annexed my father’s house and lands.
Yes, on land you do outnumber me.
In the end I left them standing in the smelly pond behind your room, with the stinking water covering them up to their chins.
Finally, after shaking my arm a little, and jerking his head up and down three times, he sighed like it was his last breath.
At least it’s possible in Denmark.
At least two hours past.
My own house, good lady.
I’m crying at how unworthy I am to give you what I want to give you and to take what I’m dying to have.
At my house.
Tonight we’ll have dinner.
We’ll meet again at nine in the morning.
Good night.
Let me choose now.
At Pembroke, or at Harfordwest in Wales.
Once at Sardis and once last night, here in Philippi fields.
I think it was at sea.
Many men seek their fortune at seventeen; at eighty, it’s a bit late.
When he’s there next time, I’ll send my daughter to see him.
We’ll meet at the giant oak tree in the duke’s forest.
Now all my enemies are at my mercy.
The beautiful Rosaline whom you love so much will be at Capulet’s traditional feast, along with every beautiful woman in Verona.
I’ll do anything you ask, monster, anything reasonable.—Come on, Trinculo, let’s sing.
As you wish, sir.
Whenever you like.
I’ll be at your service.
You’re asking me!
Go escort the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester.
Discipline must be kept.
Authority.
Come, Dromio, let’s go.
Go!
Be gone!
What is it, Laertes?
Leave us.
Awaken the memory of those valiant ancestors and with your own powerful arm make their deeds live again.
Wake up, wake up!
Wake up, I say!
Wake up, sir, wake up.
Wake up!
Take me to the garden.
Take him away!
Take him away.
Take it away.
Away with the doddering fool!
Take away the stools, the sideboards, and the plates.
Come with us to Athens.
Go away and let me die.
Go now, and pretend to be a friendly hostess.
Away, away, be gone.
Look out, he’s coming!
Away, get out of here.
Get busy, go!
Go!
Please go away, both of you.
Go, hurry.
We have to get out of here, old man.
Leave, you little man.
Let’s go, then!
Go ahead, then.
Let’s get away, Tybalt.
Let’s get out of here!
Let’s go!
Go away!
Now get out of here!
Get away from me!
Get away from me, you ass!
Not a chance!
Damn it!
Now go!
That’s the truth.
Oh, my, it’s my husband.
I’m divided between two friends who are determined to kill each other.
Oh my, what’s the news?
Oh, honey!
Oh no!
But I’m not dying yet!
That’s true.
Yes, he’s the one who first told me about her.
Definitely a tailor, sir.
Yes, a thousand times.
Amen to that!
Yes, and a brave one, who dares to look at something that would frighten the devil.
Yes, and a nice one at that.
Yes, and she was mild too.
Yes, and be brief.
Yes, and he’s been carried off the field.
Yes, that’s why you have to die.
Yeah, and he’s going to tame her.
Yes, and I’ll give it to him for free.
Yes, and I’ll do everything I just said.
Yes—as you and the rest will find out as soon as he’s home.
Yes, and it seemed twice as long to me, having been kept from your bed that whole time.
Yes, and these.
Yes, and you dared Caesar to fight the battle at Pharsalia, where he fought against Pompey.
Sure, and twenty others just like you.
Yes, and Wall too.
Yes, and be wise.
Are you considering desertion, as well?
Yes, at Philippi.
Yes, yes, this is the rope ladder.
Oh yes, three thousand ducats.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes!
Yes.
Yes, be content, good Touchstone.
Yes, better than you know me.
Yes, dear little chick, come along with me.—Shut up, man!
Yes, boy, I’m ready.
Yes, boy.
Okay, but please not before me.
Yes, but now there’s no way to calm him down.
Yes, but I know— What do you know?
Fine, but not enough.
Yes, but not out of fear.
Fine, but you weren’t harsh enough.
Yes, but the clerk will never do it, unless he grows up to be a man.
Some of those lines had more feet than the  That’s not a problem: the feet can bear Sure, but these feet were
Yes, but the mustard is probably too hot.
Yes, but they don’t see anything.
Yes, but these English are seriously short of beef.
Okay, but when?
But those political considerations might last such a long time that the general will forget my love and service, especially if I’m gone and someone else has my job.
Yes, I swear.
I certainly did, and I never wanted to see you again.
Yes, well, things could get better.
Yes, Caesar, but it’s not gone yet.
Yes, Casca.
Yes, Celia, we kept her here for your sake.
Yes, Desdemona.
Really, are you afraid of that?
Oh, fine.
Yes, revered Queen.
Yes, every inch a king.
Yes, every man forward.
Yes, the state’s half can be reduced, but not Antonio’s.
Yes, that’s true.
Yes, gentle cousin, if it were light enough for you.
Oh, go, leave me.
Yes, good fool.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, he said something in Greek.
Yes, he was born at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Yes, that’s the one.
Yes, his chest!
Yes, husband.
Yes, I am.
Yes, God be praised, I have managed to earn his favor.
Yes, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Yes, if a woman grows up to be a man.
Yes, if I’m still alive, and you’re still sane, and your dinner is worth eating.
Yes, if I know the language and the letters.
Yes, if Messala recommends me to you.
Yes, if the devil tempts you to do good.
True, if a fool such as yourself could find it.
Yes, if you want to help yourself.
Yes, if your memories do you no good.
Just as hounds and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, mutts, shaggy lapdogs, swimming dogs, and wolf-dog crossbreeds are all dogs.
Yes, you already hurt me in the church, in the town, and in the fields.
Yes, really.
Yes, it is, I think.
I’m not sure I can wait that long.
Yes, leeks are good.
Yes, Lepidus.
Yes, let her die and rot and go to hell tonight.
Yes, let the count take you in your bed.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, madam, but he’ll be back tonight.
Yes, madam, he lies beyond my reach.
Oh, ho!
Yes, madam, twenty different messengers.
I was born and raised less than three hours from here.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, madam.
I did—and now I’ve got it!
Yes, they are.
Yes, alright, go, I say, and bring him here.
Ah, I’ve got it!
Yes, it is.
Yes, you are.
Yes, please; unleash your wisdom.
Okay, now it starts!
Yes, indeed, it was, and he pushed it away three times, each time more gently than the last; and at each refusal my countrymen shouted.
Yes, but who is he?
Whose was it?
Yes, sir.
Yes, he’ll weep stones, as he taught us to do.
I can read my own fortune in my misery.
Master, master, I’ve been on the lookout so long, I’m ready to fall down dead—but I’ve got one, finally!
Yes, and more.
Yes, mother, but I wish I hadn’t.
Yes, my master.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my lord, if you give us permission.
Yes, my lord, if you would like.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, and calfskin too.
Yes, sir.
Yes, noble lord.
Yes, now I’m in Arden, and that makes me the bigger fool.
Yes, I swear.
For that reason he sends you this good news—that this very day your enemies, the queen’s relatives, will die at Pomfret.
Yes, on his front.
Sure, or anything else you show him.
That’s right, or drinking, swearing, fist-fighting, visiting prostitutes—that kind of thing.
Or stuff what he says into their pockets.
Yes, but no doctor can help me.
Yes, pilgrim—they have lips that they’re supposed to pray with.
Yes, for three months.
Yes sir, I’m fairly witty.
Yes sir, thank God.
Oh yes, sir, I have often been to Pisa—Pisa, City of Wise Men.
Yes, sir, it’s all too true, God help us.
Yes, the leader of the team; the one that gets you if you can’t pay a debt; the one who assumes people are always going to bed and says to them, “Have arrest.” Well, sir, stop your joking there.
Yes, sir, they’re ready.
Yes, sir, we’re part of her entourage.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes, I think that’s true.
That’s just what I thought.
Yes, your Majesty.
We will.
Yes.
These vows are just traps for stupid birds.
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he was.
Yes, Petruchio.
Yes, that’s the way I’ll do it.
You mean their  Cut off their heads, take their maidenheads—whatever.
Yes, here it is.
Ah, there’s the problem.
Yes, those are the best clothes.
Yes, you poor ghost, as long as I have any power of memory in this distracted head.
Sure, to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest.
She’s dead to me.
Mountains don’t tremble, however much the wind may blow!
Yes, a little too sweet.
Sure, since beauty’s power can more easily change a good girl into a whore than the power of goodness can change a beautiful girl into a virgin.
Yes, we talked for a couple of hours.
Yes, very well, sir.
Yes, certainly.
Yes, what about it?
That counts for everything.
That’s right, except for the widow Dido.
Yes, right away.
Yes, with Cassio.
See how well she can turn?
Yes, you’ve been a ladies' man in your time.
Yes, you would beg, if you were in my position.
Yes, and don’t let anyone come in, or else I’ll break your head.
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Yes indeed.
Good luck, fair gentleman.
Of course, sir.
still fight you and embed your lies back in your hellish heart.—Trumpets, blow!
You can’t go back into the house unless you want to fight with me—and if you’re willing to do that, you might as well just go and fight with him.
Go back, slave, or I’ll knock you one across the head.
The world is a bad place, where you can’t speak what you know.
Bad news, my lord.
I told him to come back and talk to me in a bit, and he promised he would.
Bathe his filthy head with warm, scented water.
Banquo and Donalbain, Malcolm!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
Banquo, if your soul is going to make it to heaven, tonight’s the night.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman—one to whom my father is not completely unknown—and lovely as his daughter is, she is entitled to any number of suitors—myself among them.
Stop Harry of England, who is now sweeping through our land with banners drenched in the French blood he spilled at Harfleur.
Barnardo’s taken my place.
Is that Barnardo?
Have I lost my wit?
Paying debts is for peasants.
Dissolute lowlife, you shall die.
Bassanio told him he’d try to hurry back.
A basting.
I beg your pardon, except for the widow Dido.
It will be as the gods see fit.
So be it.
Live in the moment.
May they relieve a sick old man’s suffering.
Be angry whenever you like, it’s all right with me.
Let’s follow him, Gertrude.
Rest assured that we’re going there to use our hands, not our tongues.
I assure you he can.
Pay attention.
person when you’re ready, if you’re inclined.
Change into better clothes.
Be violent, bold, and firm.
Be bold, and get ready.
Well, explain—but do it fast so that your puny store of kindness isn’t used up by talking about it.
Be quick for a while and let the one who lives the longest take everything.
Stay close by when we wake him up, ma'am.
I’ve spelled it out for you clearly.
May you choke on any other sentiments like that!
Be loud and obnoxious.
Calm down.
Be calm, dear lady.
You can relax, ma'am.
Be pointed and brief.
Be eloquent on my behalf.
If you’re joining together to right these wrongs, I’ll go as far as any one of you.
I hope maybe then you’ll send him back home soon.
Be kind to her.
Go home!
Be happy.
You can decide that privately.
Let’s do that, Lysander.
So be it.
Kent can speak rudely when Lear goes mad.
Be kind and polite to this gentleman.
Be free and happy.
Be brave like the lion and proud.
Great Duke, be merciful to mortal men.
Be merciful and say “death.” Exile is much worse than death.
Stay near me so I’ll remember.
Don’t be scared.
Don’t be afraid of greatness.” That was well written.
Don’t be afraid, even though you see me with a weapon.
Don’t be afraid.
Don’t be disturbed by my illness.
Snap out of your daze.
Don’t be offended.
Don’t be so quick to twist my meaning.
Don’t be cruel, Demetrius.
But don’t delay.
Don’t be late.
But don’t be too tame, either—let your good sense guide you.
As long as you aren’t ashamed to show it, he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means.
Buck up, boy!
Be content.
Be patient until I finish.
Be patient, because the prize I’m leading you to will make you forget how smelly you are now.
You should be able to endure this because the world is broad and wide.
Be patient, because you’re staying with me.
Relax, gentlemen.
Stay calm.
But since,  To get back to the matter at hand, what do you think of our proposal?
Be quiet and depart.
Be quiet, people!
Let’s assume that she has a reason, which you don’t know yet: have faith that she’ll eventually explain why she shut the doors on you today.
Take my advice.
Calm down.
Be quiet.
Get to the point, since we already know the truth.
Be invisible to everyone except yourself and me.
Be the person you know you are, and you’ll be as powerful as this person you fear.
Are all the cups and glasses in their places, the tablecloths laid out—everything in order?
Are these the wretches that we threw dice for?
Let this anger sharpen your sword.
Whether you’re a good spirit or a cursed demon, whether you bring heavenly breezes or blasts of hell fire, whether your intentions are good or evil, you look so strange I want to talk to you.
I’ll do everything I can for you, Cassio.
Be friendly to people but don’t overdo it.
You’ll be my witness that I’ve been forced, as Pompey was, to wager all of our freedoms on one battle.
Whether your mouth is black or white, Do-dee, dee-dee da.
Be honest and helpful, and I’ll repay you for your efforts.
Be brave and do well!
Take a tip from me, then.
So be careful.
If you’re smart, you’ll go home.
Be my witness, oh you blessed moon.
If you make the accusation convincingly, then my cunning won’t fail me.
You can be a eunuch, but I’ll be mute.
Are your tears wet?
Whether you are sad or merry, the intensity of either suits you like no one else . . .
Cheer up and be at peace.
Take away this body, and do what I say.
Carry him away.
Bring him my head.
Remain calm until midnight, and then you’ll see what the trouble is.
Take it to your master and bring him home immediately.
Take me to the man my husband is in debt to.
Carry me, good friends, to where Cleopatra is.
Do it well, and then leave us.
Carry them away.
Greet the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes, your hands, and your words.
Be patient with him, Brutus.
Please put up with my weakness.
Do you remember her face?
Beat him up.
You’ll beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat—
Beatrice— I swear, I’m going.
Fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money.
Because I didn’t want to watch while you gouged out his poor old eyes with your cruel fingernails, or while your vicious sister sank her fangs into his sacred flesh.
Because my name is George.
Just because I act familiar with you sometimes and let you fool around and joke with me, you try to take advantage of my affection.
Because you’re like the lowborn fellow who strikes the bell—you keep interrupting my thoughts.
Because their business lies outside the home.
Because it doesn’t have eight?
We come here to help you and you treat us like thugs, but you let an African horse climb all over your daughter.
I’d like you to, see, because you don’t like it, and because it isn’t to your taste, and because it doesn’t agree with you.
I’m ready.
And I swear to God he’s very smart.
She’s a fine woman, all right.
I’ll put up my shield and battle you.
I swear to God, if I hadn’t seen this with my own eyes I’d never believe it.
It’s always like this in times of change.
Let’s not argue here in front of both our armies, which ought to see nothing but love between us.
Before your sentence has been completed?
Before I saw Lysander, Athens seemed like paradise to me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” And breathe twice, and shout “So, so!” Each one of your servants will rush here,
I feel tortured by all this talking.
Ask your daughters for another one.
Well, then, I thank you, though I’m such a beggar that even my thanks are not worth much.
Are you lovebirds only starting to pair up now?
Are you starting to challenge me?
Go!
Leave.
Go!
She was tricked, divorced, wronged, spited, killed!
Within an hour, one of my men will come to you behind the abbey wall and give you a rope ladder.
I’ll hide behind the tapestry to hear what they say.
Look and see.
Look, how she blushes like a virgin!
Look—his noble blood is still on it.
Take in the wheeled canons with their deadly gaping mouths trained on the walled city of Harfleur.
Picture the linen sails driven by the invisible and subtle wind as they pull the vast hulls through the wrinkled sea, breasting the high waves.
Look at this man.
Look, here I have Macbeth’s cursed head.
Look, I have a weapon, the best sword a soldier could have.
Look, sir.
Look, here are the boxes, prince.
Here’s mine.
Look!
But now I must condemn it.
As I was working on one musty room, the Prince and Claudio entered.
Today’s a holiday, so the beggar’s shop is shut.
His position is hopeless.
Because we were unprepared for the king’s visit, we weren’t able to entertain him as well as we would have wanted to.
Believe me on my honor and keep my honor in mind, so you may believe me.
Believe me, I’m not.
I’m serious, I can’t.
Believe me, I’d rather have lost a purse full of gold coins.
Believe me, King of Illusions, I made a mistake.
I don’t think he’d have any choice, my lord.
No, that’s not it, trust me.
I’d be peering over maps to figure out the best ports, piers, and waterways.
How handsome it is.
They certainly do like to butt heads!
Don’t believe any of us.
Don’t believe in this.
Believe me, then, that I have special powers.
In heaven.
It was probably just a rumor.
Probably because my cheeks' roses needed rain, which I could easily give them with all the tears in my eyes.
His wife probably did it on purpose because she knows what kind of fits he’s having.
It’s probably some noble gentleman stopping off in mid-journey, thinking to spend the night here.
It probably has something to do with… I don’t know.
They probably received warning about how much I stirred up the people.
This man is probably like that.
This pantomime was probably a summary of the play.
You probably killed a lot of his men?
Bellario sends his greetings.
My friends, are you all Lady Olivia’s servants?
My dear Regan, your sister’s not worth anything.
Your true demonic features are distorting your body.
God bless you.
Benedick, did you notice Signior Leonato’s daughter?
Benvolio, who started this fight?
Please, father, I beg you.
Damn him!
Damn that Toby!
God, I’m crazy about her.
I’d never do such a bad thing, not for the whole world!
Curse my very heart, but I think you should be happy in this second marriage, because it’s better than your first.
Also—I’ve kept my sword unsheathed since I saw this—in front of the Capitol I met a lion who looked at me and strutted by without bothering to attack me.
In any case, Antonio assured the duke they weren’t with Bassanio on his ship.
Besides, he brings his fate with him.
Besides, his cottage, his flocks, and his grazing rights are on sale now, and since he’s not there, there’s nothing to eat at our house.
Besides, I have some business to take care of in town.
Besides, I don’t like you.
Moreover, out of mercy, the Constable urges you to remind your men to make their peace with God and repent, so that their souls may depart sweetly and peacefully from these fields where, poor wretches, their bodies will likely fall and fester.
Anyway, even if he had the money now, the Jew probably wouldn’t take it.
My servants might overhear, and old Gremio is still hanging around, so we might be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard and calloused.
Besides, she treats me more respectfully than the other servants.
Besides, the king’s name is a tower of strength; the opposition doesn’t have that advantage.
Besides, he’s young and handsome, and he’s got all the qualities that naïve and silly girls go for.
Besides, according to the French historians, King Pepin, who deposed Childeric, based his own claim to the crown of France on his descent from Blithild, the daughter of King Clothair.
Besides, there’s no king, however pure his cause, who, if it comes to a trial by combat, can rely on using completely blameless soldiers.
Besides, they’re fresh.
Besides, they act as outward consciences and preachers to us all, a visible reminder that we should prepare ourselves for death.
On top of this, they’ve either burned or carried away everything that was in the king’s tent.
Besides, you’ve gotten unreliable.
With him out of Venice, I can make whatever bargains I want when I lend money.—Go, Tubal.
You will always be welcome to me.
Fear will keep you safe.
You’d better bring the messenger safely through the lines so he can return.
Do whatever you like with it.
I’ve been stripped of everything, betrayed.
We killed those men and sent them to rest in peace so that we could gain our own peace.
You may come across better food, but not a warmer welcome.
It’d be better to be delirious and unaware of anything.
It would be better if they were all on his father’s side, or that there were none at all on his father’s side.
It would be better for Macbeth to rule than someone like me.
Better late than never—and it’s never too late to change.
It would’ve been better for you not to have been born at all than to displease me as you did.
Making your loss greater makes the person who caused it worse.
Between whom?
Beware Macduff.
Don’t be quick to pick a fight, but once you’re in one, hold your own.
Beware of March 15th.
Beware the thane of Fife.
The things she has shamelessly hurled on me are beyond imagination.
Bianca’s love made me trade places with Tranio while he masqueraded as me around town.
Quiet, everyone!
Say goodbye to your sisters.
Remind Richard of this, and he will weep.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to put her mind at rest.
Tell him to bring his pen and his inkwell to the jail.
Tell him to gather together the greatest army he can muster in a hurry and meet me right away at Salisbury.
How old is she?
Order him to advance his forces first thing, and we’ll follow.
have lost, and the indignity we have endured, for which he is too insignificant to sufficiently pay us back.
Say goodbye to me.
Tell me to tear up this contract.
If we welcome our punishment, we punish it right back by seeming to take it lightly.
Tell the actors to hurry.
Tell them to capture me, then sell my bones.
Tell the army to flee.
Order them to escape.
Have them come in.
Order them to move back.
Put on a happy face, and welcome your friends.
He’s shouting at the wind to blow the earth into the sea, or make the sea flood the earth—he wants to see the world return to primal chaos.
The horsemen stand frozen like candlesticks, torches in their hands.
Tie up his withered old arms.
Tie him up, I tell you.
Bandage my wounds!
What about it?
Then I hope night shadows your day, and death takes your life!
Bleed, bleed, poor country!
God bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
God protect you from tornadoes, evil stars, and diseases!
God bless you, Bottom, God bless you.
Bless your five senses!
God help me!
Bless you, fair lady!
Good lord!
His love is blind, so it belongs in the dark.
God bless you!
I hope sores cover your tongue for a wish like that!
Bloodshed will force you to.
Bloody, inhuman villain!
Boatswain!
Oh, I wish I could make a  My soul is calling out my name.
Priest.
Borachio.
Take Cupid’s wings and fly higher than the average man.
He loves them both.
You both know Banquo was your enemy.
Now he won’t give me either.
You have the sacred power to cure both of us.
The table is full on both sides.
Both of which, master constable— You have.
The wind is right and it’s high tide, and I’ve delayed him a long time already.
They both begin with the letter “R.” Ah, you jokester—that’s the dog’s name.
Both you and the king might have ordered us to execute your command, instead of asking us so politely.
Both, both, my girl.
That these crimes are punished so quickly is proof.
Both?
Bottom!
Endless greed and lust in a man’s nature is a kind of tyranny.
Boy, your words can’t excuse the harm you’ve done to me.
Boy!
Disrespected in my own house by a spool of thread!
You’d break a date with your beloved by a whole hour?
Let Merriman catch his breath—the poor dog’s foaming at the mouth.
So let me be brief here.
After a brief time—as he is a strong, brave man—
Getting right to the point, I live near the Capitol.
In a minute, sir.
Fast work and a little luck are all I need.—Brother, could I have a word with you?
Better to have an extra servant on hand than be understaffed.
May you only give birth to male children, because your fearless spirit should create nothing that isn’t masculine.
Let the ship sail close to the wind.
Bring him with us.
Go ahead, then.
Bring him to me in silence.
Take him safely through the lines.
Let’s carry him in triumph to his house!
Bring him here dead or alive within the next year, or get out off my land.
Go get it and bring it to me here in the orchard.
If that’s what you mean, I’ll melt this gold and pour it down your throat that speaks these hateful words.
Find a father who loved his child as overwhelmingly as I loved Hero and ask
Take me to the edge of it, and I’ll reward all your troubles with something valuable.
Bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides.
Don’t bring me any more reports.
Take me to Antony.
Take me to Octavius.
Bring me his answers quickly.
Bring the villain forward.
Bring them to me.
And bring the ship’s captain to the castle.
Bring us the letters.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, isn’t that dawn breaking over there?
Brother, you’ve made a mistake.
Brother— Quiet.
Good night, brother.
Brother, hey!
Brother, I’m giving you good advice.
Brother, I’ll go and bring it to you.
Brother, Duke, please have some food.
Your renowned uncle, Duke Menaphon, the famous soldier, brought me here.
Did you accompany Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and she wouldn’t want her forehead to be any lower.
Battered armor, be off.
Brutus” and “Caesar.” What’s so special about “Caesar”?
You have broken my heart.
You’re smart, though, and if you were sick, you’d take what you needed to get better.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus will lead, and we’ll follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus speaks.
Brutus, may I have a word with you?
Brutus, do not provoke me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Cast spells with them, and “Brutus” will call up a ghost as well as “Caesar.” Now, in the name of all the gods, I ask you what food does Caesar eat that has made him grow so great?
Don’t go,” says my conscience.
Be sure to burn his magic books.
Burn!
It must be a spirit.
Nevertheless, it’s all one—the two rivers are as alike as my fingers are to my fingers, and there are salmon in both.
But now it’s stopped.
But not in heaven.
But they aren’t.
But this whole thing is strange.
But not so nice when women misbehave.
But goodbye.
Finally, the ceremony done, he called for wine.
But all of you, remember what you’ve said and prove yourselves true Romans.
But as soon as the sun rises in the east, my sad son comes home to escape the light.
Lecherous Cleopatra, may all the charms of love soften those withered lips!
Their story is bizarre and astounding, but it’s solid and consistent.
Everything you told me I already knew.
But Antonio’s certainly ruined.
Have my brother-in-law’s troops been mobilized?
But aren’t there some healthy men whom we have to make sick?
But are they all safe, Ariel?
Are you really as in love as your poems declare?
But are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice that much?
But you’re all wound up about fashion, too.
Still, did you notice how ready he was to hire good tutors for her?
But aren’t you drowned, Stephano?
But even so, we can’t do without him.
But everything that lives is mortal, including the foolishness of love.
But I think—I want to tell you the truth, and now that I think about it, I think this is true—I came here with Hermia.
As sane as me?
I swear, at the moment I really couldn’t tell you how I ended up here.
But prepare yourself for some unpleasantness.
He lost both, my lord.—Ma'am, this letter is from your sister, and needs an immediate answer.
Damn my suspicious thoughts!
I’ve served you since childhood, but I’ve never done you a better service than telling you to stop.
But brother Anthony— Don’t, it’s no big deal.
But Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
Before I could break up the fight, Tybalt was killed.
But by the grace of God, she’s mine.
But his navy rules the sea.
But do you think that’s what he’s aiming for?
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Good old lord Gonzalo,” as you call him, is saddest of all, with tears running down his beard.
Come along, though.
But whatever misfortunes occur, they can’t ruin the joy I feel with one look at her.
Here, I’ll tell you my whole plan in my carriage, which is waiting for us at the gate.
But come, my lord, let’s go.
But come on, inconsistent young man, come with me.
But come on, let’s see you do your dance.
But they are dead, and you killed them, you slave of the devil.
But I never spoke the whole time?
But did you tell him she cheated on him?
But didn’t you expect us to cut the cloth?
But do you really think the Prince would treat you that way?
But did you see them dead?
But did you listen to all that poetry without even wondering about what your name is doing on all these trees?
But did your sister die of love?
But don’t go.
But don’t expect any more than that.
But don’t do that.
Don’t spoil the justness and virtue of our endeavor nor weaken our own irrepressible spirits by thinking that we need a binding oath, when the blood that every noble Roman contains within him would be proven bastard’s blood if he broke the smallest part of any promise he had made.
But sir, have you married my daughter without my consent?
You’d better get me  But does he know that I’m here in the forest and dressed in men’s clothing?
Stay down, heart.
Either the lovers have different social standings—
But before they reached us–let me say no more!
But before we reached the end point, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I will sink!” And just as Aeneas, the hero who founded Rome, emerged from the fires of Troy with his elderly father Anchises on his shoulder, so I emerged from the Tiber carrying the tired Caesar.
But goodbye.
Anyway, I have to say goodbye to you now.
But goodbye.
But fathers who are rich Make their children kind.
But don’t be afraid to take the crown that belongs to you.
Not many, and no one important.
But first I’ll release the fairy queen from the spell.
But first, I’ll dump this fellow in his grave, then return to my love weeping with grief.
I’m a fool.—Let’s go, Lorenzo.—Goodbye for now.
But for a fine, elegant, graceful, and excellent dress, yours is worth ten of those.
But despite all this, your daughters will give you a lot of money—or do I mean pain?—in the coming year.
I know he holds me dear, but I haven’t asked him about the coronation, and he hasn’t told me.
As for my daughter Katherine, this much I know: she’s not for you—more’s the pity.
But what about the bloody handkerchief?
But a handkerchief— God, I wish I could forget about the handkerchief!
But back to that argument you mentioned.
Absolutely—he is stuffed, like a dummy.
But for the whole world?
But tell me—which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me?
As for your husband, he is noble, wise, and judicious, and he understands what the times require.
But for your private satisfaction, because I love you, I’ll tell you.
But your words are as sweet as honey—you’ve stolen from the bees and left them with nothing.
But stop, I say.
But go away now.
But let’s shake hands, Menas.
But do you mean what you’re saying?
Good lieutenant, is your general married?
They left me and my servant there, tied together.
But have you put the love juice from the flower on the eyes of that Athenian, as I asked you to do?
But did I fall or not?
But don’t I have good reason to cry?
Have you both really given me up?
See, the snail already has its horns, which prevents nasty rumors from spreading about his wife’s infidelity.
But as a gentleman and a soldier he’s promised me he won’t hurt you.
But he told me to get lost and threatened to hit me, kick me—even kill me.
He loves Caesar best, but he also loves Antony.
But he says he still loves and respects you, and based on his own feelings alone he’s looking for an opportunity to safely take you back.
But he’s sleeping.
But if you steal my reputation, you’re robbing me of something that doesn’t make you richer, but makes me much poorer.
But the devil that tempted you gave you no reason why you should commit treason other than to win the name of traitor.
But if you believe everything they say, you won’t be saved by half of what they do.
Well, the poor man died by your first order, which was carried by a winged messenger.
But listen to me, Gratiano.
But, oh, heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
But here comes Antony.—Welcome, Mark Antony.
And here comes father.
But here she comes.
Here they come.
But here’s a paper with Caesar’s seal on it.
But here comes a scoundrel who says he saw me at the marketplace and that I beat on him, told him I’d given him a thousand marks in gold, and then lied about my wife and my house.
But his frail heart, too weak to grapple with such a conflict between joy and sadness, gave out.
But insincere men, like horses who are too lively at the start of a race, make a big show of their spirit.
But how did you want it made?
And how did she react to all this?
But how is it possible that you still remember this, through all the darkness of the past?
But how long will her beautiful life last?
But how long will “ever” last?
But how is it possible that Prospero’s alive and well and living on this island?
But how?
But how will we keep it from being passed now, my lord?
But shhh!
But I’m as immovable as the northern star, whose stable and stationary quality has no equal in the sky.
But I’m sorry I’ve blurted all this out.
But I’ve been sent to find the people whose names are written on this list, and I can’t read!
But I’m a hired hand: I don’t profit from the flocks I tend.
But please, forgive me, your highness.
But I know why a snail carries its house on its back.
But I will tell you that lately the duke has been displeased with his niece, and for no other reason than that people praise her virtues and pity her for her father’s sake.
But I agree, sir, that we were locked out.
But I bet Fortinbras will win the election to the Danish crown.
But I see you’re troubled.
But I do think it’s the husband’s fault if we wives cheat on them.
I don’t feel anything.
But I would rather abstain from everything for four days than drink so much in one.
But there’s reason for me to look more closely at this schoolmaster.
But I’ve often heard him argue that when sons are at their prime and their fathers are declining, the sons should be their fathers' guardians and manage their fathers' money.
But I don’t have any good sides.
But I spoke with someone who saw Cawdor die, and he said that Cawdor openly confessed his treasons, begged your highness’s forgiveness, and repented deeply.
But I have a legitimate son a few years older than this one, and I don’t love him any more than I love my bastard.
But, hey, this doesn’t mean you’re looking to get married, does it?
If I know nothing about pity, that must mean I’m not an animal.
All I know is that staying up late is staying up late.
But I could see that Cupid’s fiery arrow was put out by watery, virginal moonbeams, so the royal virgin continued her virginal thoughts without being interrupted by thoughts of love.
But I will tell you this very plainly: I have challenged Claudio, and either he’ll accept the challenge or admit he’s a coward.
But I know you’d never force me to tell you things I don’t want to, so I should be polite and tell you what I can.
But please, tell him how well I faked a faint.
But excuse me,  Yes, I’m talking about Launcelot, sir.
But please tell me, is my boy—God rest his soul—alive or dead?
But please tell me, who’s his best friend?
But please tell me, can you read anything you see?
But I have to remember that I’m here on Earth, where doing evil is often praised, and doing good is sometimes a stupid and dangerous mistake.
But I beg your pardon.
But soon I’ll see the gods punish you for your lack of respect to your father.
But my daughter should know about this, so she can be prepared with an answer just in case.
But I won’t leave this spot, no matter what they do.
But I’ll punish them thoroughly.
But I’ll linger.
I’ll tell you at a better time.
But I’ll marry you under different circumstances—with extravagant festivals, public festivities, and celebration.
But I’ll write again to Mantua, and I’ll keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
I’ll warm myself by blowing on the fire.
Still, I’d hate to see my former dreams return.
But I, who have never known how to beg and never had to beg, am starved for food, dizzy with lack of sleep, kept awake with curses and fed with brawling.
But honestly, I should have been a woman.
I’ll punish you so harshly that you’ll regret causing me this loss.
He’s not your man.
I’ll scratch out your eyes, even if they could fly.
But I’ll go in.
But I’ll stop rebuking you.
But I’ll see you soon.
And even if they don’t, at least Hero’s supposed death will stop the rumors of her infidelity.
If he’s nearby, I want an explanation.
If he hadn’t been drunk, he would’ve really roughed you up.
But if I gave my wife a handkerchief— Then what?
But if I were smart enough to get out of this forest, I’d be wise enough to satisfy myself.
But if it is a sin to be selfish about honor, I am the most guilty soul alive.
The only possible interest I could take in you would be to hit you on the head with a stool, paint your face with blood, and make a fool out of you.
But if she can’t love you, sir?
But if I am myself, then I know for sure that your weeping sister is not my wife.
But if the cause is not just, the king himself will have a lot to answer for, when all those legs and arms and heads chopped off in battle shall join together on Judgment Day crying, “We died at such and such a place.” Some will be swearing, some crying for a surgeon, some for the wives that are destitute without them, some about the debts they owed, some for their children left unprovided for.
But if we have reasons that are strong enough to ignite cowards into action and to make weak women brave—and I think we do—then, countrymen, what else could we possibly need to spur us to action?
But if you die before I return, you’ll have made a mockery of my efforts.
But if you have sex with her before the marriage ceremony takes place, the heavens will not bless your relationship, but will overwhelm you with hate, contempt, and discord, and will poison your marriage bed so that you both grow to loathe it.
If your love was anything like mine—and I’m sure that no man has loved as I love now—exactly how many ridiculous actions did your fantasizing lead you to?
Even if we fail at that, we can still fight him on land.
But if you remember, I didn’t tell you to parody the style.
But if you decide not to marry me, you’ll marry this faithful shepherd instead?
But if you fail, you have to leave immediately.
But if you have the stomach for it, you’ll have all the help from me you need.
But if you didn’t know about it, then you were wrong to get mad at us.
But I’ll admit I don’t care for you.
I will accept no apology until experts in matters of honor show me how to make peace with you without staining my own reputation in doing so.
But as it stands, I wish I could believe it wasn’t.
But in this case of wooing, a child shall father his own father—if my wits don’t fail me.
But since your father doesn’t want him to marry you, you have to consider Demetrius to be the better man.
But in your daughter’s womb I will bury them.
Actually, an old religious uncle of mine taught me how to speak, and he was brought up in the city.
Is all of this about your father?
But is he often like this?
Doesn’t anyone else want to see this, and hear breath wheezing out from broken ribs?
But what’s the upshot of her admiration?
But how?
But my hair looks good anyway, doesn’t it?
All ladies love me, except you.
But it’s no treason for an Englishman to cut off a French crown—a head, I mean—and tomorrow the king himself will do some snipping.
But it doesn’t matter.
Oh well.
But it’s true—I don’t want to get all mushy and go on and on, but the good Antonio, the honest Antonio—oh, if I only had a title good enough to match his!— Come on, get to the point.
But not for long; Charles will take care of everything.
But it’s enough to know that the day will end, and then the end will be known.
But the critics and I found it to be an excellent play, with well-ordered scenes that were clever but not fancy.
But you would be more honorable if you changed your mind.
But he would feel even better if I could tell him that you had left Antony and put yourself under his protection.
But jealous people don’t think like that.
But I will tell you that I seduced Margaret, the Lady Hero’s waiting woman, tonight.
But leave it all to God.
Instead, lend it to me as your enemy.
But I didn’t want you to think that I’m hasty in my emotions.
I’d better stop up my ears against this siren’s song.
But let her live.
Hurry!
But let it go.—Now, Litio, it’s your turn.
But let me hear the letter from your friend.
But let me try my luck on the boxes.
But that’s another story.
Let them judge us however they please.
We must form a better opinion of ourselves if our uprising can pull the insatiable Antony’s attention away from that Egyptian widow.
If I’m killed, it will only be the death of a man who was willing to be dead.
But life itself, my wife, and the whole world aren’t more valuable to me than your life is.
But if a man becomes weary of these obstacles, he can always kill himself.
Not much.
But do this: find your brother, wherever he is.
But Macbeth is.
But you can make it up to me.
All this conversing has turned men into tongues—and fancy ones, at that.
But, look, poor me, what a terrible tragedy is here!
But men tend to interpret things however suits them and totally miss the actual meaning of the things themselves.
But still, my uncle-father and aunt-mother have got the wrong idea.
Nature would produce its harvests in abundance, to feed my innocent people.
But when you are with him, your angel is weakened and easily frightened.
It’s only just now nine o'clock.
The next day I explained all this to him, which was as good as begging his pardon.
No metal—not even the executioner’s axe—could ever be half as sharp as your hatred.
But I won’t let myself fall for him any more than your permission allows.
But no more spooky visions!—Where are the messengers?
He received me with courtesy and sufficient respect, but not with affection, nor with as much open and friendly conversation as he once greeted me.
But not a member of the royal family, like me.
But listen to me, signor—
But you should hurry anyway.
Now in the factory of thought, create the image of all London pouring forth into the streets.
But now I see our weapons are like straws, our strength like a straw’s weakness, and our weakness past comparison, so that we seem to be the thing we most are not.
Just a minute ago I was the owner of this beautiful mansion, master of these servants, and queen over myself.
But now I have joyful news for you, girl.
But the way he’s divided the kingdom recently, nobody can tell which of the dukes he favors more.
But my eyes, which I’ve darted at you, haven’t even left a mark.
Yes, the duke of Buckingham and I have just returned from visiting him.
But now they rise from the dead with twenty fatal head wounds and push us off our stools.
Now, Baptista, let’s turn to your younger daughter.
But now, I tell you—keep it to yourself, though—those enemies of mine are being put to death today, and I’m better than I’ve ever been.
But what do you say to my request?
Yes, just now, my lord.
But we can talk more about that tomorrow, when we’ll discuss matters of state that concern us both.
But, oh, it makes me bitter to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
But oh, how odd it is to have to ask for my child’s forgiveness!
But oh, what a deceiver he turned out to be!
There’s justice in heaven after all!
But a lot of old people act like they’re already dead—sluggish, slow, fat, and colorless, like lead.
But I can’t be too obvious about being on your side without risking the life of your stepbrother, young George.
Just one glass.
I’ll fight every one of these devils if I have to, one at a time.
But one word more— He will not be commanded by you.
I had only one child, one poor child, one poor and loving child, the one thing I had to rejoice and comfort myself, and cruel Death has stolen it from me!
will damage your reputation with them—and under ordinary circumstances it would be unfortunate to have them see you as an ogre.
It’s definitely Maria’s handwriting.
But love gives them power, and time gives them the chance to meet, sweetening the extreme danger with intense pleasure.
Only describing what you have ruined.
But tell me seriously who it is.
But please, tell me: is he coming home?
Well, I think that even if it weren’t on record, the truth would be remembered from one generation to the next—all the way to Doomsday.
Is it lunchtime?
I can only repeat what I’ve said before.
You know that we parted only seven years ago, in Syracuse.
But will it be soon?
But can I have some hope?
But will I wear these honors for only a day or will I enjoy them for a long time?
But Miranda is so much more beautiful, you can’t even compare the two.
But she is no virgin.
But she is now Mark Antony’s wife.
Instead, she puts flowers in the boy’s hair and makes a fuss over him.
But she, your subject, hates such a king.
But ships are just fragile boards, and sailors are just men.
But since Laertes is better, we’ve given him a handicap.
I’m ready to suffer peacefully whatever he does to me in his cruelty and anger.
But since this has happened, you should fix it for your own good.
But since the affairs of men are always uncertain, let’s think about the worst that may happen.
But major issues must come before minor ones.
But wait a minute.
Wait, look!
But quiet, be quiet a minute.
But wait a minute, please.
What’s this?
But wait a minute!
But go on.
But tell me, are you speaking seriously?
But tell me, Egeus.
Wait!
Don’t stick your head out into the public street to stare at the Christian fools with painted faces.
So get ready to leave.
But give them all a good dinner and look after them well.
But I’m afraid we’ll never get him to agree to be king.
It was just that the showiness of his grief sent me into a fury.
I laugh at any weapon used by a man who was born from a woman.
But taste my story, and relish it by paying attention.
But tell me honestly, are you sure you’re not insane?
But tell me this: don’t you know my voice?
But, tell me, is young George Stanley alive?
It’s obvious.
But tell us, did you hear anything about Antonio’s loss at sea?
If I weren’t forbidden to tell you the secrets of
No, that I don’t remember.
But if it’s not double-dealing, sir, I wish you’d deal me another.
But how strange that Beatrice should seem to know who I was and yet not know at the same time.
But constant expression of wild grief will only make it tame, so I’m not going to say any more about my boys until I’ve gouged your eyes out with my bare hands.
But two men complimenting each other is like two baboons getting together.
We age and die because they wear us out.
But you don’t love me.
She was your boot-wearing mistress and your warrior lover, and now that she’s getting married to Theseus, you’ve come to celebrate their marriage.
But no matter—I’ll get back at him soon enough.
But if you see a wheel going uphill, latch on for the ride.
But the really unbelievable thing is—and this is incredible— As most unbelievable things are.
Yes, but I didn’t see anything wrong, and I heard every syllable they said.
Companions in sorrow alleviate our grief.
But no beautiful woman has an honest face.
The problem is that they have to compete with a group of children who yell out their lines and receive outrageous applause for it.
But once he got there, the duke learned that Lorenzo and his lover Jessica were together in a gondola.
be like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow from, has rejected me!
But here’s an old, true saying: “If you want to win France, start with Scotland.” For when the eagle England leaves her nest to seek prey, the weasel Scot always comes sneaking around to suck dry her princely eggs and, like the mouse when the cat’s away, destroy more than she can actually eat.
But there’s more work to be done.
But there is no end, absolutely none, to my sexual desires.
But you don’t look as if you bring good news.
But I can’t play a melody.
But Caesar ignores offers that don’t give him an advantage, and so should you.
They won’t pinch me, frighten me, push me in the mud, or mislead me unless he tells them to.
And you’re all sizzle.
But mortals like you aren’t allowed to hear this description of the afterlife.
Yes, your Highness.
But that’s not part of what I’m supposed to say.
But this is a sure thing: the snake’s an odd snake.
The more I try to hide what I’m feeling, the bigger it gets.
But here’s the plan: our army will stay with us on the hills by the city.
Murder’s always horrible, but this one was especially horrible, weird, and unnatural.
Ah, this place is too cold to be hell.
But thinking like this won’t help me choose a husband.
But I surrender all this magic now, when I’ve summoned some heavenly music to cast a spell, as I’m doing now, I’ll break my staff and bury it far underground, and throw my book of magic spells deeper into the sea than any anchor ever sank.
But those who understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads.
Angry enough to run away.
You know I’m powerful enough to make you pay for this.
No, you entertain your suitors with mild and gentle conversation, quiet and pleasant.
But I have a sinking feeling anyway.
But you’re too good a friend for me to wish her on you.
But I need to remember I’m related to him by blood, not behavior.
But look, even if my dishes are poor, eat them with my best wishes.
But often in these cases, reports are just estimates.
However, I’ll do what I can for you.
But even if I thought you were right, it doesn’t matter.
But surely you’re not planning to
But you had bad blood in you, no matter how much you learned, and good people couldn’t stand to be near you.
But I won’t sleep till I get back.
Well, until that time, don’t come near me.
But it wasn’t until this afternoon that he broke out into violence.
Only to be generous and give it to you once more.
But though I was born here and should consider that tradition part of my own heritage, I think it would be better to ignore it than practice it.
He turned away twice and almost left him there.
I will, my lady, but a sane person reading this would make it sound crazy.
But truly, if I were as
But on the prettiest branches Or at the end of every sentence  I’ll write “Rosalinda,” Teaching everyone who can read that the essence of every spirit Is contained in this one woman.
But was this near the shore?
But now we don’t have to!
I like the morning.
But we’ll obey.
Thankfully, we have reason to cool our raging lusts.
But I’ll open the curtain and let you see the picture.
Kings have trembled to kiss this hand.
But, go on.
But if I were Brutus and Brutus were me, then I’d stir you up, and install in each of Caesar’s wounds the kind of voice that could convince even stones to rise up and mutiny.
If I weren’t a merciful man, I’d forget about your missing brother and punish you in his place.
When the day comes, I’ll wish it were nighttime, so I could sleep with the legal expert’s clerk.
But what a fool I am to stand here chatting when I should bid good morning to my bride and seal the bargain with a loving kiss.
But tell me, monsieur—what sport are the ladies missing?
What are you doing here in Elsinore?
But what about Cicero?
But so what?
But how would you praise a truly good woman, someone who had no reason to worry about what anyone said about her?
But what can be done to prevent it?
What do you think about Thursday?
But what’s this I see?
But why am I telling you this?
He writes brave poems, speaks brave words, makes brave promises, and then breaks them just as bravely.
Well, God bless this marriage!
But what’s your trade?
Instead of Celia, call me Aliena.
But has Catesby gone?
But, really, what’s going on, Clarence?
But I don’t get it—what’s the joke?
But what did you want?
When I tell him he hates flatterers, he agrees, just at the moment when I’m flattering him the most.
But when exactly will we see Benedick married?
But when push comes to shove, they droop like those horses that are all show and slow to a crawl.
But when our vices become habits—Oh, the sadness of it!—the wise gods blind us, shade our better judgment, make us love our mistakes, and laugh as we strut to our ruin.
But where have you been?
But where is Kate?
But whenever you feel a larger pain, the smaller one disappears.
But where will I lie tomorrow?
They should get to bed early and get plenty of sleep.
But where did this happen?
But where’s my fool?
But where’s the money?
But why aren’t you in your shop today?
But why couldn’t I say “Amen”?
But why did you tempt the heavens like that?
But why do you keep me here so long?
But why, you villain, did you kill my cousin?
Just let me say one prayer!
But try to control your speech.
But who is this?
But who is that?
But who’s that coming this way?
But who’s coming?
Now what?
But who would dare tell her?
But who’s with him?
But who was that man?
But why should my reputation for honor last longer than my honor did?
But why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do this, too?
Do you really mean to go after this wildcat?
But to say that Tybalt’s dead and then say, “Romeo has been banished.” To say that is like saying that my father, my mother, Tybalt, Romeo, and Juliet have all been killed, they’re all dead.
But go ahead and charm her, gentle Paris; make her love you.
Only yesterday the word of Caesar might have stood against the world.
But I still believe that his madness was caused by unrequited love.—Hello, Ophelia.
And yet for all that, if she didn’t hate him to death, she’d love him to death.
But you had better get back to Egypt again.
But I just can’t love him.
But I’m still afraid.
But I’m running ahead of myself.
But I’ll go out of spite, to feed off the wasteful Christian.—Jessica, my girl, watch the house.
But even so, I’ll make doubly sure.
It sure is.
And yet I feel it’s very hot and humid, which is bad for my complexion.
But you’re still my child, my flesh and blood—or rather you’re a disease in my flesh, a disease I still have to call my own.
But you must not attract iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
Which one will start yammering first, Gonzalo or Adrian?
I leave him in your care—but oh, if only I were still in his favor I could arrange for better care for him.
But if you would be willing to accept circumstantial evidence as proof, we can get that.
But yet, madam— I don’t like the sound of “but yet.” It reverses all the good that came before it.
You and I, and honest Casca, we have epilepsy—we’ve fallen.
But you’re no such man.
But you must learn to recognize such liars, or you will be greatly taken advantage of.
But you see my finger doesn’t have the ring on it.
But you’ll see that the very thing that joins them will be the thing that separates them.
But you, my noble lords, may name a time, and I’ll second it on the duke’s behalf, which I don’t think he’ll mind.
You’re perfect, without a rival in the world, made up of the best qualities of every creature.
An hour before you pulled me out of the breaking waves, my sister drowned.
But you promise you can keep a secret?
You’ll just lie there like sleeping dogs and say nothing.
But you’re wrong.
But this is bad!
But, unfortunately, Caesar has to bleed if we’re going to stop him.
But his ambition—for that, I killed him.
He picked out the letter “G” from the alphabet and said a wizard told him that “G” will take the throne away from his children.
But like I said, on the night of Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen.
But as I said, the general isn’t really in the mood to hear music now.
I’ll be back soon to wake up your generosity.
But Audrey, there’s a boy in the forest who claims you’re his girl.
But brother, I have some strange news for you.
But he’s got to build churches for that to happen, my lady, or else he’ll have to put up with being forgotten, like the hobby-horse in the popular song that goes, “Heigh-ho, heigh-ho, the hobby-horse is forgotten.”   What does this mean, my lord?
Could you tell me how near the enemy is?
But who cares.
Whether your banquet is first or last, your Egyptian cooking will make it the best.
One thing is certain: he’s out of control.
As for myself, it was Greek to me.
Oh, gods, give me patience!
But what about your guilty conscience?
But gentle heavens, don’t keep me waiting.
So, thank God, there is no real need for me, as I wouldn’t be able to help you much.
But mock me gently, dear Kate, because I love you terribly.
But wait, what’s that sound?
But listen, Charmian.
I hear his footsteps.
But let me place this wreath on your head.
But please don’t let any of your people wake me up.
But when I say so, I swear she turns white as a sheet.
But you’d still be gorgeous even if you were as proud as the devil.
But I promise you, Kate: the older I grow the better I’ll look.
But really, are you the one who’s been hanging on the trees those poems that speak so admiringly of Rosalind?
But in loving me, you would love the friend of France, for I love France so much that I will not part with a single village of it.
But, Lepidus, go to Caesar’s house.
But let me see, by ten we shall each have captured a hundred Englishmen.
But like a misbehaved, sullen girl, you’re whining about your bad luck and your love.
But a terminal disease requires extreme treatment, or nothing at all.
But look, Cassius, Caesar looks angry and everyone else looks as if they’ve been scolded.
But mistress, know yourself.
But, sir— Why should you do this, you want to know?
But, my lord, this boy was born in the forest and has been schooled not in the usual subjects but only in magic.
But, my good lord, the words of you and Lord Buckingham are as trustworthy to me as if I had seen and heard him speak myself.
But, oh no!
But
Six Barbary horses, six French swords with accessories, and three imaginatively designed carriages—sounds like a French bet against the Danish.
Tell us, Othello.
But Roderigo, if you’re as courageous and determined as I think you are, then wait just a bit longer.
But step aside, fairy!
But listen to me; let me guide you.
Even the traits that become me most kill me when you don’t approve of them.
But, sir, here comes your servant.
But I’ll deliver Sir Andrew’s challenge by word of mouth, describing Sir Andrew as courageous in battle and convincing the young gentleman that Sir Andrew is furious, impetuous, and a skilled fighter (he’ll believe me because he’s young).
Like gambling, sir?
But you know, sirrah, we customarily say that the dead are well.
This is for your master’s sake, not mine.
But Angelo, you’ll pay for this, even if it costs all the precious metals in your jewelry shop.
But since I’ve gotten myself involved this far, because I’m so stupidly honest and because I like you so much, I’ll keep going.
But quiet.
But, hang on!
But, tell me, where is the noble Richmond now?
But we won’t shift the scene to Southampton until Henry reappears.
But like an unruly deer, he’s always trespassing past the park borders and straying away from home to feed in new pastures.
But if you were married, you’d wield some influence.
I pay you because you’re poor, not because you want me to buy this.
Yawn, snore.
By our Lady, I think that’s true.
Tell me, how did you get in here?
I’ll get there.
I’ll drink later.
A house, a person?
Jesus, he’s an ass if there ever was one!
By Jesus, he will defend his position on the practices of the ancient Roman wars as well as any military man in the world.
By Jesus, I think they will blow up everything if we don’t improve our tactics.
Christ, it’s a disaster.
I haven’t spoken to him since I sent him away from the marketplace earlier.
He constantly offends me.
Dromio?
We were pushed out of power by evil deeds, as you call them.
Good heavens, those are difficult directions.
By God, I order you to speak.
I swear I’m not lying.
I saw him holding the handkerchief!
By God, I will tell the king about these taunts.
I’ll get it from you, I swear.
I swear, if anyone holds me back, I’ll make a ghost of him!
It’s as common for us old people to assume we know more than we do as for young people to be too wild and crazy.
My God, it’s the same one I gave the judge!
My God, that’s my handkerchief!
He will, sir, if He wants to.
I swear to God you’re accusing me wrongly!
By God, I’m going to tell the duke how slack you’ve been.
By Hercules, I think I’m right.
By the Lord who raised me to this weighty post from the happy and carefree life I used to enjoy, I promise you I never did anything to get the king to turn against the duke of Clarence.
By Isis, I’ll give you bloody teeth if you ever compare Caesar with Antony, my best man among men.
Block up my house’s ears—I mean the windows.
I don’t think so.
By Jesus, I am your Majesty’s countryman, and I don’t care who knows it.
By Jove that thunders!
By God, I am not selfish when it comes to money: I don’t care who eats at my expense.
By the god Jupiter above, I swear “No.” By Jupiter’s wife Juno, I swear “Yes.” They wouldn’t dare.
I swear by Jupiter I’ll never revoke this punishment.
By Jupiter, if I were Antony, I wouldn’t shave my beard today.
I swear I will, and if I ever break my promise let me turn into a monster.
I tell you truly, in true English: I love you, Kate.
By my count, I was already your mother at just about your age, while you remain a virgin.
Really, he’s very witty, and full of wise sayings.
Well then, you have good reason to be sad.
That’s some nap.
I swear by this hand and my father’s soul, the whole thing is a disaster.
Oh great, here come the Capulets.
Well, well, I don’t care.
I swear by my holy order, I thought you were smarter and more rational than this.
And I swear by my wickedness (if I had any) that I am a knave.
I swear on my life, which I take pretty seriously, even if I am a magician.
I swear I do.
I swear that nothing anyone can say will change my mind.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
Honestly, it’s not as good as the other one, and I’m sure your cousin will agree with me.
That’s a good song.
I swear, she’s a very good-natured lady.
I swear, he’ll be food for the crows soon.
God, I’m really sick.
I swear, I’m telling you what I honestly think.
I’ll tell you truly what I think about the king in my heart.
I was telling you to go after her, woo her, confront her.
I swear, you speak the truth.
Really, my lord, I don’t know what to make of it, but she loves him with such a passion that it’s past all understanding.
Oh Nerissa, my poor little body is tired of this great big world.
Really, niece, you’ll never get a husband if you keep saying such harsh things about people.
For God’s sake, Sir Toby, you’ve got to come home earlier at night.
Don’t say that—unless you want to be one of my friends.
I swear, this fool has an excellent singing voice.
Well, well.
It really is good to see you.
No, not at all, sir.
When he couldn’t what?
By our beards (if we had them), you are a knave.
With God’s help.
I know him well by reputation.
By running fast.
What else?
Tomorrow I’ll be at the depths of my misery thinking about the happiness my brother has achieved, in having what he wished for.
Such an expression of despair would only prove that I was guilty.
The clock says it’s daytime, but dark night is strangling the sun.
According to the laws of war, you didn’t have to fight a stranger.
By God, it does look like a camel.
On the way, we came across my wife, her sister, and their gang of vile associates.
By St. Paul, ghosts have struck more terror in my soul tonight than ten thousand of worthless Richmond’s soldiers could, dressed up in their most sword-proof armor.
By eight o'clock.
I swear by the sun that when I leave here, it will be as your faithful servant.
By nine o'clock.
I swear to God, madam, you’ve wronged me, and I’ll tell the whole world.
Good God, I was about to say something.
I swear by the mass, before I close my eyes to go to sleep, I’ll put in some good fighting, or I’ll lie in the ground dead.
I can tell that something wicked is coming by the tingling in my thumbs.
I swear, I think my wife’s faithful, and I think she’s not.
And this is what you told me he said: that he beat you and pretended his house wasn’t his and I wasn’t his wife.
I swear that Claudio will pay dearly for this.
I swear I am.
I swear by this hand that I love you.
I swear that gown’s for me.
Anyone who says that is a lying piece of garbage.
By that kind of logic, I should hate Orlando, since my father hates his father.
By this leek, I swear I’ll make you pay for this.
What a lying, drunken monster.
With this marriage, all the petty jealousies that now seem huge, and all the great fears that are dangerous in themselves, would disappear.
I swear by my sword, which killed the Shah of Persia and a Persian prince and defeated the Sultan Suleiman three times, that I would face the meanest-looking warriors on earth.
By this sword, I’ll kill whichever one of you makes the first thrust.
By this sword, I will.
It’s almost five o'clock.
I’ll be back here with you by two o'clock.
Why not?
What do you remember?
And though I wouldn’t dare to swear that you love me, still my blood begins to flatter me that you do, despite the ill effects of my face.
Whenever you’re ready, hostess.
Pardon me, but I’m just repeating what you yourself have said.
But I’m sorry—I’m not allowed to let you visit them.
If you don’t mind, I need to rest a bit.
No, I’d rather you stayed here.
I swear, it must be thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have always achieved more by delegating authority to their officers than by leading their troops in person.
Caesar and he are better friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are organizing their military operation.
Caesar and Lepidus declared war against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar resents me, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar loses supporters wherever he raises money.
Caesar has sent— Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself is in trouble and there are more adversaries than we expected.
Caesar is in a sober mood.
Caesar is upset.
Caesar is listening.
Caesar greets the Queen of Egypt and asks that you consider what you will ask from him.
I will go out.
They’re saying I’d be an animal without a heart if I stayed home today out of fear.
I will fight him there.
Caesar’s talking.
Caesar, the clock has struck eight.
Hail, Caesar!
He accuses me of withholding his share of Sextus Pompeius’ possessions, which we seized in Sicily.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I have news about Menecrates and Menas, notorious pirates who prowl the sea in a variety of ships.
I go, Caesar.
Caesar, I never believed in omens, but now they frighten me.
I will, Caesar.
Right away, Caesar.
Caesar, I will.
Yes, Caesar?
Caesar, you are revenged with the very same sword that killed you.
Caesar, you’re not going to be killed by a traitor—unless you kill yourself..
Caesar, you thought this would happen.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar?
Caesar’s better qualities exist in Brutus, and we will crown him.
Caesar’s sister is named Octavia.
What does Caesar want?
Caesar.
Caius Ligarius doesn’t like Caesar, who berated him for speaking well of Pompey.
Pile of dirt!
Call them.
Call the Duke of Burgundy.
Call Claudio and some of my other men.
Call out my household servants.
Get them in here—Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest.
Tell her to come to me.
Bring her out, brother.
Have him come to me here, soldier.
Call him over here, good Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my maid.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers and we’ll find out.
Say that it’s my fear that keeps you inside and not your own.
You can push my buttons, but you can’t play me for a fool.
Call my guard, please.
Call my sister that.
Call my knights together.
Don’t put me in the stocks.
Let me see Philostrate.
Call the numbskull back in here.
Call the messenger in.
Call that servant back.
Well, call them back again.
Get them in here.
Call yourself your own sister, because I want you.
Invite all my sad captains.
Call up the Master Constable Dogberry.
Did you just call me “beautiful”?
You have the nerve to call me daughter?
You call this a scale?
You call this sneering?
Did you call me?
Call to him, Mercutio.
Call him!
Did you call me, my lord?
Calling death banishment is like cutting off my head with a golden ax and smiling while I’m being murdered.
Did you call, my lord?
Did you call for me, your Worship?
Calphurnia, my wife, is keeping me at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s face is pale, and Cicero’s eyes are as red and fiery as they get when senators are arguing with him at the Capitol.
Cambio is transformed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Didn’t he come home last night?
Didn’t they pass by you?
Have you come from Bellario’s office in Padua?
Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate?
What on earth does that mean?
Is it possible Fulvia is dead?
Can he even get angry?
Can he deny it?
Can God be so jealous and hateful?
If I can bear that pain, then I can bear my husband’s secrets.
Can I go away while my heart stays here?
Can it be possible that no one saw them leave?
Can’t any prayers reach your heart?
Can a good thing hide itself?
How can you blame her, a tender young maiden still given to virgin blushes, for objecting to having a blind, naked boy appear before her?
Is there anything inaccurate in that?
Can you do that?
Can you ask around and find out?
Can’t you somehow use your dissatisfaction to your own advantage?
Can’t you understand what I’m saying?
Can’t you wait for a moment?
What were the primary evils he claimed women were guilty of?
Can you smell out his secret now?
Can you tell me whether Rosalind, Duke Senior’s daughter, has also been banished?
Can you tell me if a man named Launcelot, who lives with him, is still there?
I pray that God ends his life before I die, so I can say, “The dog is dead!”
Canidius and the others that left Antony are given hospitality here but no positions of trust.
Canidius, take our nineteen
Can’t a plain man live and do no harm to anyone without being taken advantage of by a bunch of slick, sneaky lowlifes?
Can’t Lord Stanley sleep?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to him?
Can you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your lute?
Can you remember the time before you came to live in this shack?
You think you can get rid of me that easily?
You can command a beggar to bow on bended knee, but can you take possession of his health?
Captain Fluellen!
Captain Jamy is a wonderfully valorous gentleman, that’s certain, one with great learning and knowledge concerning ancient warfare, I happen to know from his maneuvers.
Captain Macmorris, I beg your pardon, but would you grant me a discussion or two with you, see, partly touching on or concerning the practice of war, the Roman wars, for the sake of argument, see, and friendly conversation?
Captain Macmorris, I think, see—correct me if I’m wrong—there are not many of your nation— My nation?
Captain Macmorris, when we have more leisure, see, I will be so bold as to show you I know about the practice of warfare, and that’s that.
Captain, I have a favor to beg of you.
Every old man has worries, and worried men never get any sleep, but young men shouldn’t have a care in the world.
It was carried to Colmekill to be placed in the tomb of his ancestors, where their bones are kept safe.
Carry him to my best room—gently, so he doesn’t wake—and hang all my erotic paintings around him.
Take me off to jail?
Take this mad wretch to jail.—Father-in-law Baptista, will you see that he’s available to appear in court?
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what’s the matter.
Brutus, what will we do?
It’s Casca—I know your voice.
Casca, you’ll be the first to raise your hand.
Ask your husband if you doubt me.
Cassio was attacked here in the dark by Roderigo and men who escaped.
Cassio doesn’t know you.
Cassio can have my job.
Cassio, do you know who might have stabbed you like this?
Cassio’s killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio’s a handsome man.
Cassio’s a good friend of mine—My lord, I can see you’re upset.
I’ll kill myself to save myself from slavery.
Cassius, stand firm.
Cassius, don’t take it badly.
Cassius, go to the next street and divide the crowd.
Cassius, what a night this is!
Let it go.
Leave out the water.
Get rid of your low-class trapping,” she said.
Catesby, fly to the duke.
A drum!
Catesby.
No one admires speed more than the lazy.
Be wise when you criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly.
I have come to announce that Juno has asked you, Ceres, goddess of the fields and the earth, to leave your rich farms of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and peas, the hills where the
Then certain ones.
Absolutely, people should be what they appear to be.
I’m sure I’ll feel guilty if I run away from this Jew, my master.
Sure I can, father.
Cesario is my name—your servant’s name—fair princess.
Cesario, come here.
Cesario, you missed your appointment with me.
Stop!
Challenge the count’s young servant to a fight.
Are you blushing?
Charles, I thank you for your loyalty to me, and you’ll see that I’ll reward you.
Do you hear that, Charmian?
Charmian!
Unpunished!
Cheer yourself.
Cheers, boys.
Cheer up, good Adam.
Do I blame Nature for being so thrifty?
Oh no, sir, I won’t let him go, sir, not without a good reason.
I’ll knock your teeth out, sir.
Choose your revenge.
Chop off his head.
What is this fuzzy logic?
Cicero is dead, by their decree.
Cicero too?
Clarence is still alive; Edward is not only alive, he’s king.
Claribel, his daughter.
Claudio!
Cleopatra summoned him.
Cleopatra— Do you think there ever was, or could there ever be, a man such as the one I dreamed about?
Cleopatra— How could I have ever thought that you would be faithful and true, even though your vows of love shook the heavens themselves—you, who were unfaithful to Fulvia?
If Cleopatra hears even a breath of this, she’ll die immediately.
Don’t insult my master’s generosity by killing yourself.
Cleopatra, our conquest won’t include either the things you kept back or the ones you listed.
Very near, my master.
You couldn’t beat the two of them apart.
Use your clubs and spears!
Cobweb.
Then they’re cold friends to me.
You’re cold, cold, and you were never hot with lust.
Has your heart cooled toward me?
Are you coming again for ransom?
Come on, sweet Audrey.
Let’s go.
Come on, servant, come.
Let’s follow him.
Come break this up, Benvolio.
Come to my room later on.
Come down, look no more.
Come down.
Come out, I order you.
Come out, you frightened man.
Come out.
Get out of that position, because I can disarm you with my magic wand and make your sword drop.
Come here, captain.
Come here, Catesby.
Come here.
You too, Fabian.
Come here, you.
Come here, man.
Come over here, gentlemen, and put your hands on my sword again.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Come here, herald.—Let the trumpet sound!—Read this out.
Come here, Sir Andrew.
Come here, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come here, ma'am.
Come here, Sir Seacole.
Come over here, nurse.
Come here, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, boy.
Come here, you wretch!
Wake up the moon goddess with a hymn!
Come on in, tailor.
Come on, let’s all go inside.
Come like shadows and depart in the same way!
Don’t come in here, uncle!
Don’t go near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
Now, what kind of entertainment do we have to fill up the long three hours between dinner and bedtime?
Now, don’t forget, you promised me something.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on, then.
I’m critical by nature.
Come on, come on.
Come on, relax, dear.
Come, let’s continue on toward your father’s house.
Come on, Nerissa, I have many things to do that you don’t even know about yet.
Tell me what you’ve done with the money I entrusted to you.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, get ready.
Come on.
Come on.
Let’s go.
We’re still waiting for one more.
Come in out of the storm.
By next week, I’ll be able to pay you.
Come on.
Come then, kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my lips.
Do they come from good families?
Don’t come again to ask for my ransom, good messenger.
Come along with us, Signor Fabian.
Come talk to me about this.
Tyrrel, come back shortly after dinner and tell me the details of their deaths.
Get to the point now.
Come, Ariel—I summon you with a thought.
He was on his way here with your wife.
Did old Bellario send you here?
Have you come to make confession to this father?
Come on, you.
Now come along.
Come on!
We’re all waiting for the revenge!
Come on, Antonio.
Call the priest.
Come on, you can go.
Come on, Balthasar, let’s hear that song again.
Come on, be a man.
But come on, start.
Come, ask me to do anything for you.
Come here.
Come, blade, drench my breast with blood.
Come with me, boy.
Come on, boy.
Come, firebrands, over here!
Let me take my chances.
Come, bring me to them.
Come on, take us to him.
Come on, brother!
Hurry, hurry—prepare my horse.
Come on, Casca, you and I will go see Brutus at his house before sunrise.
Play with me, Charmian.
I wish night would come, like a widow dressed in black, so I can learn how to submit to my husband and lose my virginity.
Come, and you can have a queen.
Come, let’s be off!
Come, come away.
Come, come with me, and we’ll do the job quickly.
Come on, come on.
Come, come, hurry up.
Come on, do you think I can’t recognize you by your excellent wit?
Come on now, wine is good for you, if you know how to use it.
Come, let’s go to the dance.
I won’t play the fool anymore and just cry while my husband and his man laugh at me.
Come on, you can be as angry as any guy in Italy when you’re in the mood.
Come, come, we’re worrying about the worst-case scenario.
Come, come, I know what you’re referring to, Richard.
Come on, take control of your feelings.
Come on, you’re a fool, and driven to extreme measures by love.
Come, come, you weak, ungovernable worms!
Come on.
Come on, you’re drunk.
Listen to you!
Come, come.
Come and get it!
Come on.
Come on, niece, I’m sure you love him.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come on, Desdemona, I’ve only got an hour of love to spend with you, to tell you what you need to do.
Come, Dolabella.
Come, this way to the rowboat.
Come on, close the curtain, Nerissa.
That’s enough, Dromio, please.
Come, father, I’ll leave you at a friend’s house.
Get ready for the third hit, Laertes.
All right, Friar Francis, let’s keep this short.
Come, gentlemen, let’s discuss tomorrow’s action in my tent.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go in.
That’s enough.
Come on, let’s go inside.
Come on, let’s go see the king.
Come on, let’s go see King Edward.
Come away with me.
Come with me; I’ll spy under the tents to see if any of my own people plan to desert me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come on, my dear Greek philosopher.
Come on, good fellow, help me into that armor you’re carrying.
Come, Grey.
Come shake hands with Laertes, Hamlet.
Here, hang them on this clothesline.
Carry your master out.
Come on, what would you say about me?
Come, I’ll show you your bridal chamber.
Come on, I’ll take you, but honestly I’m only doing it out of pity.
Come, I’ll place you among the sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I’ll escort you to dinner.
If I’m going to sing along with you, I need to know what key you’re singing in.
Come, explain.
Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come, Kate, let’s go to bed.
Bring me a bigger one.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
Come, let’s go.
Come, let’s have an early dinner so that we have time to work out our plans.
Come on, let’s get to the banquet.
Let’s go up to the castle.
Come, let’s join our hands until the overpowering wine makes us soft and forgetful.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Let’s go.
Let’s do that.
Come, let’s have one more extravagant night.
But come, lords, will you come with me to Edward’s room to comfort him?
Run off, go visit fairs and festivals!
Let’s go, Menas.
Come, mistress Kate, I’ll join you.
Come on, another stanza—is that what you call 'em, “stanzas”?
Come with me, my dear Cordelia.
While we’re walking, you can tell me how I ended up sleeping on the ground with these humans last night.
Come on, my lord.
Now go and get me some booze.
Come, my sweet Kate.
Come on, put your sword away, my little soldier.
Let’s go, Nerissa.—
Come, night.
To hell with your sword.
Yes, hand me one too.
Come, last of my friends, rest on this rock.
Come on, get ready.
I won’t have anything to do with it.
Come, Romeo.
Come, find the conspirators!
Come on, can I get you two to make up?
Shall we get started?
Shall we get to work?
Indeed, my lord, the gloomy Jaques grieves over these deaths.
Well, should we hear some music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there’s nothing you can do about it.
Come on, sir, let’s go.
Come on, I’ll fight you.
Come on, sir, please.
No, sir, I won’t let you go.
Come, husband, let’s go to lunch.
Tell us about the letters that you got from France.
Come on, sir, will you come aboard?
You threw it at her rudely, and she wants you to take it back.
Come with me, sir.
Come, sir, no more.—Oswald, come here!
Come, everyone.
And don’t be proud.
Come, sisters, let’s cheer him up and show him our talents.
Now sit down, everybody, and rehearse your parts—Pyramus, you start.
Come sit on me.
Come, sit, sit, and sing me a song.
Hey, let’s have some music here!
Come on, music!
Come on, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Come, sweet Audrey.
Come, tailor, show it to us.
Now, tailor, let’s see what you’ve got.
Please, don’t mention her.
Come, sweet nymphs, and help us celebrate the wedding of two true lovers.
Play your flutes!
Come, here’s some sauce to go with it.
Come, then, and send his body to Thasos.
You’re whiter than snow on the black wings of a raven.
Separate me from life with your sharp teeth.
Come on, you turtle!
Come, put it over my face.
Come, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, enter Harfleur.
Come, Vaughan.
Alright, here’s the vial.
Take good care of him.
Come, warble for me.
Come on, we’re wasting precious daylight.
Come on, let’s put him in a dark room and tie him up.
Yes, let’s go to sleep.
Come on, what did Romeo say?
Where’s the necklace?
Come, why be so hesitant?
Will you come with me?
I’m in a good mood now and likely to give you what you want.
Come on, you and I will go soon.
Come on, you’re being too hard on yourself.
Come on, you’re fooling yourself.
Come on, you keep getting paler.
Come on, tell me in broken music—for your voice is music and your English broken.
Come with me.
All right, then.
Come on.
Let’s go.
A better example—come on.
Let’s play.
Come.
Is Caesar visiting the Capitol tomorrow?
Is his army approaching?
Doesn’t that rising blush suggest that she is virtuous and innocent?
Is there any more, or is that it?
Give me comfort.
Traveling from Sardis, two mighty eagles fell on our front flag and perched there, eating from the hands of the soldiers who’d accompanied us to Philippi.
Command this man to leave.
Give him my respects, and tell him I’ll definitely be there for dinner, since I know he has gone to great lengths for this meal.
Give my regards to Hastings, Catesby.
Give my love to my kind husband.
Give my regards to your lady, and tell her to hurry everybody in the house to bed.
Give my compliments to your lady.
Sing my praises to your mistress.
Give my regards to your daughter.
What have you done?
Get out of here, my friend.
I hear someone coming.
Go lodge a complaint about this with the duke.
Repent and avoid damnation.
Where’s my father?
I can imagine more than I can say—I have more on my mind than words.
Procreation is a good thing, but if your daughter gets pregnant … look out, friend.
A conclusion, a conclusion: he is in love.
Bring me to my host, Macbeth.
Confess and love” is more like it.
Ask her to help you get back your position.
This is the way to trick gullible fools.
All cooped up together, just as you ordered, all imprisoned in the grove of linden trees that protects your room from bad weather.
Then it’s confirmed!
The worst thing imaginable has happened.
The cure for confusion is not yelling and screaming.
Conrade, I say!
And you’re right to do so.
Conscience,” I say, “you give good advice.” “Devil,” I say, “you give good advice.” If I listened to my conscience, I’d stay with the Jew my master, who’s a devil.
Pay for something I never got?
Agree to swear.
Consider how poorly this reflects on me.
Please keep in mind we’re only here out of spite.
In Alexandria he condemned Rome, and that’s not all.
Struggling with the wind and rain.
Calm down, gentle cousin.
Happy with Hermia?
Enough, gentlemen.
It’s a deal.
Good idea.
Agreed.
Take her to my tent.
We’ll cool the mixture with baboon blood.
If I can believe my eyes, this is a fine sight to see.
Antipholus, aren’t you originally from Corinth?
Let’s stay and watch a while.
But could beauty be related to anything better than goodness?
Though I expect she’ll wear me out more quickly than I’ll wear out what I’m wearing—which will be good for her and even better for me!
Could my good brother-in-law—a man to whom the
A snake could do that as easily as you could.
Didn’t you figure out that I left you because I hate you?
Can’t you find a reason without my giving you one?
Claudio?
Count how many times the clock chimes.
Claudio, take my daughter, and, with her, take my fortunes.
Fake, I’m telling you.
Pretending?
Count Claudio, when do you plan to go to church and be married?
Put it together with something else.
Have courage, man.
Amen.
Polite sir, let me say one thing.
Buckingham, I need to have a word with you.
Cousin, you didn’t used to be so thickheaded.
Niece, you are exceptionally perceptive.
Kinsmen, I hope the time is coming when people will be safe in their own bedrooms.
Cousins, you all have work to do.—Oh, I beg your pardon.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Faster, Eros, faster.
Did he cry?
Stop whining, devil.
Never contradict him.
If we crown him, I have to admit we’d be giving him the power to do damage.
Go ahead.
I have money in my purse and property at home, so I’m off to see the world.
Cry, “whoa!” to your tongue, please.
Just cry out, “Ah me!” Just say “love” and “dove.” Say just one lovely word to my good friend
Pardon me, lords and gentlemen who stayed awake.
Ask this man’s forgiveness, love him, and accept his offer.
Damn it!
How clever of you.
Cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this.
Cure her of that.
Don’t damn yourself.
I curse myself for doing that!
Damn your stones for disappointing me like this!
Cut my corset laces, Charmian, so I can breathe.
That’s enough for one lesson.
You devil, you’ve put a spell on her!
Do you dare kill a friend of mine?
It’s hard to see clearly in the dark of night, but it’s easier to hear well.
Hell and damnation!
Dat it not be de custom pour les ladies of France—I cannot tell vat is  To kiss.
Day and night, hour after hour, all the time, at work, at play, alone, in company, my top priority has always been to find her a husband.
You are dead!
Dead, dead?
She’s dead, I think.—Help, uncle!—Hero, why Hero!
Is she dead, then?
Is she dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia—I already look much happier than I feel, but you want me to look even happier?
Dear Macduff, I beg you, tell us you were lying and say it isn’t so.
Dear general, I never gave you any reason to hate me.
You and I cannot be held within the confines of a country’s arbitrary customs, dear Kate.
My boy, it’s true.
My dear lady— Please let me say something, I’m begging you.
Dear lady, welcome home.
Sweet Montague, be true.
Dear master, I can’t go any farther.
Please, my lord, don’t be friendly with her.
My dear lord, if it was you who conquered her and took her virginity— I know what you’re about to say.
My dear lord, tell me what’s bothering you.
Please stop, sir.
Dear master, listen to me.
The answer, my dear, is that they didn’t dare, because the people of Milan loved me too much.
I love you dearly, Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the best way to cover over her shame.
She’s dead, like a beautiful flower, killed by an unseasonable frost.
Death didn’t conquer
A person can only pay with their life once, and she has paid in full.
Curse you!
To repay her for her troubles, Death Gives her undying fame.
Death has sucked the honey from your breath, but it has not yet ruined your beauty.
Death, which has taken her away to make me cry, now ties up my tongue and won’t let me speak.
Like hell!
Well, death is the end for everybody.
Decius Brutus doesn’t love you.
Decius, go tell them that Caesar won’t come.
Good point, Decius.
Say what you’re here for.
Defend yourself!
Don’t delay, Caesar.
Delay this marriage for a month, or a week.
Don’t ask me anything.
Demand.
Demetrius is an admirable man.
Demetrius loves her, and he doesn’t love you.
You’re the beautiful one as far as Demetrius is concerned.
Demetrius doesn’t think so, and that’s all that matters.
Demetrius, I’m ready to fight you as promised.
Den it shall also content me.
Denmark’s a prison.
If you refuse, let an eternal curse fall on you.
How can they refuse to speak with me?
Come down, brother.
You have to be my torchbearer for the masquerade.
Descend.
Ask him to go in.
Give it up and go drink.
What, from myself?
Myself?
I do hate
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, killed!
Don’t keep anything back, I insist.
Easily, madam.
Didn’t you hear it?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Diana ever beautify a grove as much as Kate beautifies this room with her queenly movements?
Did a dragon ever hide in such a beautiful cave?
Did he ask about me?
Did he confess?
him terribly.
What, he never made you laugh?
He rejected my authority as much as yours.
Didn’t he say my brother has run away?
Did he treat you well when you saw him?
Did he charge interest?
Did heaven watch the slaughter and not send down any help?
Didn’t I deserve anything more than a fool’s head?
Didn’t I tell you to meet me outside and bring these morons with you?
Didn’t I meet up with your allies?
Didn’t I tell you she was innocent?
Didn’t I?
Charmian, did I ever love Caesar as much as this?
When you were wooing Desdemona, did Michael Cassio know about it?
Did my father hit one of my attendants for scolding his fool?
Didn’t great Caesar bleed for the sake of justice?
And her cook yelled, mocked, and teased me, right?
Didn’t you say something?
Didn’t you tell me that I’d be able to recognize the man by the Athenian clothes he was wearing?
Did she see you there the whole time, old boy?
Did this fool with the yellow face feast and celebrate in my house today while the guilty doors shut in my face and locked me out of my own house?
Is this the work of an ambitious man?
Did we, my lord?
Did you plan Cassio’s death with him?
Did you talk with him?
Did you talk with this woman?
Have you ever cured anyone this way before?
Do you know him?
Haven’t you ever heard the saying, “Two can conspire to put one away”?
What a pretty picture, three fools all together.
Didn’t you talk to it?
Did you see how he laughed about sleeping with her?
Did you say all?
Did you say Cassio?
Did you see him?
Have you seen Master Lorenzo!
Did you send for him, sir?
You did it?
Was Queen Cordelia aggrieved by the letters you delivered?
Eros!
Did you hear her speak?
Did you see that?
Did you notice?
Did you see Octavia?
Were you dreaming, Lucius?
Did you give everything to your two daughters and end up like this?
Were you listening to these verses?
Didn’t you argue it out with your tailor for wearing one of his new suits before the right season?
Did you hear a noise?
But don’t you see what a    Did you hear someone?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
You killed this king, didn’t you?
Didn’t you just say he was?
Didn’t you call him a liar?
Did you see anything?
Then die and be damned!
To die for adultery?
Die where you have lived, in my arms.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I hired to perform the butchery, are used to killing people, the bloody dogs.
Ate at home?
Ding, dong, bell.
Right this instant, I’m going to Caesar’s funeral.
Do you see something wrong with that?
Or are you low, vulgar, and of the common people?
There is scorn and disdain in her eyes, and those sparkling eyes despise everything they look upon.
Don’t dishonor your mothers!
Unfaithful?
Didn’t this frighten our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?
Send me away?
Let me go.
I’ll be there shortly.
Draw your sword and get on your toes, because your assailant is quick, skillful, and deadly.
Maybe we can benefit from the same chaos that has defeated us.
Don’t take too long, unless you want our king to come after me to ask what’s holding things up, because he’s already landed here.
Now go find the forest ranger.
Hurry up.
Hurry.
Hurry.—Oh, love, if you could only watch the battle today and see how expert I am at my craft.
Fight it like a man.
Don’t simply hide your hatred.
Clouds, dissolve into rain, so that I could say the gods themselves are weeping!
Do that.
Do it.
Does everyone kill what they don’t love?
Do as I tell you.
Do as I asked you.
Do as I told you.
Do as you please, because I’m done worrying about you.
Just go after him and watch what he does next.
Just look.
Do promise, Kate, that you’ll do your French part to bring forth such a boy; and for my English half, take the word of a king and a bachelor.
Just read it.
Do I ask you to follow me?
What am I, a cane?
Do I speak to you kindly?
Do it immediately, or all your previous services to me were accidental, without purpose.
Just do it carefully.—And to think that the noble and loyal Kent has been banished, for the crime of telling the truth!
Don’t do it with poison.
Be quick.
I have the motivation, the willpower, the ability, and the means to do it.
Do it now.
Don’t play any nasty tricks on me.
lain.
Don’t deceive me.
Don’t talk back to me.
Don’t come near till you hear me call you.
I’d never play pranks on you.
Don’t ask me to talk about it.
For we may take pity on you, even if we can’t pardon you.
Don’t deny to him that you love me.
Please don’t say no.
Don’t ask to see this letter.
I’m sure you and my husband will be as friendly as you were before.
It’s not manly.
Don’t tire yourself out, monsieur.
Don’t go out today.
Don’t laugh at me, but I swear I think this lady is my child Cordelia.
Don’t listen to him, Emilia, even though he’s your husband.
Don’t sleep so close to me.
Don’t take my love for granted.
Don’t get up yet.
Do not run away.
Don’t say “banishment.” From now on, you are banished from Verona.
Don’t say that, Lysander.
Don’t say that, my lord.
Don’t.
Don’t swear at all.
Don’t talk to me, Emilia.
Then don’t make yourself too conspicuous.
I’m not that stupid.
By the way, I don’t want anyone thinking I’m drunk.
Don’t hurt me, please.
Don’t hurt me.
Don’t cry, don’t cry.
Don’t snap at me.
Didn’t you hear someone shouting?
Do you love me?
Don’t bother with it.
You’d better not wear your dagger in your cap that day, or he might slap your head with it.
We have not betrayed you.
Don’t do it, sir.
Do not, Phoebe.
Take pity on Poor Tom, who is persecuted by the devil.
Do that, and I’ll set you free in two days.
Do so, and tell my sweet to be ready to scold me.
Do so, good Messala.
Do so.
Do that.
Please do.
You need to.
Do the deed that will make this island yours forever, and will make me, Caliban, your worshipful foot-licker.
And the boys are winning so far?
Go ahead, but I won’t listen.
Are they getting rusty?
Are they as popular as they used to be when I lived in the city?
Do this immediately, and send him packing.
Do this immediately, and don’t stop searching and interrogating until you’ve brought home these foolish runaways.
You can stand in his place.
Meet me down at the harbor.—Come here.
Therefore, do your duty and take your reward, because my master and mistress are nearly frozen to death.
Do your job.
Go ahead, do your worst.
We’ll perform all the holy rites.
If we meet Macbeth’s army tonight, let us be beaten if we cannot fight.
Yes, let’s do that.
Are we bothering you?
Do whatever you want, and I’ll say your insults are just a bad mood.
Do something about it, then.
Do you believe his “offers,” as you call them?
Hey, are you biting your thumb at us?
Are you biting your thumb at us?
Look at me now!
You admit it, then?
Do you acknowledge the contract?
Don’t you agree that we owe it to him to tell him about this, out of duty and love?
Do you doubt I’ll write?
Make Cassio angry somehow, either by speaking too loud, or insulting his military skills, or however else you want.
Are you so patient and forgiving that you’re going to let him off the hook?
Are you backing away in fear?
Have you heard any news of impending battle?
Have you heard this, Cassio?
Do you hear that, men?
Listen up, you slave.
Do you?
Are you?
Were you thinking of spending the night here?
Do you know him?
Don’t you recognize me, father?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know me?
Do you know them?
Do you even know what you’re talking about?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you think it’s a good idea to rush?
Do you love me?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Don’t you trust my sword and these wounds?
He’s busy, can’t you hear him giving orders?
Don’t you hear it ring?
Don’t you hear me speaking?
Didn’t you hear her, guys?
Are you joking?
Don’t you know that I’m a woman?
You really don’t recognize me, father?
Don’t you remember how he saw a flea land on Bardolph’s nose and said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Do you remember a Venetian scholar and soldier who accompanied the marquess of Montferrat here once when your father was still alive?
Don’t you see that I’m out of breath?
Who do you obey here?
Are you playing tricks on me by showing me savages and uncivilized men from the Indies, ha?
Are you trying to start a fight?
Do you want my true opinion?
I didn’t see them.
Do you see that cloud up there that looks like a camel?
Do you see?
You sing, and I’ll dance.
Do you smell something naughty?
Are you ill?
Did you think I was talking about sex?
Do you think I’d break my oath?
Do you think you’ve won?
But you still wish the gods had made me poetical?
Why don’t you go away for a bit?
Oh, please do.
Thank you kindly.
Do that, my friend.
Do what he says, William.
Go ahead if you want, but remember that crying doesn’t suit a man.
Yes, if it doesn’t stand still.
Do it, and shout like the city’s on fire.
Please, young sir.
Yes, do that.
Does anyone here know who I am?
Is he talking nonsense?
Does she?
Aren’t things going well?
Performing is activity, and he is always doing that.
Dolabella, I will always be in debt to you.
Dolabella!
Dolabella.
Pain, yes indeed.
Fierce civil war will paralyze all of Italy.
Don Pedro is here.
Donalbain.
Here lies Hero, The heroic maiden killed by slanderous words.
You’re on.
Dorset has fled to the earl of Richmond.
Dorset, embrace Hastings.—Hastings, express your affection for the marquess of Dorset.
Did you fall?
You’ll grant me, you hedgehog?
Do you like her, Claudio?
Orlando, do you really believe that this boy can do everything he’s promised?
The sweet fool in a fool’s costume—that’s me.
Have you forgotten the torture I freed you from?
Do you hear what I’m saying, Iago?
Do you hear what I say, lady?
Do you hear, my friend?
You understand?
Do you maintain the same story?
Do you honestly think—tell me, Emilia—there are women who’d cheat on their husbands in such a disgusting manner?
Do you know me?
Do you know the difference, my boy, between a bitter fool and a sweet one?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you make your living by playing that drum?
Do you love me?
Do you like pictures?
Are you talking about the crown?
Are you making fun of me?
Do you bring me a letter from the friar?
Don’t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that its nurse will fall asleep?
Don’t you suspect my office?
Don’t you
Are you talking, you villain?
Do you really think so?
Are you squinting at me?
Do you think Alexander the Great looked like this when he was buried?
You think I care what I’m called?
Do you really think that if it came down to my word against yours, anyone would believe you?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand what I’m saying, man?
Has Fortune turned on me, like the whore she is?
Doesn’t he deserve it?
Isn’t he getting funnier?
Ugh!
Does that necessarily mean you should love his son?
Will it?
Do my simple features please you?
Don’t “ Yes, Nurse, what about that?
Haven’t I resisted even Brutus, begging from his knees?
Doesn’t my wit suit me well?
Won’t the dawn come from here?
Doesn’t Benedick deserve as much luck with a mate as he would have with Beatrice?
Doesn’t she realize how unworthy she is of the gentleman we have found to be her bridegroom?
rules my life.” Hmm, let me see, let me see, let me see.
Will the moon be shining on the night we’re performing our play?
Is it true that good King Edward has died?
Is your other mouth calling my name?
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
The armies were like two exhausted swimmers clinging to each other and struggling in the water, unable to move.
He’s a raven with the feathers of the dove.
Women are sex machines below the waist, though they’re chaste up above.
Get down on your knees and thank heaven for sending you such a good man.
Get him, he’s a thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Bring down that top sail!
Get down and swear it.
So get down on your knees and beg mercy from the duke.
Close, soft eyes.
Take out your sword and come on.
Draw your trustworthy sword, which you have used in such service to your country.
Hurry, hurry, close the curtain quick.
Draw the curtains, just like that.
Draw your sword and give me enough blows to kill me.
Take out your sword.
You’re    Pull out your tool now.
You take out your sword too.
Prepare your troops.
Draw your sword!
Draw your sword, you jerk!
Draw your sword, scoundrel.
Draw your sword, scoundrel, or I’ll slice your thighs like flank steak.
I am a villain.
Drink up.
Drink when I order you, servant-monster.
Dromio, you drone, you snail, you slug, you idiot!
Dromio, tell the servants to prepare for lunch.
Don’t you, Dromio?
Dromio, what stuff of mine did you put on a ship?
He sleeps all day like a cat.
Drowning is for cats or blind puppies—don’t drown yourself!
Drown yourself?
Drunk?
Sadness takes away our color.
Make her sterile and dry up her womb so that no baby will ever come out of her body and honor her.
For a necklace your husband had him make.
When Duke Frederick heard that great, worthy men were coming to this forest every day, he raised a large army to invade this land and fight his brother.
That’s right, you stupid thing.
Any minute.
Just as bad, my lord.
Exactly like that.
Like the  Oh stop it, you lusty bed-hopper.
Every heart in Rome loves and pities you.
Each day new widows howl, new orphans cry, and new sorrows slap heaven in the face, until it sounds like heaven itself feels Scotland’s anguish and screams in pain.
We’ll rise and leave early tomorrow.
Lazy people end up at the bottom, and you deserve to be at the top.
As Edgar, I’m nothing at all.
Edmund and I have talked, and it makes more sense for him to marry me than Goneril.
And also to find out the size of the enemy army.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Goodbye, Edmund.
Edmund, go find him.
Edward Plantagenet, why are you dead?
Yes, I am.
Queen, you knew very well that my heart was tied to your ship and that you would pull me along with you.
A hundred and sixty-eight hours?
We heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole for breakfast—for only twelve people!
Either be calm and polite or I’ll drown you out with the music of war.
Either let heaven send lightning to strike the murderer dead or let the earth open wide and devour him, as it does this good king’s blood.
Either my eyesight is failing me, or you look pale.
Send the necklace to her, or send me with a token that will authorize her to pay me.
Either there are wars in heaven, or else the world, too insolent toward the gods, provokes them to send destruction.
Either you, or I, or both of us have to go with him.
I’ll either fight you, Macbeth, or else I’ll put down my sword unused.
Either go someplace private, or talk it over rationally, or else just go away.
If not, then I’m a liar.
Ely joining Richmond troubles me more than Buckingham and his quickly assembled army.
It’s only for your willing and receptive ear.
Emilia, go to the castle and tell Othello and Desdemona what happened.—Will you please go now?
Well, enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep.
Enjoy your frankness; it suits you.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, with generous gifts besides.
I accept with thanks, Enobarbus.
That’s Enobarbus?
Enough to buy everything you have declared.
Enough, Captain.
That’s enough for me, then.
Enough of this.
Enough.
Got it?
Sir, enter the castle.
They’re such oversexed gluttons that I feel like we’re living in a pub or a whorehouse rather than a respectable palace.
Before he leaves this part of the forest, you’ll change places: you’ll be the one running away, and he’ll be in love with you.
shifts, friends, to Southampton.
Before I learn how to love, I’ll learn how to follow orders.
Before I open this letter, please tell me how my good friend is doing.
I’d rather be a baboon than kill myself out of love for some woman I can’t have.
So I’d like it copied.
Before the bat flies through the castle, and before the dung beetle makes his little humming noise to tell us it’s nighttime, a dreadful deed will be done.
Oh, no.
Eros, can you still see me?
Eros, would you like to look through a window in Rome and watch your master marching in Caesar’s victory parade, his arms crossed and tied, his head bowed in submission, his face red from shame, while the chariot of triumphant Caesar precedes him, putting the final stamp to his humiliation?
Error in the bill, sir, error in the bill!
You saw eternity in my lips and eyes, and happiness in the arch of my eyebrows.
Yes, like your horse, who, staggering under your boasts, would trot more easily if some of them dismounted.
This is just a trifling matter here, sir.
It would be just like a nice daydream or fantasy.
We’re men beached on the sand, hoping to be washed out by the next tide.
Thank you for saying that.
For the sake of our old friendship, I ask you, hold my sword handle while I run on it.
In exchange for the blood I shed for you then, I ask you for justice now.
The one who makes her queen, of course.
That’s him, madam.
That’s the one, sir.
That’s the one.
Here we’ll shake hands good-bye.
Antipholus owes me the exact amount that I owe you.
Just now a tailor showed me fabrics he bought especially for me and then started to take my measurements.
Just now we put him in the abbey over here, and now he’s over there.
At this very minute an old black ram is having sex with your little white lamb.
Yes, sir.
Whether it’s even or odd, of all the days in the year, on the night of Lammas Eve, she’ll be fourteen.
That’s the one: Leonato’s Hero, your Hero, every man’s Hero.
Ever since you lost yours.
That’s the way great men ought to endure great losses.
She’s lying on the ground just like him, blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Can someone fall in love this quickly?
Is this true?
Well, there they are.
Exactly.
Yes, like that.
All right.
Apparently so.—Cover their faces.
As good a wife as she is, that’s how good a husband I am to you.
Their unfortunate deaths put an end to their parents' feud.
We are destined to be betrayed when we are born.
This repays me.
The tragic actors from the city, the ones you used to enjoy so much.
You can do whatever you want as long as it’s socially appropriate.
Whenever you want, since you’re the one who wants it.
Will you cry about your cousin’s death forever?
Every hour he comes out with some horrible new offense that puts us all on edge.
Every glass of liquor is damned, and the devil’s the main ingredient!
Look over your lines again.
Everyone prepare to take this beautiful corpse to her grave.
Everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged.
Everyone.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone who can hear has heard about it.
Everything’s fine.
Yes indeed it is, sir.
That was excellent, really excellent.
Excellent, good.
Yes, you’re speaking very well.
Of course.
Wonderful!
Excellent!
Very wise.
Excellent.
It looks great.
Please forgive me as I forgive you, Hamlet.
Don’t say anything bad about wine anymore.
Terrible.
Go out and feel what the impoverished feel.
Explain, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look out for the last time!
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian can hardly control him over there.
Well, don’t face off with me.
Don’t miss our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, we are your guests tonight.
Lovely Beatrice, I thank you for taking the pains to tell me that.
Is it daytime?
Lovely, most lovely Katherine, will you agree to teach a soldier the words that would recommend his love-suit to a gentle heart like yours?
Ladies, you’re dropping bread from the heavens to starving people.
My lady, with your permission, this note authorizes me to give myself to you with a kiss.
Do you think you’ve got a couple of fools on your hands here?
The beautiful Helen of Troy had a thousand suitors.
You pretty lovers are lucky you met me here.
Fair princess, you’ve missed some good sport.
Well, sir, and you, witty lady, who gave me quite a turn with your strange talk, my name is Vincentio, my hometown Pisa, and I am traveling to Padua to visit a son of mine whom I haven’t seen in a long while.
Dear sir, I pity the lady and wish—more for her sake than my own—that I was more able to help her.
Young boy, I wish I could make you believe that I’m in love.
You who are beautiful beyond words, calm down and let me explain myself.
You’ve said it well.
Listen, Fairy King.
Yes, that one.
He rushed away on serious business.
Tonight he boarded a treasure ship.
Yes, we’re the privates in her army.
Maybe it’s an English tailor who liked to skimp on the fabric for people’s clothes.
Yes, I know her age down to the hour.
What do you say, James  Well, I don’t know what to say.
Honestly, I didn’t see it, but I felt it in her hot breath.
Listen, I’m going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Yes, that’s quite likely.
But I’m sure he’ll get even with you.
Oh no, not if you say it right.
Name one.
Actually, once or twice she sighed and said, “father,” as if the word were pressing on her chest.
Well, so-so.
I assure you, sir, there’s nothing to be afraid of.
Actually, I’m still feeling some pangs of conscience.
Look, let’s stay here tonight.
It’s true, that wasn’t such a nice thing to do.
Really, the priest was good enough, no matter what that old guy said.
There’s been a whole debate on the topic.
Well, we can put away our pipes and go home.
Well, we almost fought and then realized that we had reached the seventh cause.
Let the world collapse around us.
Don’t shed even one tear.
That’s the way to do it!
Eat.
Hide with a false pleasant face what you know in your false, evil heart.
You corrupt judge, why did you let her escape?
She’s cheating on me?
Woman, stop your frantic curses and false prophesies before we run out of patience and do something bad to you.
No!
Your cheeks are thin because of hunger.
I don’t owe her any duty—it’s you that I submit to.
I think I hear the drums far away.
Now, good-bye.
Good-bye for a while.
Farewell, lady.
Goodbye, nymph.
I’m still a virgin.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
Good-bye.
Well then, goodbye.
Goodbye, then.
I like you very much.
Goodbye, boy.
Goodbye, Jessica.
Goodbye, my lord.
Good-bye, my lord.
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
Take care.
Have a safe trip.
There you go.
Goodbye, then.
That’ll be fine.
Farewell to you both.
Goodbye to my happiness!
Goodbye to the horses and the trumpets and the drums, the flute and the splendid banners, and all those proud displays and pageantry of war!
Goodbye to the soldiers and to the wars that make men great!
Farewell till then.
See you soon.
Farewell to you, and you, and you, Volumnius.
If luck’s with me, I’ll lose a father, and you’ll lose a daughter.
Farewell, and thanks.
Goodbye, dear Father.
Good-bye, sir.
Farewell, everyone.
Goodbye, you beautiful, cruel woman.
Farewell, farewell.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Farewell, farewell!
Farewell, old man.
It’s time for me to say goodbye to you.
Farewell, my lord.
Goodbye, Launcelot.
Farewell, good Salisbury; and may good luck go with you.
Goodbye, good Mr. Love.
Farewell, good Strato.
Good-bye, great commander.
Farewell, hostess.
Good-bye, kind Charmian.
Farewell, kind lord.
Farewell, kind master.
Goodbye, cousin.
Good-bye, my dearest sister, good-bye.
Goodbye, my Desdemona.
Good-bye, my lord.
Goodbye, my husband.
Goodbye, gentlemen.
Goodbye, my sweet lord.—Goodbye, my sister.
Farewell to both of you, dear teachers.
Goodbye, old friend.
Goodbye then, Hero.
Goodbye, you dumb old spirit.
Goodbye.
Goodbye!
Farewell!
Only God knows when we’ll meet again.
Farewell.
Good-bye.
Good-bye, son.
Goodbye.
So long.
Good night.
Goodbye.
Fate, do your work.
Sir, this is the truth: you and the rest—all the people who have ever talked about her—have all been wrong.
Father, wife, friends—farewell!
I’m glad you’ve come, father.
Father, could I please ask you to tell these people what happened between me and this young man?
Father, go ahead.
Father, what’s the news?
He has a father, and yet he is fatherless.
Usually fathers produce children, not the other way around.
Fathers who wear rags Make their children neglect them.
Fathers, never trust your daughters just because they act obedient and innocent.
Promising favors?
I’m suddenly afraid.
Just keep your love under control, and don’t let yourself become a target of his lust.
Watch out, Ophelia.
Don’t worry, man, I won’t try to escape.
Don’t worry about me.
Don’t worry about me.—Your sister and the duke are here.
Don’t worry about how I handle it.
Don’t worry, Baptista, you’ll be perfectly satisfied.
But don’t be afraid, Cesario.
Don’t worry, sir.
Don’t be afraid.
Let’s start.
You’re afraid of the boar but you go around without your spear?
Do you have any doubts, Antonio?
Right now we’re shaken up by fears and doubts.
Doesn’t a Jew eat the same food, get hurt with the same weapons, get sick with the same diseases, get healed by the same medicine, and warm up in summer and cool off in winter just like a Christian?
Eat your dinner and pay no attention to him.
Eat and sleep.
Feed him apricots and blackberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Can you feel your legs?
Feeling the loss like this, I can’t help but weep for him forever.
My man Grumio!
You, fellow, step out of the crowd.
Ah, but I know you.
You, will you join with me?
Let’s go.
Bring Desdemona here.
Bring out the stocks!
Get going already.
Bring me the handkerchief—My mind is full of doubt.
Bring me this plant, and get back here before the sea monster has time to swim three miles.
Bring that swinger Orlando here.
Bring his will here, and we’ll figure out a way to reduce his bequests to the people.
Bring your master home.
The hell with her!
To hell with you!
To hell with you!
Damn it!
Damn those words, “but yet!” “But yet” is like a jailer about to bring out some horrible criminal.
Damn you!
Shame on you, Demetrius!
To hell with all worn-out horses, all crazy masters, and all bad roads.
It’s cheap and nasty!
Give me an aphrodisiac, pharmacist.
You’ll be ashamed of this forever!
You have so much natural talent, but like someone who hoards money, you use none of your talent for the right purpose—not your body, not your love, not your mind.
Shame on you!
Girls, girls!
Nonsense!
You have impatience all over your face.
Oh my, my bones ache so much.
Damn it, this isn’t funny.
Shush, sir, please!
You shouldn’t talk about him like that!
Nobody’s that bad.
You should be ashamed of yourself, Satan, you liar!
What kind of question is that!
And what a slug Hastings is that he hasn’t even arrived to tell us whether they’re coming!
Shame on you!
For shame!
Fierce, fiery warriors fought in the clouds in the usual formations of war—ranks and squadrons—until the clouds drizzled blood onto the Capitol.
Passionately”?
Passionate”?
Fight valiantly today.
Fill my cup, Lucius, until the wine overflows it.
You piece of filth, you’re lying!
They only like things as bad as themselves.
Look up moonshine, look up moonshine!
Find out what this villainous Edgar is thinking, Edmund.
Find the people whose names are on this list?
Find out the way, and I’ll find the right man.
I’m going to rest my head on this little slope.
What a fine sight!
Oh, that’s very nice!
It’s time to end it, good lady.
Damn it all!
Set fire!
The sentence I’ve passed down on her is firm and unshakeable.
First, he said you had no right to him.
First kiss me, Kate, and then we will.
First let me talk with this philosopher here.—
First let’s go to dinner.
Answer me that first.
First of all, my house in the city, as you know, is filled with expensive furniture and household articles, china and gold, basins and pitchers for her to wash her dainty hands in.
Let’s go to the temple first.
First, Peter Quince, tell us what the play is about, then read the names of the actors, and then shut up.
First, he sends his regards.
First, I ask you what they’ve done; thirdly, I ask you what offense they’re charged with; sixth and lastly, I ask you why they’ve been committed here; and, in conclusion, I ask what they’re accused of.
But first, I have to tell you that Desdemona’s completely in love with him.
First of all, even if all the obstacles were eliminated and my path led straight to the crown—if it were truly my birthright—I would rather hide from my greatness than hide inside the greatness of the position itself and be smothered by it.
Well, first of all, my horse is tired and my master and mistress have had a falling out.
Let me say first, madam, that he is well.
No, before!
First of all, Pyramus has to take out a sword to kill himself, which the ladies in the audience won’t be able to stand.
First rehearse your song from memory, and make sure each note is pretty.
Well, first there was the prince from Naples.
I’ve hired five hundred almsmen to hold up their withered hands to heaven, praying for my pardon twice a day throughout the year.
I’ll bet any man who knows the law five shillings to one on it.
I’ve spent five years in the remotest parts of Greece and roaming all over Asia.
Twenty-five, sir.
That’s burglary, that is.
Now, Brutus, you have only yourself to thank.
He ran out that way, sir, when he couldn’t— Follow him, now!
Fled to England?
He ran to his house, stunned.
Flies can kiss her, but I must flee the city.
You purple flower, hit by Cupid’s arrow, sink into the pupils of this man’s eyes.
Escape and make peace with Caesar.
Retreat further, my lord, retreat further.
Get away from here and leave me.
Don’t run away—stay where you are.
Run, run, my lord.
Get out of here, good Fleance, run, run, run!
Run, everyone, run!
Run, my lord, run.
Therefore you must run, noble Cassius.
Flee?
I folded up the new document, signed it, sealed it, and put it safely back so that no one noticed any difference.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest disgrace to your whole gender.
Come with me and I’ll get it for you.
Don’t follow me.
Follow me, madam.—Throw the blind traitor outside.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Don’t follow me.
Follow that gentleman now, and be careful not to make fun of him.
Let’s follow the music as far as we can without leaving our station and see if it stops.
Follow your spirit, and as you charge cry, “God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow and see to it that nothing serious happens between them.
Follow it, follow it!
Follow them, please.
Follow”?
He followed the old man.
Oh, he’s drunk, Sir Toby, for a whole hour now.
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Fool, fool, hey, fool!
Fool, I say!
Fool, I’ll repay you for this favor.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool!
Foolish dogs, blindly running straight toward a Russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish girl, in the eyes of most people this man’s a Caliban, and compared to him, they’re angels.
It’s easy to get Desdemona on your side.
I meant a crowbar.
Just obey me a little bit longer.
Let me try: If there’s a buck who needs a doe Tell him Rosalind will do.
for the other men, we can make them believe anything we choose.
As for Antony, I’m not interested in his requests.
Did I do anything good to myself?
You asked for justice, so rest assured you’ll get more justice than you bargained for.
Listen, in books they say that true love always faces obstacles.
For besides the good news, we are also celebrating his marriage.
If you and I don’t value her equally, it would be better for us to work out our differences without her.
I wish that were true for both our sakes!
We’re ready for both, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus’s sake, I am indebted to you.
But there was a rumor—you know, people always gossip about royalty—that he was in love with the beautiful Olivia.
Along the way, I’ll find an opportunity to separate him from the queen’s proud relatives, as step one in the plan we’ve discussed.
It’s certain that she is dead, and she died in a strange way.
He is definitely not there, sir.
For assuredly, you are so near the abyss that you’re bound to be swallowed up.
She deserves to have rocks and stones thrown on her body.
For heaven’s sake, stop this savage brawl!
For various reasons that must remain secret, please do this for me.
The wind’s whipping up the waves so high you expect them to reach the clouds and splash against the stars in the sky.
I scolded you for obsessing about her, not for loving her, my student.
For my brother Edward’s sake.
The king of England’s approach is as forceful as a whirlpool.
To get what you want, you need to get Cassio out of the way.
Every minute we expect more ships to arrive.
No, because my manly heart is grieving.
King Edward was going to marry Lady Lucy—your mother can vouch for that—and then he was betrothed to Bona, the King of France’s sister-in-law.
That’s because you are near me, and you’re as dazzling as the sun.
For God’s sake, let me hear it.
For God’s sake, would someone bring me a mug of beer!
Stop, for God’s sake!
For God’s sake, send somebody else.
For God’s sake, find a house to duck into.
Half of your wealth goes to Antonio.
As for Hamlet and his attentions to you, just consider it a big flirtation, the temporary phase of a hot-blooded youth.
I’m sure he’s somewhere on the island.
He loves to hear me tell him how men can be snared by flatterers, just like unicorns can be captured in trees, elephants in holes, and lions with nets.
He almost begs for the opportunity to help you.
The wooing is like a Scottish jig: hot and fast and full of whimsy and illusion.
For heaven’s sake, help me!
As for him, I never think about him.
For himself to ruin,” he says.
There was no end to his generosity.
As for his thoughts, I wish he’d think about nothing at all rather than think about me all the time.
He’s not brave enough to be wise.
I’m almost ready to break down hearing this much.
I’m the man who was born to tame you and change you from a wildcat Kate into a Kate as gentle and domestic as other household Kates.
Just looking at you makes me sick.
I know my nails are stronger than my eyes; I’ll scratch them out.
For I’m sure that although you may know what temperance is, you’ve never experienced it firsthand.
I’m Trinculo—don’t be scared—your good friend Trinculo.
I can put him in the right mood, and I’ll bring him to the Capitol.
I had put bitter wormwood on my breast as I was sitting in the sun, under the wall of the dovehouse.
I have neither cleverness nor rhetorical skill nor the authority nor gesture nor eloquence nor the power of speech to stir men up.
Listen to me, because I’m older than you, surely.
I’d be wasting my skills dealing with an idiot like that if I couldn’t get something useful out of him.
My eyes were liars, then, because I never saw true beauty before tonight.
I’m as commanding as she is proud, and when two raging fires meet, they end up consuming the very thing that kindled them.
I’ll make him tell me the whole story again—where, how often, how long ago—and when he plans to sleep with your wife in the future.
If we let crimes like this happen, slaves and heathens will be our rulers.
If the Jew cuts deep enough, I’ll pay it instantly with all my heart.
Since if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog, kissing the corpse—by the way, do you have a daughter?
If you continue treating Hermia so badly, you’ll pay for it.
In the entire play, not one word is well-written, and not one of the actors is right for his part.
Who’d waste his time talking to such a stupid bird?
Everyone knows that when you pour a drink out of a cup and into a glass, the cup becomes empty.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand up.
For lead?
You must understand, Silius, that it’s better to leave something undone than achieve too much fame in your superior’s absence.
Remember that Hamlet is young and has a lot more freedom to fool around than you do.
And I followed him because I loved him.
For the love of God, be patient with him.
There’s hardly a bush for miles around.
As for me, I’ll leave when I like.
Well, to be on the safe side—so I don’t go back on my promise—I plan to get myself married to a wealthy widow within the next three days.
But I thank God that I failed in my scheme, and I rejoice in paying the penalty, as I beg God and you to pardon me.
Three thousand ducats.
As for me, I welcome my good luck with sadness.
As for Michael Cassio, I think it would be safe for me to swear that he’s honest.
My own safety is the only important thing now.
I’m always happy to hear about brave men.
Speaking for myself—and no offense to the general or anyone else—I hope I’m going to heaven.
As for Monsieur Malvolio, let me take care of him.
Murder has no tongue, but miraculously it still finds a way to speak.
My brother thinks highly of you, and because of his affection, has helped arrange your marriage—but that was definitely a waste of his time and energy.
So I can eat lunch.
Lord Babyface over there will meet me in a duel, and good luck to him then.
I’m so amazed by this, I don’t know what to say.
For my part, I’m sorry this battle turned into a drinking match.
For my part, I really don’t care.
I’d rather bear with you than  Well, this is the Forest of Arden.
I have walked around the streets, exposing myself to the perilous night, unbuttoned like this, as you see, Casca, baring my chest to the thunderbolt.
My man—monster is so drunk he can’t talk.
My uncle is king of Denmark, and the same people who made fun of him while my father was still alive are now rushing to pay twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for miniature portraits of him.
There is nothing on Earth that is so evil that it does not provide the earth with some special quality.
I wouldn’t allow any commerce.
Fulvia’s death and the pressing concerns related to it are not the only reasons I am eager to go; friends in Rome have also sent many letters advising my return.
He’s furious because she stole an adorable boy from an Indian king.
He’d begged me to steal it many times.
Once, on a cold and windy day, when the river Tiber was crashing against its banks, Caesar said to me, “Cassius, I dare you to jump into this rough water with me and swim to that point there.” As soon as he spoke, though I was fully dressed, I plunged in and called for him to follow.
But for one reason they refused to execute her.
In our case, our bad neighbors over their make us early risers, a healthy and sensible thing to be.
His coffers are too poor to atone for our losses, his entire kingdom too small to account for the amount of blood we’ve shed, and the sight of him kneeling at our feet an empty satisfaction compared to the indignity we have put up with.
Because Pyramus is a good-looking man, the most handsome man that you could find on a summer’s day, a lovely gentlemanly man.
It’s tragic because Pyramus kills himself.
But with you it’s different.
For shame, bring Juliet out here.
Your heart’s going to break.
You should be ashamed, generals!
She had put a wreath of fresh, fragrant flowers around his hairy forehead, and the drops of dew that lay in the center of the flowers made the flowers look like they were crying with shame to be decorating the head of that ugly jackass.
She’s wise, if I’m judging her right.
Because that’s what you are now.
For standing up for this unpopular king.
That would be a little extreme!
Because he’s daring us to do it.
But you can’t blame me for her offenses.
For the favor of sleeping in her bed.
Regarding the Dauphin, you can speak to me.
He will show me the part of heaven where the bachelors sit, and I’ll have fun there forever.
Be tough,” says the devil, “and run!” But then my conscience, hanging around my heart, says very wisely to me, “My good friend Launcelot, you’re a good boy, the son of an honest man,” really, that should be the son of an honest woman, since my father cheated on my mother.
The law fully authorizes the penalty, which you have to pay according to the contract.
For God’s sake, shut up!
For the love of God, call a doctor!
For the love of God, help us!
As for the food, it will be served in covered dishes.
Usually that means a person is foolish.
I have no gift for the one and no strength for the other, though I have the gift of strength.
Even the fragile wren, the smallest of birds, will fight against the owl when it threatens her young ones in the nest.
I’ll take the Queen into my custody.
About the table, sir, dinner will be served on it.
I hear what they say about him for doing that.
As I said before, Antonio will guarantee the loan.
With all of them at once: they work together to create such an entirely evil person that no good ever manages to enter the mix.
I’ll marry the earl of Warwick’s youngest daughter, Lady Anne.
There’s no scarier wild bird than the living lion, and we should remember that.
For there never was a pretty woman who didn’t like to preen in the mirror.
These chatty fellows who can rhyme their way into a lady’s good graces always reason themselves out again.
Rosalind, I have to leave you for two hours.
Anyone who says you’re a man must not notice how young you are.
The two of them were separated during the storm.
Meanwhile, let’s go to bed and dream about this.
Caesar hanged him for this service.
For now, don’t try to persuade me anymore—I ask you as a friend.
Because, if you must know, she’s been chosen by Signior Gremio.
Thanks for letting me go.
As for this slave, Iago, if we can think of any torture that will hurt him a lot but keep him alive a long time, he’ll have it.
I’ll leave you for now.
I’ll give you cramps for saying that—horrible pains in your sides that will keep you from breathing.
We’re trying to be reasonable while you’re so upset, and we understand that you’re old, and… But Goneril knows what she’s doing.
Even though she’s as similar to Goneril as one crabapple is like another, still… I know what I know.
For three months, hmmm.
You would have made me treat them like a tyrant.—I’m done, my lord.
And good ones, too.
I’ll think it over.
As for me, I’m surrendering all my power over to him, giving him absolute authority for the rest of his life.
As for us, you know we are Antony’s, and he is Caesar’s.
We’ll put a leash on this danger that’s now running wild.
What could I hope to get from you, who’ve got nothing but your charm to support you in life?
For what favor?
What right did he have to scold me like that?
Because who is this man they follow?
What did they do wrong?
Why would you do that, my love?
Two reasons.
What?
But now I’ll grit my teeth and kill anyone who tries to stop me.
Because when rich villains need poor villains' services, those poor ones can name the price.
Afraid that your anger would not subside, she sent you word she was dead.
That’s when you gave them the spanking paddle and pulled your pants down,            Please, uncle, hire a teacher who can teach your fool to lie.
After all, who would put up with all life’s humiliations—the abuse from superiors, the insults of arrogant men, the pangs of unrequited love, the inefficiency of the legal system, the rudeness of people in office, and the mistreatment good people have to take from bad—when you could simply take out your knife and call it quits?
But for whose sake did I do that sick deed?
With one little toss of his head, He can scare you off for good.
Women are like roses: the moment their beauty is in full bloom, it’s about to decay.
You know, uncle, A sparrow once raised a cuckoo in its nest Until the cuckoo grew up and bit the sparrow’s head off.
You’re supposed to show that you understand that Pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and is coming right back.
It’s too hot.
As for your coming in to dinner, just do what you feel is right.
But regarding what happened between us, don’t ask—I can’t tell you.
For the sake of your father’s memory, make peace.
You wouldn’t have dared, out of fear for your life.
For you, our swords have blunt edges, too dull to harm you, Mark Antony.
Your doctors have expressly forbidden me to sleep with you, as there’s a risk that you might have a relapse.
It’s easier to buy young people than to beg or borrow them.
For, as I am a soldier, the name I think suits me best, once I begin my attack on Harfleur again, I will not leave the half-conquered town until she lies buried in her own ashes.
If it’s sad to see a handsome man with a cheating wife, it’s a tragedy to see an ugly thug with a wife who’s faithful.
I swear by the heavens, which have grown pale in sympathy with us, I’m going with you, whatever you say.
I swear I have no idea why he stopped loving me.
Listen, because Tybalt was just killed, people might think that we don’t care about his memory as our relative if we have too grand a party.
I’m sure you have your hands full preparing for the sudden festivities.
Look how cheerful my mother is, only two hours after my father died.
I ran into her recently at the edge of the forest, looking for sweet presents for this hateful idiot, and I scolded her and argued with her.
Because, my good king, England is so poorly led, her scepter so foolishly borne by a vain, silly, shallow, impulsive youth, that she’s hardly a threat.
I’ve shut the memory of your beautiful eyes out of my heart.
Ever since these deadly conflicts erupted between your violent countrymen and ours, both you Syracusians and we Ephesians have held serious councils and decided not to permit any travel between our two hostile towns.
you, as sure as your name’s Roderigo, if I were the Moor I wouldn’t want to be Iago.
Because, you know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight.
Leave me.
Remember your children as being sweeter than they actually were, and think of the man who killed them as worse than he is.
And when some lowlife protests that  Stop, and eat no more.
My God, what a great song!
My God, they’ve given me a lot to drink.
Forever and a day.
Forever and forever, farewell, Brutus!
Forever and forever, farewell, Cassius!
Don’t think about her.
Forgotten you!
Luck and Antony separate here and now.
Let fortune and victory be yours!
I hope she doesn’t have a crush on me!
She provides an excellent moral.
Fortune is happy today and, in this mood, will give us anything we want.
I hope luck will give me what my heart hopes for!
May good luck follow you!
Lady Luck is a fickle whore And never gives the poor a break.
Forty thousand brothers, if you added all their love together, couldn’t match mine.
Bad deeds will be revealed, no matter how people try to hide them.
Shame on you; I’ve already run out of patience with you all.
Bad times?
If you had foul words in your mouth, then your breath must be foul, and foul breath is nauseating.
Ugly, wrinkled witch, what are you doing here?
You who are wicked beyond belief, the only “explanation” I’ll accept from you is for you to hang yourself.
Did he express any dissatisfaction with you, either in his words or his face?
No, you’ll see, four days will quickly turn into four nights.
Four legs and two voices—a very special monster.
And since we dream at night, time passes quickly then.
Eighty ducats in one shot!
Eighty ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-repairman?
Free from the bondage you are in, Messala.
I didn’t say free, madam.
Freedom!
Go ahead—rage till your proud heart breaks.
But she must be, Friar.
Friar!
Launcelot, what’s going on?
I am friends with you all and love you all, on one condition—that you prove to me that Caesar was dangerous.
Friends of this country.
Friends, go.
Friends, come here.
Break it up.” Then he jumped in between them and forced them to put their swords down.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your attention.
Friendship is enduring except when love is involved.
May the good Lord keep me safe from all women like her!
She lives about twenty miles from Athens, and she thinks of me as a son.
Yes, my lord.
At my humble house tonight, you can expect to see dazzling stars that walk on the ground and light the sky from below.
Some French agents are already at work in our main ports and are on the verge of declaring open war.
He was covered with blood from his helmet to his spurs.
From now on I will, cousin, and I’ll think of all kinds of games for us.
He stole it from me.
She went from me, who loved her with the dignity and devotion that suits a legitimate marriage, to a wretch whose natural gifts were poor compared to mine.
From my house, if I had a house—” “The sixth of July.
From our brother monarch, the king of England?
From the time I was seventeen, over sixty years ago, I have lived in this house, but now I will live here no more.
From Silvius, sir.
Once I’m there, I won’t need a guide anymore.
Was he sent by Count Orsino?
You fell from the terrifying top of this chalk cliff.
They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine and see this living, breathing saint.
From this moment on, I’ll never say another word.
From now on this is what I’ll think of your love.
From head to toe?
Bring me face to face with Macbeth, that devil of Scotland.
For a full half hour.
I’ve looked at many ladies with pleasure, and been
I’m here, full of anger, to complain about my daughter Hermia.—Step forward, Demetrius.—My lord, this man, Demetrius, has my permission to marry her.—Step forward, Lysander.—But this other man, Lysander, has cast a magic spell over my child’s heart.—You, you, Lysander, you’ve given her poems, and exchanged tokens of love with my daughter.
It’s often the case that having something makes us spoiled, while not having it turns out to be advantageous.
Fulvia is dead.
Your wife, Fulvia, mustered her army first.
Your wife, Fulvia, is dead.
Fulvia?
And could you please take my servant to old Shylock’s house?
Fury, Fury!—Get over there, Tyrant, there.
I would have been what I am even if the most virginal star in the heavens had twinkled at my conception.
Gentleman, I am not the same man I was before.
Gallus, you go with him.
And now you claim you gave it to a judge’s clerk!
He intends to do something bad to you.
Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him.
My darling, when I gave my love to you, I told you that all the wealth I had ran within my veins—that I have noble blood, but no money.
No, gentle madam.
Noble Mercutio, put your sword away.
Gentle Octavia, support the one that supports you.
Hello, sir.
Sir, I believe this piece of trash, Bianca, has something to do with all this trouble.—Hang in there, Cassio.—Come here, bring the light.
Gentlemen, we won’t stay here and anger you further.
Now, now, both of you gentlemen!
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I can find young Romeo?
Gentlemen, on to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, stand up.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Maria, our lady wants you.
Gertrude, don’t drink that.
Get him to bed and make sure his wounds are treated.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Prepare the horses for your lady.
Put a candle in my study, Lucius.
Get me some ink and paper, and hire some horses to ride.
Get me some poison tonight, Iago.
Put on your nightgown, in case someone comes and sees that we’re awake.
You should get a wife!
Get going now.
Get on your way and hire those horses.
Go, but sign the deed.
Get out of here.
Go away.
Get yourself to a convent, at once.
Get yourself to a
Go home to bed, Francisco.
You do the same.
Take your seat.
Hide behind the boxwood hedge, all three of you.
Now go, and hurry back.
Go away now and in the morning meet me in the pit by the river in hell.
So go to your deaths, poor miserable wretches, the pain of which may merciful God give you the strength to endure.
Go back to bed.
Go to bed right this minute.
Go to bed, dear.
Get yourself to a church and have a proper priest, who can tell you what marriage is all about, marry you.
Go back to your lord.
Now it’s time to get your costumes together.
Frightening looks are also at my service, as are fake smiles.
God gives those gifts—I had nothing to do with it.
But gilded tombs contain worms.
Let’s shake on it.
Please hear what Goneril is saying.
Listen to many people, but talk to few.
All right, but first let the ambassadors speak.
Marry her as you should have married her cousin, and I will let my revenge die.
Give her this key, and tell her that there’s money in the desk that’s covered with a Turkish tapestry.
Give him a noose to hang himself.
You’re giving him a present?
Give him the instructions for our amusing little contract, and I’ll go get the money for you right away.
Watch him closely.
Don’t give him time to catch his breath.
Take good care of him.
Give him the goblet.
Give him this deed and have him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these letters, Reynaldo.
Give me an almanac.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me one good reason to think she’s cheating on me.
Wake up my whole household!
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse!
Tell me.
Give me some trinket of yours, and I will wear it in my hat.
Let me talk, good lady.
Give me Bianca for my inheritance.
Give me too much of it, so I’ll get sick of it and stop loving.
God will protect me.
Leave me alone for a minute.
Let me speak my mind, and I’ll rid the world of its sickness—if it will only tolerate my medicine.
May I speak, Caesar.
Allow me to continue.—I am a gentleman of Verona, sir, who, hearing of your daughter’s beauty and wit, her friendly disposition and bashful modesty, her uncommon virtues and her mild behavior, have taken the liberty of presenting myself as a guest at your house in the hope of seeing for myself if what I’ve heard is true.
Give me my fishing rod.
Give me my armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my money and let me go.
Give me my robe, because I’m going.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin back.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
You may leave.
Give me details.
Help me.
Give me some ink and paper.
Get me out of here!
Give me a little breathing space, my lord, a little pause to think.
Play me some music.
Give me some wine and let me say a few words.
Give me that boy and I’ll come with you.
Give me that pickax and the crowbar.
Give me the goblets.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me that letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand and let me see you dressed in woman’s clothing.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Let me help you up.
Give me your torch, boy.
Tell me the truth.
So give me your answer, and we’ll shake on it.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand, first.
Give me your hand, and explain your situation to me.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Let me shake your hand.
Give me some applause, if we’re friends, and Robin will make everything up to you.
Give me your first, Mr. Mustardseed.
Give me your present to give to Master Bassanio.
Give it to me!
Give me one,” I said.
Give it to me.
Let my sorrow have the upper hand.
Tell my servants not to mention that we were gone.
Spread the word.
Pass on the command to halt!
Leave them alone until he sets off home, and then follow him.
Don’t say what you’re thinking, and don’t be too quick to act on what you think.
You can give good news in many ways, but let bad news interpret itself as you tell it.
Heaven help us!
Everyone, please leave us alone for a moment.
I’d like to introduce you to my friend.
Good day to you, sir.
Have a good morning.
Good night to you both.
Good night.
The old king was so overjoyed by this promise that he gave young Fortinbras an annual income of three thousand  I like this news, and when I have time I’ll read this and think about how to reply.
Weren’t you the one who made him desert Perigouna in the middle of the night, right after he’d raped her?
Gloucester, it’s true that we are in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Come, driver!
Follow her.
Go.
Go to my brother Cassius.
Go ahead and ask her.
Tell her we mean her no disrespect.
Go and tell them this.
Go and get her dressed.
Go hide, Adam, and you’ll hear how he abuses me.
Arm yourself.
Go ask.
Go back again, to be beaten home again?
Go back again, slave, and bring him home.
Dromio, bring this money to the Centaur Inn, where we’re lodging, and wait there until I come.
Go tell the priests to perform a sacrifice immediately, and bring me their interpretation of the results.
Go bring them all here; I give you power over them.
Come with me tonight, and you’ll see a man enter her bedroom chamber—even tonight, the night before her wedding.
Get out of my face.
Ask him in here.
Go take them back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood.
That way Antony will feel like he’s fighting his own men.
Ariel, go order my goblin servants to make these fellows' bones ache, give them muscle cramps all over, and give them more bruises than leopards have spots.
Keep me in your thoughts and go comfort your cousin.
We’ll start a fire.
Get it, sister.
Go get my best clothes.
Go bring them here.
Agrippa, go start the battle.
Take him to the surgeons.
Get it ready immediately.
Go get some water and wash this bloody evidence from your hands.
Hurry, go!
Now get out of here.
Come inside with me, and I will tell you my plan.
Come back to my house with me.
I made my father angry, so I went to Friar Lawrence’s cell to confess and be forgiven.
Go in, and don’t cry.
Go inside, Nerissa.
Go take care of him.
My letters are ready to go.
Go disguise yourself as a sea nymph.
Unless my horse goes faster than expected, I will be back an hour or two after sunset.
Go away.
Go away.
Go on ahead.
Go and put on your own armor.
Go release them, Ariel.
Bring him to me.
Go find him.
Go find the traitor Gloucester.
Go and wiggle your ears!
Show your slaves how mad you are, and make your servants tremble.
Go to sleep, and listen to us laughing.
She’s insistent.
Take this garment, put it on, and then come back here.
Go tell him about this.
Then go gather your men, but leave behind your son, George Stanley.
Find a time to speak with Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go, then, mother, to your daughter.
Anyway, go tell your master I am here.
Go there and compare her objectively to some other girls I’ll show you.
You should go to Juliet and dress her up.
Come with me and let me advise you.
Go ahead.
He can sniff his way to Dover.
Hurry to a convent.
Well, do what you want.
Tell him to surrender.
Go to him, madam, speak to him.
Go to my room and put on something of mine.
Go to the gate.
Go to the platform, Brutus.
Get into your cold beds and warm yourselves up.
Go play with yourself.
Go relax now.
Go away, now.
Go on, take them.
Now be quiet.
Go then, goodbye.
Go on.
Enough.
Go on, go on.
Oh, come on.—Come here, sir.
Come on, I won’t stand for it anymore.
Be quiet, you are Antonio.
Oh, be quiet.
All right then.
As you please.
I tell you, they are not honest men.
Go ahead.
Go on, tell it.
Oh, come on, woman.
Come, come, you are too clever for your own good.
Oh, go away, you’re a boring fool.
Get lost!
Oh, come on.
Shut up.
You’ll see.
Go walk the path that you will never return from.
Go wake Juliet.
Let’s go to him.
Come and see the proof.
If you don’t repay me on the day we agree on, in the place we name, for the sum of money fixed in our contract, your penalty will be a pound of your pretty flesh, to be cut off and taken out of whatever part of your body I like.
Come help me bless this couple, so they will be prosperous and have many children.
Come with me, I’ll show you, and along the way, you can tell me where you live.
Come with me to see the duchess.
Go with me to the tomb.
Come with me, and let’s smother my fiendish son—who smothered your two sweet sons—in bitter words.
Come with me, Silvius.
Come with me.
Go with my brothers to my English peers.
You go and talk to the duke so he won’t notice I’m helping the king.
Go get Aliena ready—because, look, here comes my Rosalind.
Go to her and tell her for me.
Go and tell my daughter I want to speak with her.
You go ahead, and I will follow you.
You go down toward the Capitol, and I’ll go this way.
Go to him from me.
Come with me now, and help me out.
You come with me, uncle of Exeter.
And you, go call my fool.
Bring them right in.
Go, and hurry back to bring us her reply and news of her state of mind.
Go, get out of here.
Go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up.
Tie up the servant, for he is mad as well.
Biondello, go and tell your mistress to come to me.
Go get me a crow.
Come on, bring them in.
By this token, you’ll be admitted to their cell.
Go, bring him here, boy.
Go, coward that you are.
Eros, send his treasure to him.
Go get me something I can use to break down the door.
Get out of here, you measly, lying wretch.
Go, get out!
Go be with your love, as it was decided at your wedding.
Go, girl, look for a man who’ll give you happy nights at the end of happy days.
Go, daughter.
Hurry now, get the job done.
Go, go, good countrymen, and to make up for having done wrong, gather up all the poor men like yourselves, lead them to the Tiber, and weep into the river until it overflows its banks.
Hurry, go up to the roof.
Go on, get out of here.
Go to Francis Seacole, the constable of the watch.
Meet me at the synagogue.
Go hang yourselves, all of you!
Duke Solinus, my husband, and both my children—and you two Dromios, who marked the day of my sons' births with your own—come into the abbey with me for a new christening.
Now go, leave me.
Lovell, go as fast as you can to Doctor Shaw.
Go now and get cash.
Go to the tomb of your great-grandfather, from whom your own title to the crown derives.
One of you go find the forest ranger.
One of you go call the Jew into court here.
Go, Pindarus, climb a little higher on this hill.
Now go, set up for dinner.
Go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face, you cowardly boy.
Go, blockheads, go, and bring my supper to me.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go look for him.
Go, lad, and take them to the pantry.
Come along with me.
Servants, take these gentlemen to see Hamlet.
Go, take it away and let your master make whatever use of it he can.
There’s no point in looking for him if he doesn’t want to be found.
Go!
Go ahead and write it down.
Go, you old housewife, go.
You can’t see the future.
Off!
Go.
Go on.
Horny animals!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
I’m whipped and tortured— May God give you a good evening.
God bless you for being here.
God bless you, sir.
God Almighty, there must be some essential goodness even in evil, if men would only look for it.
May God and his angels guard your sacred throne and grant that you dignify it for a long time.
We have God and a good cause on our side.
God defend and guard us innocents against them!
I was sent for a rope!
God and your work be praised, victorious friends.
Let him go, Gertrude.
God be with you and keep you, and may he heal your head.
God be with all of you, princes.
May God be at your table.
Goodbye.
God bless you.
God bless my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God forbid he wants to challenge me!
God bless you and make you obedient, loving, and kind.
Hello and God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
Goodbye.
God protect me from these two!
God have mercy on us!
Well, good for him!
I hope I enjoy wearing it, for my heart is very heavy.
I hope we have the time some day!
May God bring you sleep!
God give him health.
It’s clear that someone less noble, less loyal, more bloody-minded than Clarence but not a blood relation, deserves as bad an end as my brother, but he goes free.
Let’s hope we never need your help for anything.
God gives you one face, but you paint another on top of it.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God help Claudio!
God help you, foolish man.
Well, let’s hope your good fortune continues!
God in heaven bless her!
God should keep me from false friends, but they weren’t false.
God keep me so.—Heralds, go with him.
God protect you from them and from other false friends!
Well, I hope you stay in that frame of mind or some poor man will end up with his face all scratched up.
Well, let’s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind.
God bless your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, and now she’s dead—slandered to death by cowards who would just as likely fight a real man as I would grab a poisonous snake by the tongue.
We might as well call him a man, since God created him.
Pray God does some surgery on you: you need to be fixed.
I hope God makes you happy again, like you once were.
May God choose you to receive his grace.
God pardon those who are responsible for Clarence’s troubles.
May God in His mercy forgive you.
Farewell, sir.
I hope that God restores you to health.
God save the charitable organization!
God save the king!
Thank you, sir.
May God keep you well, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God give you joy, Petruchio.
I hope you go senile soon, sir, so you can become a more foolish fool!
God forbid that I should prevent sacred devotion!
God say, “Amen”!
God will take revenge.
God will revenge it.
With God as my witness, I swear I have wept for yours.
Good afternoon, fair lady.
Good morning, gentlemen.
God have mercy, Grumio!
Yes, right away.
May God, who is the best matchmaker, join your hearts and realms in one.
May God’s arm strike on our side!
May God’s blessing go with you and with all who turn bad into good, and enemies into friends!
Good heavens, man, give them more than that!
Goddammit!
Honest to God, where’s the sexton?
By God, I wouldn’t lose as much honor as a single man more would cost me, I think—not even if it meant giving up my best hope for victory.
As it is God’s will and pleasure, Captain, I entreat you to come quickly to the king.
In God’s name, I beg you not to wish for one more man.
Good evening to your Worship, good Captain James.
The Egyptian flagship, the  Gods and goddesses—the whole congregation of them!
Hello, beautiful Helena!
Is Fleance going with you?
Is the king leaving here today?
Gold, silver, and common lead.
She’s gone.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Dear man, calm your rage.
Beautiful ladies, please don’t treat me badly.
Cheer up, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper and be sure to lay it in the judge’s chair where Brutus sits, so he’ll find it.
Corporal Nym, be a man and put away your sword.
Good advice, indeed.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning to you, friend.
Good day and happiness to you, darling Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, come receive your daughter.
Good evening, brother.
Good evening, good evening.
Good Enobarbus, you would be doing a very good thing if you advised your captain to speak calmly and quietly.
Good Enobarbus, consider yourself my guest as long as you’re here.
Good Enobarbus!
That’s how flimsy and unreal pleasure is.
No, it was a little one, not more than a pint.
When I ran into this holy man, those men you mentioned did come to mind, in fact.
Well, it certainly wasn’t true for Richard!
Oh, how silly we are!
Good father, I’m begging you on my knees, be patient and listen to me say just one thing.
Good fool, good jester, I’ll make it worth your while if you get me a candle, and a pen, ink and paper.
My dear fool, because my brother died.
Be a nice fool and help me find a candle and some paper.
Get me some ink, paper, and a candle.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and good-bye.
Leave me, my friend.
Please go to him, my friend.
Please get him, my friend, I beg you.
Good friend,” he said, “say that the faithful Roman sends an oyster’s treasure to the great Queen of Egypt, and that he plans to enhance this meager gift by adding new kingdoms to her empire.
Good friends, go in and have some wine with me.
Please, my lady, just confirm that you’re the lady of the house so I can get on with my speech.
Good and noble young man, don’t mess with someone who’s desperate.
Gentlemen, please try to sharpen his interest even more, and let this play do him some good.
Good gentlemen, give me permission to speak.
Good gentlemen, look like you’re rested and happy.
Tell me, good grandmother, is our father dead?
Nice Grumio, bring me some.
Guard them carefully until we decide how to punish them.
There’s nothing like good hay, really sweet hay.
Good man, why are you crying?
God, help us not be jealous!
Good Hermia, please don’t act so bitter toward me.
Good husband, come home soon.
Boys, how are you both doing?
Thank the lord for alliances!
Good Lord, how bright and splendid is the moon tonight!
Good Lord!
Go as fast as you can.
My love, call him back in here.
Good lady, don’t be angry with the child.
Please do, madam.
Good madam, let me speak.
Good madam, restrain yourself.
Madam, please let me see your face.
Good madam, be patient.
Madam, please be patient.
Thank you, madam.
Please let me prove you’re a fool.
My dear madam, why are you in mourning?
Gracious Queen, even Herod of Judea wouldn’t dare look at you unless you were in a good mood.
Margaret, run into the sitting room.
Maria, take care of this poor fellow here.
Dear Mr. Fabian, do me another favor first.
Good Mr. Mustardseed, I know you very well.
Good Mr. Peaseblossom, I’d like to get to know you better too.—And you, may I ask what your name is, sir?
I hope, sir, that you’re not angry that I’ve been equally attentive to you both!
Good food’s not a big deal—everyone can afford that.
My dear Miss Chat-her-up, I look forward to getting to know you better.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to all these lovely people.
That’s right, uncle, talk to your heart, like the  Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, Benedick.
Good morning to both of you.
Good morning, brother Bedford.
Good morning, Brutus.
Good morning, Caesar.
Caius Ligarius, I was never your enemy so much as the sickness that’s made you so thin.
Good day, Catesby.
Good morning, Catesby.
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, father.
Good morning, my friends.
Good morning, General.
Even for a  Good morning, lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate, for I hear that’s what you’re called.
Good day, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning, neighbor Gremio.
Good morrow, neighbor, whither away so fast?
Good morning, noble sir.
Good morning, old Sir Thomas Erpingham!
Good morning, Prince; good morning, Claudio.
Good morning, Richmond.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Good morning, worthy Caesar.
Good grief, do you think that just because I’m dressed like a man, I have a man’s patience?
My friends, remember that you’re my guests here.
But sir— Be quiet, Kent.
My good lord— You’ve always been a liar.
My lord, welcome this man.
My lord, here is the entrance.
My lord, please go inside here.
Please go inside.
Now please go in.
My good lord, I still need you to like me.
But  Hello, my lord, how have you been doing lately?
Oh, if I’ve got any influence over you at all, please patch things up with him.
Oh, please, tell us, sir.
My lord, could I have a word with you?
My lord, what’s wrong with you?
Yes, my lord.
Thank you, sir.
Please answer, my good little student.
My good King, surprise the English and let them know what kind of kingdom you rule over.
A good reputation is the most valuable thing we have—men and women alike.
Good news, good news!
Good night then, Casca.
Good night.
Please, let me go.
Good night, good brother.
Good night, dear Captain Blunt.
Unnatural acts will cause  Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night.
Good night, good night.
Good night, honest Iago.
Good night, lieutenant.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, you amazing woman, you.
Good night, Pompey.
Good night.
Good night, everyone.
My good man Norfolk, hurry to your post.
Hold your tongue.
Be kind now and tell me some excellent fortune.
Please, uncle, let’s go in and ask your daughters to forgive you.
Good old knight, gather them all together at my tent.
Is the news good or bad that you enter without knocking?
Gentlemen, go in there and grab him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Rest easy in the meantime.
Hide yourself, good Romeo.
Good point, and well said.
Silvius, tell this youth what it means to be in love.
Signior Angelo, please excuse us.
Sir, your age and status inspire more respect than your weapons do.
We’re available.
There’s some gentleman out there.— Good Sir Toby!
Good sir—
Sir, be a man.
Good sir, calm down.
Good sir, stay close to me.
Good sir, as a friend, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, this ring was given to me by my wife.
Sir, let’s get to the point.
Good noble ladies, be brave.
Sister, let’s eat and stop worrying.
Dear sister, it’s unfair to me—and unfair to yourself—to turn me into a slave.
Yes, just like this.
You, good friend, save me a piece of marzipan, and if you love me, have the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
Good afternoon, my dear lord!
Do you have to harp on my inadequacy?
Good Ursula, go wake my cousin and ask her to get up.
Good Volumnius, you know that we went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Forgive me, your grace.
Be patient, your highness.
Good, good, I like that—it’s only fair!
Good, very good.
That’s true.
Come on, men!
Just remember who you’ve got on board with you, good man.
Good!
Good.
Good Lord, what a clown you are!
Sorry, sir, Goodman Verges tends to ramble.
Gower is a good captain, and is well versed and well read in the wars.
Good luck, sir.
Those tears will bring blessings to you.
A man’s virtues will always show themselves, and that’s the end of that.
Gracious King Edward has sent us noble Siward and ten thousand soldiers.
My gracious lord, I should tell you what I saw, but I don’t know how to say it.
Dearest Olivia— What do you have to say for yourself, Cesario?—My lord, please— My lord wants to speak.
That’s good advice.
Thank you.
His nurse, grandmother.
Yes,” said my uncle Gloucester, “Small plants are graceful, while ugly weeds grow fast.” And since then, I’ve wished I wouldn’t grow so fast, because sweet flowers are slow while the weeds grow in a hurry.
Grandmother, this would have been a biting joke.
Grant their law-abiding request!
Gratiano talks more nonsense than any other man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Worthy sir, greetings!
Large and increasing.
I have a lot to do before noon.
He is fortifying his castle at Dunsinane with heavy defenses.
Great God of heaven, say amen to all this!
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony is a widower now.
What an enormous thing for us to forget!—Edmund, tell us, where’s the king?
Gremio, this is no time to compete over how deeply we love Bianca.
Sadness over my son’s exile stopped her breath.
Don’t be sad that this happened because of you, because Lady Luck’s been nicer to me than usual.
Am I sorry that I only had one child?
Alas, grim death, how vile and ugly your near-twin, sleep, is!
I’m left with nothing to do in this weak, idle peacetime, unless I want to look at my lumpy shadow in the sun and sing about
Groan?
Grumio gave the order for how it should be done.
Grumio, get me my horse.
Are you mad?
Ha, banishment?
Ha ha, are you good?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha!
Maybe they call me that because I am cheerful.
Hmm, let me see:
Portia!
What are you saying?
Ha!
What’s this?
Huh!
Hey!
What?
Ha?
Yes?
No!
What?
Here’s to you!
If he had as many lives as he’s got hairs on his head, I would’ve killed them all in revenge.
How could he have even entertained these thoughts in his heart?
He would have?
Were his wounds on his front side?
I would, if I had a mirror.
Even if I had a whole bunch of mouths, I wouldn’t be able to answer that.
If I had as many sons as I have hairs on my head, I couldn’t hope that any of them would die more honorably than he did.
If I’d been a god I would’ve let the sea sink inside the earth before it had a chance to swallow up that ship and all the people it was carrying.
If I had known this young man was his son, I would have tried harder to convince him not to fight.
If I had only died an hour before this event I could say I had lived a blessed life.
If I had the goddess Juno’s power, I would make the strong-winged messenger, Mercury, pick you up and seat you beside Jove.
Didn’t I use to have four or five women taking care of me?
If I could colonize this island, my lord— He’d cultivate weeds on it.
If I were you with eyes and a tongue to speak with, I’d crack heaven wide open with my laments!
Who will thank us now?
If my lips had the power to give life, I would wear them out like this.
Wouldn’t that have been just as appropriate?
If our general had been his old self, we would have won.
If she was young and passionate, she’d move as fast as a ball.
If she’d been faithful to me, I never would have given her up, not even if God himself offered me a jewel as big as a planet in exchange for her.
If we’d fought like this before, we’d have driven them home with bandaged heads.
I think if we had fought, we would have proven too young and strong for them after all.
If you’d been as wise as you were bold, With an old man’s mature judgment, You wouldn’t have had to read this scroll.
If you hadn’t been their father, your white hair would have inspired in them only compassion.
If you hadn’t shown up on cue, my lord, Lord Hastings was going to take your part—I mean, he was going to speak for you—in the crowning of the king.
Would you rather that Caesar were living and we would all go to our graves as slaves, or that Caesar were dead and we all lived as free men?
So you had time as you were dying to look around?
If you had, the kings that have revolted and the soldier that deserted this morning would still be behind you.
Did you have no poison, no sharp knife, no weapon you could use to kill me quickly, nothing so disgraceful, except banishment?
Greetings, my lady, and may God always be with you.
Hail to you, thane of Glamis!
Hail to your majesty.
Hello, sir.
Hail, brave friend!
Greetings, Caesar, my lord!
Hello, good sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hello, mortal!
Greetings, dearest Caesar!
Hail!
Hello!
He’s afraid to come in.
Yes it is, you half-blood.
Halfway down the cliff there’s somebody clinging to the rock and gathering wild herbs—a risky business!
Hamlet, you’re dead.
Hamlet.” Dutifully and obediently my daughter showed me this letter, and more like it.
We’ll all join hands and sing, and bless this place with our fairy grace.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him immediately.
Damn that dirty black coalminer of a devil!
Forget about him, Jack!
Don’t tug on my clothes.
Hang our flags on the outer walls.
Hang there on this tree, you lines of poetry, and bear witness to my love.
This epitaph will hang here forever, Continuing to praise Hero after I die.
Damn your mistress!
Destiny chooses when you’ll die and who you’ll marry.
Perhaps a woman’s voice may do some good when some small detail proves to be holding things up.
I think I see a friend who will pay my bail and save my life.
You scolded him in private?
Perhaps there’s still some poison on them, to make me die with a medicinal kiss.
With any luck, the sea and new countries will push out these thoughts that have somehow taken root in his mind.
Hopefully when I get married, I’ll give my husband half my love and half my sense of duty.
Maybe you’ll see some little trinket you want to buy.
I’m even happier that I’m not stupid, and I can learn.
I’m happiest of all that I’m yours now, my lord, my king, and you can guide me as you wish.
Yes, the second time around, since, as they say, old people become children again.
I’m happy to meet you, my lady and my wife.
A fortunate coincidence—more fortunate for your son.
I’m happy to say “amen” to that!
Long live Theseus, our famous and respected duke!
Happy indeed, the way we have spent the day.
Hermia is lucky, wherever she is, because she has beautiful eyes.
It bothers me, though, that these poor spotted innocents, who, after all, are this deserted city’s native citizens, should be gouged with arrows.
Your parents are lucky to have such a lovely child.
England would be lucky to have this virtuous prince as king.
Happy that we’re not too happy, lucky in being not too lucky.
Tie him up harder.—You filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Keep listening.
Listen to our horses neighing, longing to be working.
Listen, Clitus.
Listen, Dardanius.
Listen, your Romeo will be here tonight.
Listen, Guildenstern, and you too, Rosencrantz—listen as close as you can!
Now please listen, sir.
Listen, boy!
Can you hear me?
Come here, Tyrrel.
Listen!
It’s disgraceful!
Listen, listen!
Those trumpets are calling us in to dinner.
Listen, I hear them.
Listen to that Petruchio: she says she’ll see you hanged first.
Listen they’re howling.
Listen Tranio!
What’s that noise?
Listen!
Look!
Listen.
Don’t harp on that point, madam—it’s past.
I will harp on it till my heartstrings break.
My spirit friend, Harpier, is yelling, “It’s time, it’s time!” Dance around the cauldron and throw in the poisoned entrails.
Harry le Roy.
Has he ever tested out these ideas on you before?
Has he, sirs?
He’s written you a letter.
Exactly.
Are you any kind of philosopher yourself, shepherd?
You stole it from her?
Do you have desires?
Are you drunk?
Have you forgotten her?
Have you forgotten the horrid witch Sycorax, stooped over with old age and ill will?
Have you completely forgotten?
Did you find my daughter?
Have you spoken to him?
Don’t you care about me?
Don’t you have a letter for me from the friar?
Don’t you have one word of joy?
You come from heaven, don’t you?
Did you kill him, then?
Have you killed Tybalt?
Do you have the flower?
Do you have in there the pretty snake of the Nile that kills without pain?
Spirit, did you carry out the storm just as I ordered?
You’d have to be as lazy as a weed on the shores of  I knew it!
Run as if your life depended on it.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Rivers and Grey, holy King Henry and your fine son Edward, Vaughan, and all who have died from underhanded, corrupt, fiendish injustice, if your angry souls are witnessing this moment through the clouds, enjoy the revenge—laugh at my ruin!
He’s had a ship wrecked coming from Tripolis.
Has any man seen him at the barber’s?
Has he asked for me?
Has he taken care of the music?
Richard has set boundaries between my love and theirs?
Has homely old age taken the alluring beauty from my poor cheeks?
Haven’t you, boy?
Does Leonato have a son, my lord?
Doesn’t a Jew have eyes?
Doesn’t a Jew have hands, bodily organs, a human shape, five senses, feelings, and passions?
That’s a sin young men often commit because they allow their eyes to wander.
He has to pay the price for his foolish actions.
Has Romeo killed himself?
Has she already forgotten her brave husband, Prince Edward, whom I stabbed on the battlefield three months ago in my anger?
Did she give up all those chances to marry noblemen, give up her father and country and friends, just to be called a whore?
Has she told Benedick how she feels?
Is this servant of yours a smart man?
Has there ever been a time—I’d really like to know—when I’ve definitely said something was true, and it turned out not to be true?
Don’t you have any brothers like you?
Have all his business ventures failed?
Keep an eye on Cinna.
I’ll go straight for that proverb with “To hell with the devil.” You are better at proverbs than I am by as much as “A fool shoots quickly and overshoots his mark.” You have overshot.
Let’s go at it, coward!
Take this!
I’ll come at you with the old proverb: “Should I make myself at home?”
Pay a surgeon to stand by and bind his wounds, Shylock, so he doesn’t bleed to death.
Enough of your magic spells, you hateful, withered hag.
Enough, enough.
Have I hugged you yet?
Have I accomplished so much in battle, but now I’m afraid to tell some old men the truth?
I, who have heard the rumble of guns in battle—and thunder in the sky (heaven’s version of artillery).
I, who have survived storms at sea where the winds raged like wild animals?
Don’t I have a reason to be angry, you disobedient hags?
Do I have the asp’s poison on my lips?
Have I waited so long to see this morning, only to see this?
I did, Malvolio?
Do I, sir?
Have mercy, Jesus!—Wait, I was only dreaming.
If you care about your health, you won’t push me any further.
Have more than you show, Speak less than you know, Lend less than you owe.
Don’t saints and pilgrims have lips too?
Do you have enough love for me to be patient when my bad temper, which I inherited from my mother, makes me forget how I should behave?
Have patience and endure.
Have some patience, please.
Be patient, madam.
Be patient, sir!
Have the excavators stopped work?
Do we have devils on the island?
I’m coming.
Do you want to sink?
Don’t you have any sense at all?
Has your lord given you any orders to negotiate with my face?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have you told her our decision?
Are you done yet?
Do you have permission to go out and take confession today?
Has it been a quiet night?
Have you heard anything to the contrary?
You haven’t heard of the war brewing between the Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you done everything you could to make him tell you the reason?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
Do you have anything else to tell me?
Do you have anything else to say?
Are you making all this noise at this time of night because you have no manners, or because you’re just stupid?
Did you hit your head?
Have you ever heard of anything like that, Roderigo?
Didn’t you send Lysander, as an insult, to follow me around praising my eyes and my face?
Haven’t you totally dismissed my honor and integrity in your anger?
You haven’t said anything against the Duke of Cornwall, have you?
Have you sent anyone to Bottom’s house?
You have enough holy feeling to advise me to “make peace with God,” but you’re willing to go to war with God by murdering me?
Do you have what I told you to get?
Do you have it with you?
Do you have the lion’s part written down?
Have you written that down, that they aren’t criminals?
When I have the juice of that flower, I’ll trickle some drops of it on Titania’s eyes while she’s sleeping.
Risk everything for lead?
He has always loved Cordelia best, and his bad judgment in disowning her now is obvious.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He’s waiting nearby to find out if you’ll invite him in.
He’s staying in the forest with your father now.
He carries himself like a dignified gentleman, and, to tell you the truth, he has a reputation throughout Verona as a virtuous and well-behaved young man.
He carries a third of the world.
My mind is too great for that.
He gets up at nightfall and wanders around till dawn.
He leaps from the ground as if his insides were light as hairs.
He is, my lord.
He brings great news.
He brings me freedom.
He has brought you figs.
He brushes his hat in the mornings.
He calls me “boy” and scolds me as if he had the power to whip me out of Egypt.
He has called for his horse, but I don’t know where he’s headed.
He’s calling us back.
He did, and I gave it to him.
He got there too late.
Judging from his appearance, I bet he can tell us the latest news about the revolt.
No one’s heard from him.
He can’t possibly be such a monster— And I’m sure he isn’t.
The rules of dueling say he has to.
No flattery for him, no sir!
He can’t like her very long.
The king won’t live, I hope.
He won’t get the better of me.
He can’t speak, my lord.
He has come to kill my heart.
I ask for him, and he comes.
Here he comes, my lord.
Six pence a day would’ve been forced on him.
He’s crying out for you and swears he’ll burn your face and disfigure you if he can get ahold of you.
He can’t go in there because of the candle.
He told us to arrange it.
He did ask for mercy.
He said he was going to buy me a necklace, but I never saw it.
He exposed Edgar’s murderous plot, and was wounded, as you see there, when trying to apprehend him.
He commanded me to wake him up early.
He used to praise his mother’s nipple before he sucked it.
He did touch on women a bit, but his body was aching with fever and he talked about the Whore of Babylon.
But then he said strange things to me.
He didn’t say anything, he’s reading.
He received Caesar’s letters, and he is coming.
He did, and he snatched my ring right off my finger.
Yes, he knew about it the whole time.
He started it, my noble lord, and succeeding generations rebuilt it.
He died like someone who had practiced how to toss away his most cherished possession as if it were a worthless a piece of garbage.
The next person to strike again dies.
I’ll kill him!
He does hear me, and that makes me cry.
He builds our fires, gets our firewood, and does all kinds of useful things for us.—Hey!
He smiles so much his face has more lines in it than a map of the East Indies.
It’s a good thing he’s here to recommend himself.
He is.
My lord, he asks that you please visit him tomorrow or the next day.
He does indeed show sparks of something like wit.
He does nothing but frown, as if he wants to say, “If you don’t want me, I don’t care.” He doesn’t even smile when he hears funny stories.
He is, because he told Antonius to tell you he’d be there tomorrow.
He’s dreaming.
And my poor  He’s fainted.—My lord, my lord!
My lord, he’s afraid you mean him harm.
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was speechless.
It’s true, he died on the day my sister turned thirteen.
He followed you.
He refuses, as he is free of vanity and self-serving pride and ascribes all the glory and responsibility for victory to God.
He thanks you on his knees many times and considers himself fortunate to have fallen into the hands of one, as he thinks, who is the bravest, most valorous, and thrice-worthy gentleman of England.
He’s walking ahead of me, and he keeps daring me to follow him.
He goes forth to war bravely.
He’s getting worse and worse.
In Spain, Caesar had a fever, and it made him shake.
Anyway, my conscience says, “Stay put.” “Go,” the devil says.
He had a thousand noses and twisted horns, like wave crests in a storm at sea.
He had no patience.
He had one yesterday.
He did, my lord.
He’s made me a little sore, I’ll admit.
He has almost finished dinner.
He’s been over there practicing how to act for the past half hour.
He has some wonderful home furnishings—that’s what he calls them—that he’ll use to decorate his house when he gets one.
He cut my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody head, too.
He deserves it, even if it were covered with jewels like holy
He must’ve heard that phrase describing some great man and now he’s using it on a jester.
He has killed me, Mother.
He’s got my vote as I die.
He doesn’t have children.
He knows no more about the proper practice of war, see—the ancient practices—than a puppy.
Benedick’s heart is like a bell, with his tongue as the clapper: everything his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
He has one ship bound for Tripoli, another heading for the Indies.
He has an uncle here in Messina who will be glad to hear this news.
He’s recruited Bocchus, the King of Libya; Archelaus of Cappadocia; Philadelphos, King of Paphlagonia; the Thracian king, Adallas; King Manchus of Arabia; the King of Pont; Herod, of Judea; Mithridates, King of Comagen; Polemon and Amyntas, the kings of Mede and Lycaonia, and many more.
He swears he used to be a courtier.
He’s been in an unusually good mood and has granted many gifts to your household and servants.
He really was tricked horribly.
He’s been gone for nine years and he’s leaving again soon.
He brought many captives home to Rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city.
My wife and I ordered him to hang Cordelia in prison and then to make it look as if she committed suicide in despair.
He’s already done so.
He’s laughed at my losses, made fun of my earnings, humiliated my race, thwarted my deals, turned my friends against me, riled up my enemies—and why?
Signior Benedick served well in the war, my lady.
Every month he has a new best friend.
Today he fought as though he were a god who hated mankind.
He’s given his empire to a whore, and now they’re gathering kings to wage a war.
The king has just honored me, and I have earned the good opinion of all sorts of people.
He’s only known you for three days, but he’s already treating you like a close friend.
He’s left them to you and to your heirs forever—public pleasures in which you will be able to stroll and relax.
He’s lost his comrades and is wandering around looking for them.
He’s made me a Christian.
He doesn’t speak Latin, French, or Italian, and you know how little English I speak.
He doesn’t have any daughters, sir.
He has no friends except those who are too afraid to defy him.
He hasn’t told this to the king, has he?
He still hasn’t told us about the captain.
He hasn’t done anything to harm you yet.
No, he refused it publicly, in open court.
He rode that prologue like a wild horse.
He’s slept a long time.
He must be wearing this crazy outfit for some reason.
He has epilepsy, a disease where you fall down.
His youngest daughter, the beautiful Bianca, is the jewel of my life, and he keeps her hidden away from me and other rivals for her hand.
He’s evaded love once or twice, and since then Cupid doesn’t dare to shoot at him.
Yes, but he’d deny it all.
He’s offered me a lot of affection lately.
He has, my lord.
Yes, he has.
He says she has no equal.
He thinks highly of me.
If I may say so, your Majesty, as I see it he would be a coward and a villain not to.
He’s insane.
He is a gentleman of a good family, and for his ransom, he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is like a god and knows the truth.
He’s a good man.—Let’s go, Desdemona.
He’s great-looking, but how can you talk to someone who doesn’t speak your language?
Your father is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
Here’s a sick man who wants to speak with you.
He’s a very proper man.
He’s somewhere else in the house.
They’re speaking to him.
He’s afraid to come in.
He’s his mother’s child from head to toe.
He has already been named king and has left for Scone to be crowned.
He’s arrived.
He’s as ugly in his manners as he is in appearance.— I will indeed.
He is as full of courage as of kindness, princely in both.
He’s pale and hyperventilating, as if a bear were chasing him.
He’s nearby, and Pindarus has come to salute you on behalf of his master.
His attendants are desperate, violent men.
He is called Ensign Pistol.
He is coming.
He is made of treachery, and has run away to avoid his crimes.
He has captured Toryne.
We’re searching on land, but he’s lost in the sea.
He’s definitely drunk now.
He is in love with Hero.
He’s hiding out in Friar Lawrence’s cell.
He’s serious.
He is in heaven, where you will never go.
He is indeed worthy of the name “horse,” and you can call all the rest beasts.
He got what he deserved.
He’s a knight.
Is he really married?
He spends most of his time with the good, noble Claudio.
He’s changed a great deal.
He is my dear friend, your Majesty.
He’s my prisoner and you can’t have him.
He’s my prisoner.
He is positively stuffed with honorable virtues.
Can I have a word with you, Lucillius?
Sir, the person who should sing that song isn’t here.
But he isn’t here now.
He’s not sleeping to fatten up his lazy body, but praying, to nourish his attentive soul.
He’s not the most polite man in the world, but, believe me, he’s gentle as a lamb.
He’s not very tall, but he’s tall enough for his age.
He hasn’t arrived yet.
The man who tells a lie and swears by it is now considered as brave as Hercules.
He’s conducting some business with my lady, and sooner or later he’ll leave.
He has a very gloomy attitude.
He’s an important person.
He’s been captured or killed.
He’s standing ready outside the door.
Here he comes back.
He’s very serious, which is right for someone in mourning like me.
He’s definitely the most active gentleman of France.
He’s been killed.
He must be possessed by the devil.
That’s the right answer—it shows your love.
He is the general challenger.
He’s the only worthy man in Italy, aside from my dear Claudio.
A guy like that is bigger than an ape, but the ape could be his doctor, it’s so much smarter.
He’s too argumentative for me.
He’s not himself because he feels so ashamed.
He is taking care of it as we speak.
He must be very near by now.
He’s very handsome and speaks well, but he’s very young.
He’s welcome here.
He’s welcome too.
Being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough.
I bet he slipped away and went home to bed.
He really is the most skillful, bloodthirsty, and dangerous opponent you can find in Illyria.
He is, my lord, and safe in Leicester, where, if you’d like, we can retreat to.
He is.
He’s giving her a taste of her own medicine.
He knows I recognize him.
He recognizes me like a blind man recognizes a cuckoo—by its bad voice.
He didn’t know how to stop it.
He doesn’t know what he’s saying.
He doesn’t know he’s been appointed governor yet.
He knows that you didn’t embrace Antony because you loved him, but because you feared him.
He really plays well.
He won’t listen to anyone’s advice.
He left behind myself and my twin sister, who was born in the same hour as me.
He insisted on leaving this ring with me whether I wanted it or not.
He doesn’t seem to be alive.
He’s lying through his teeth!
He rests tonight within twenty-one miles of Rome.
There is a man who loves you better than your husband could.
He doesn’t long for the dawn as we do.
He wants to eat the English.
He’s eager to see your head.
He looks calmer than he did before.
He likes me, and I’ve given him good reason to.
He made this rope ladder to be a highway to my bed, but I am a virgin, and I will die a virgin and a widow.
He only married out of political necessity.
He may command me as my king, but you still have power over me as a relative.
He may recover yet.
He can act as brave as he wants, but I believe on a cold night like this he wishes he were neck-deep in the Thames, and I wish he were, too, and I with him, whatever the danger, so long as we were far away from here.
What music should we play then?
He meant he did nothing right for me—which is true, unfortunately.
He might have treated me like that, because I’m as unused to abuse as a little child.
He doesn’t miss a thing.
He called me Sebastian.
Sir, he should have as many as Caesar has.
He doesn’t have to care.
He never did harm that I heard of.
He won’t see my face ever again.
Only he acted from honesty and for the general good.
He only lived long enough to become a man, and as soon as he proved that he was a man by fighting like one, he died.
He has his moods and his ways.
He’s at the duke’s morning and night, accusing the state of harming free trade if they deny him justice.
He begs you to spare his life.
He woke up the whole house with his loud and cowardly screams.
He ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall.
He’s his homeland’s jewel.
He answered, “You penniless bastard!
He said my eyes and my hair were black and, now that I think of it, he scorned me.
He once said the devil would get him because of women.
That’s true.
He saved me the trouble: here he comes.
He says that for Brutus’s sake he finds himself indebted to us all.
He says he’ll come.
Is that a lot of      He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name’s Poor Tom.
Is that what he says?
That’s what he says.
He just said that they’re no good at acting.
He says your daughter’s not feeling well, my lord.
He wants me dead.
He claimed to know that already too, and said that’s the reason he’s come to speak with you.
He couldn’t see you.
The king wishes to know if you want to play against him right away, or wait awhile.
He sent me word that, whether I liked it or not, he liked it fine.
He must do this, or I’ll recant the pardon I just delivered.
He’ll release him.
He will have only justice and his penalty.
He’s not getting anything except the penalty.
He’ll be done in time.
He’ll have to kill both of us, and indeed we’re both men.
He will live as a cursed man.
He mustn’t go to prison.
He will die.
He’ll bring a lot of money to the person who owns him, that’s for sure.
Well, he’ll be dead, so he won’t see anything.
He will be fooled into thinking he is greater than fate, he will mock death, and he will think he is above wisdom, grace, and fear.
He’ll stay as long as I say.
I’ll give him some liquor.
He’ll tell them so.
He’ll think these letters are from Olivia and that she’s in love with him.
He should imprison the person who named you, instead.
There’s another.
He smiled and said, “The better for us.” He’s right, and that’s how it is.
He tried to kill me recently, very recently.
He speaks bluntly, madam.
He’s not telling the truth.
He talks nothing but nonsense.
I’m your master, Dromio.
He speaks well.
He made my heart leap for you.
He’s waiting outside.
He ate at my house, but that doesn’t make me nervous.
He’s having dinner tonight with a prostitute, and I’ll go visit him.
He swore that he’d never get married, but now, despite his earlier protestations, he loves ungrudgingly.
He claimed he knew that, and that’s why he’s come to speak with you.
He taught me how to recognize a man in love, and you’re not a prisoner of love, I’m sure.
He says I won’t get into heaven because I’m a Jew’s daughter, and he says you’re irresponsible because by converting Jews to Christianity you’re raising the price of pork.
Gertrude, he says he’s found out the reason for your son’s insanity.
He leaves me to my own contentment, but that’s the one thing I cannot find.
justice will be rewarded.
Anyone who has a house to cover his head has a good head on his shoulders.
Is that the man you want?
He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning.
He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning”—please, tell me what you meant by that.
A man who’s robbed, but doesn’t miss what’s stolen, isn’t robbed at all.
The man who gives away his crust and his crumbs Will discover that he needs some crumbs back.
If anyone here knows a better way to tame a shrew, speak up, please.
Anyone who wants to separate us will have to smoke us out of the cave of our togetherness like foxes.
The one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome.
He who survives this day and lives to see old age shall yearly entertain his neighbors on the eve, saying, “Tomorrow is
The next man who swings his sword must not care about his life, because the instant he strikes, he dies.
The man who finds the sweetest rose Will be pricked by it, and by Rosalind.
Oh, help me, anyone who wants to live long!
And in return for this gift, he wishes you to drop your claim to the dukedoms.
He thinks he’s still playing his instrument.
He thinks that since his fortune is twenty times better than yours, it would be like pitting twenty men against one.
He looked to the side, and pay attention to what he saw then: under an oak tree—whose lower branches were mossy with age and top branches ancient and brittle—he saw a wretched beggar, with overgrown hair and beard, asleep on his back.
He uses his clownishness to disguise his deadly wit.
When I first heard about him, he was still a bachelor.
He was an admirable king.
He was a great human being.
The man who brought my answer to you was a fool.
He was in a good mood, and then suddenly he started thinking of Rome.
He was dressed like a hunter.
He was my friend, he was faithful and just to me.
He was not born to be shameful.
He was somewhere in the middle, between them . . .
He wasn’t sad, because he knows that his disposition affects others.
When I left him, he was less than nine miles from here.
He was so sharp when he was in school.
As a child, he took such a long time to grow up that, according to his rule, he should have grown up into a gracious adult.
He liked to call me a loan shark; let him think about his debt to me.
He used to lend money as a favor between Christians; but now, let him think about his own debt.
His imagination is making him crazy.
He’d be quite a monster if his eyes were in his tail.
It would be excellent if they could make a man halfway between Don John and Benedick.
He couldn’t be a lion if the Romans weren’t such easy prey.
My brother whom—aside from you—I loved more than anyone else in the world, I trusted to run my state, which at that time was the strongest in the land, and Prospero the number one duke, famous for my dignity and my education.
You can ride him easily, and he responds well when you pull the reins.
You won’t kill me, will you?
He’ll do whatever Hastings does.
He’ll just think an idiot wrote it.
That part of his reputation will stand.
He won’t fight with me, Domitius?
He refuses to admit what everyone else knows.
He wouldn’t say that.
He’ll go back to his Egyptian dish.
He will if he lives long enough to become a man.
My lord, he wonders why you have assembled such troops of citizens to speak with him, since he had no idea they were coming.
He had his helmet visor up.
He wants to be crowned.
And he would have deserved it too.
He’ll just turn it into a joke and torment the poor woman even more.
He would never have spoken to me like this.
Caesar wouldn’t take the crown.
Didn’t feel like it?
Hastings loved the prince’s father so much that we won’t be able to persuade him to do anything against the prince.
It’s him, it’s him.
He deserves a beautiful wife more than all the other men I’ve ever seen.
Why, the he that will marry this woman.
That’s me.
Caliban, who now serves me.
For some reason he’s in prison now on some legal technicality, on Malvolio’s orders.
Whenever he talks about her he can’t stop laughing.
Yes, him, woman.
Yes, it’s me.
This bigmouth jerk here—( He’ll still die by hanging, not drowning, even if every drop of water in the sea tries to swallow him.
And that will save a partridge wing from being eaten, because he’ll be too miserable for dinner.
He’ll wake you up, I bet.
He’ll grow up to be a proper man.
He’ll make your palace tremble for this insult, even if it were the mightiest in all of Europe.
He’ll never agree to that.
When he wakes up!
He insists he’ll speak with you whether you want him to or not.
He’d stay up all night and all day if he didn’t drink himself to sleep.
He’s a conspirator.
Anyone who refuses to drink to my niece until his brain spins around like a merry-go-round is scum.
Arrest him: he’s a friend of the duke of Alençon’s.
He’s a good fellow, I can tell you that much.
He’s a traitor.
He’s a fool and a spendthrift.
He’s near death, and Roderigo’s dead already.
He’s as smart as they come, but just a jester.
He’s as
He’s bound to Octavia.
He’s rushing on his way here right now, and Regan’s with him.
He’s coming, madam; but he’s acting very strangely.
He’s coming, ma'am.
He’s dead and rotting in the dirt now.
He’s dead.
He’s flabby and out of breath.—Here, Hamlet, take my handkerchief and wipe your forehead.
He’s got an answer for everything.
You say he’s friendly with Caesar, healthy, and free.
He’s gone, and his wife’s dead.
He’s dead.
Bardolph, be happy.—Nym, rouse your bragging spirits.—Boy, be brave.
He’s having a fit and talking nonsense.
He’s wearing yellow stockings.
He’s married to Octavia.
He’s married, madam.
He’s married.
He’s not standing straight enough to hold a flag.
He’s not your relative.
No, he’s in Florence.
He’s the color of nutmeg.
We’re safe from my father for at least three hours.
He’s speaking now, or perhaps he’s whispering, “Where’s my serpent of the Nile?” For that’s his pet name for me.
He is what he is.
He is worth more mourning than that, and I will mourn for him.
He is worth no more than that.
Just listen a little more, and I’ll bring you up to date about the present situation, which is the whole reason I’m telling you this story in the first place.
Listen to Antony.
Listen, but don’t speak.
It is for your ears only.
Don’t listen to the bell, Duncan, because it summons you either to heaven or to hell.
I’ll never speak to you again.
Listen to my reasons and be silent so you can hear.
Listen to me patiently.
Listen to me, good Shylock.
Listen to me, Beatrice— Talking with a man outside her bedroom window!
Listen to me, for I have something to tell you.
Listen to me, good brother.
Let me tell you, friends—
Listen to me, madam.
Listen, listen to what I say: whoever strikes first, I’ll run him through with my sword, as sure as I’m a soldier.
Hear me out, my lord.
There is an emergency I must take care of, but my whole heart will remain here with you.
Listen to me, you traitor.
Hear me, you wrangling pirates.
Listen to my excuse.
But I’ll tell you something from my soul.
Meet with the ambassadors.
Listen to the noble Antony.
Hear the shrill whistle that brings order to the hubbub.
Have you heard something of her in your letters?
Did you hear the news that’s going around?
Listen, my lords— We’re in a bit of a hurry, Leonato.
Do you hear us, sir?
Ah, dear Nature, my goddess, listen to me!
Have you heard about anything unusual happening in the city?
Did you hear this, Gonzalo?
Heart, for once be stronger than all the rest of the body combined.
Hearts cannot think it, tongues cannot speak it, meas-urements cannot calculate it, scribes cannot write it, bards cannot sing it, and poets cannot make verses about it.
Thank you very much.
Oh, God!
As God is my witness, you know you’re mine.
You had this child with the help of heaven.
Heaven knows I am.
I hope God keeps that monster from growing in Othello’s mind!
Heaven knows what secrets she’s keeping.
God will free you from blame.
I pray that God will let me learn from women like that—not to follow their bad example, but to avoid it!
And harm is getting close!
May God give their souls rest.
Heaven knows you’re as unfaithful as hell.
Heaven wanted Rosalind to have these gifts And me to live and die as her slave.
Dear God, please make him normal again!
I hope those lions stay far away from him.
I hope to God we can make him happy and do him some good!
If they do fight, I hope Lysander is safe!
May God thank you for it.
My God, I’m the highest-ranking person who speaks this language—if only we were back where it’s spoken.
Whoo-hoo!
Helena, it’s not true.
Helena, we’ll tell you about our secret plan.
Goodbye, Helena.
Help me out of here, quickly!
Take me inside some house, Benvolio, or I’ll pass out.
Help me, help me!
Help me, ladies!
Help us carry these clothes to where my barrel of wine is hidden, or I’ll kick you out of my kingdom.
Good cousin, good Meg, good Ursula, come help me get dressed.
Help me, angels!
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, oh, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Cough them up.
So to be banished from Verona is like being banished from the world, and being banished from the world is death.
With his ambition growing like this—do you hear what I’m saying?
Now I’ll go see my priest, to ask for his help and tell him about my good luck.
Go away and take your children.
Get out of my sight!—I guess if she doesn’t love her father, then I’ll only have peace when I’m dead.—Call the King of France.
Go away and stay apart from me.
Okay, let’s go!
So get out of here!
Go away, get out of here, and stop following me.
Get out of here, you horrible ghost, you hallucination.
Get out, you horrible bastard, or I’ll gouge out your eyes.
Get out of here, before his bad luck infects you too.
Do whatever you want with it.
Go, Mardian, and let me know how he reacts to my death.
Get out of here, you blathering peasant!
Get out, insolent eunuch!
Enough!
Get out of here!
Now get out of here!
Let go of me!
Away!
Go on!
Aren’t you Romeo?
From now on I’ll put up with my anguish until the anguish itself cries out, “Enough, enough!” and disappears.
From now on, take care of your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, crowned king of France and England while still in his infancy, succeeded him.
Her blood has stopped, and her joints are stiff.
She blushes from guilt, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in the Capulet tomb, and her immortal soul lives with the angels in heaven.
Now I’m starting to pity Titania for being so infatuated.
Her eyes are saying something.
If her eyes were in the night sky, they would shine so brightly through space that birds would start singing, thinking her light was the light of day.
Her eyes are vicious, but yours are comforting.
Her fallow fields are overgrown with weeds, while the blade that should uproot such wilderness lies rusting.
Her father is Baptista Minola, a pleasant and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me and used to invite me to his house often, continually asking me about my life and all the battles I’ve fought.
That her father’s brother wants to be her husband?
What color is her hair?
She’s weak and will die unless you comfort her.
Her once-trimmed hedges, like prisoners with wild, untended hair, put forth unruly twigs.
Her husband, you rascal.
Are you her husband, boy?
In this letter you’ll find details of her illness and other, more serious matters that concern you.
Her bridegroom is here.
Since she would love both of you, you two would be joined in that love.
That’s what her mother always tells me.
Her name is Katherina Minola, famous throughout Padua for her scolding tongue.
Yes, you’re right, her name is Margery.
Her name is Portia.
Her reputation was as pure as the snow, but now it’s as dirty and black as my own face.
Her only flaw—and it’s a big one—is that she’s unbearable, a total witch, so much so that I wouldn’t think of marrying her myself, not even if I were in a worse fix than I am, not for a whole goldmine.
Virginity makes her look sick and green.
Her grapes, which make the wine that cheers our hearts, die unpruned on the vines.
Venus went home again, and her little son broke all his arrows, swearing he’ll never shoot them again, but play with birds like other little boys.
Her worth is carried on the wind And it blows throughout the world, carrying the name of Rosalind.
Herald, spare yourself.
Out here everybody can see us.
There are enemies here.
By the door.
Here, at your service.
Here comes Catesby again.
Now, no more questions.
Here come the lovers, laughing happily.—I wish you joy, my friends!
The police are here.
Look, here come two noble animals, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ensign Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another Jew.
Here comes another group looking for you.
Here comes Antony.
He gives BIONDELLO  Here comes Baptista.
Here come Brabantio and the brave Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no part in the killing, will benefit from his death—receiving a share in the commonwealth, as you all will.
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here’s my servant.
Here comes my man, the man I’m looking for.
Ah, here comes my messenger.—What’s going on, you crazy spirit?
Here she comes, the brilliant fool-catcher.
Here comes better news.
Here comes Oberon.
Here comes the owner of one piece.
Here comes one of them now.
But here are other matters to be dealt with.
Here comes Sir Oliver.
Here comes Sir Toby, limping.
Here comes the Duke now.
Ah, the countess is coming!
Here comes the Emperor.
Look, here comes the fool.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, and the noblemen of court.
Here comes my wife now.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain herself.
Here comes the man himself.
Here comes the man who rescued me, sir.
Here comes the noble Antony.
The Prince and Claudio are hurrying this way.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
But be quiet, here comes Thisbe.
Here come two of Duke Senior’s pages.
Here comes young Mr. Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
I will choose this one and try my chances.
But you’re keeping a hundred knights here who are so disorderly, vulgar, and obnoxious that our noble court is starting to look like a noisy cheap hotel.
Here comes the messenger with your niece.
Here he comes with Captain Jamy, the Scots captain.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here and now I seem like Antony, but I can’t keep myself in this form, my boy.
Here I am.
I’m here.
Here I’m kneeling to swear that if I ever did anything to destroy his love for me, either by thoughts or actions, or if I ever took pleasure in anyone else, or if I never did love him, or don’t love him now—even though he tries to shake me off—
Here I am, your slave—a poor, sick, weak, hated old man.
I will sit here in the middle.
Here in the tent.
I’ve lurked in the shadows here to watch the downfall of my enemies.
Here is a friar who’s trembling, sighing and weeping.
Here’s an empty seat, sir.
There’s a farmer here who won’t leave without seeing your Highness.
This is a miracle, if you talk of miracles.
It’s better here than outside.
This island contains everything beneficial to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here’s some more news coming in.
More of us are here.
I’ll sleep over here.
This is the end of my journey, the end of my life.
Here is the cap your Worship ordered.
Here’s the head of that notorious traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here he is.
Here is the money.
Here is the count of the slaughtered French.
Here’s the hut, my lord.
Go ahead, you fool.
Here’s a postscript!.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Then right next to him I saw the murderers, dripping with blood, their daggers rudely covered in gore.
They can sit out there until they die of hunger and disease.
I’ll lie down here and measure out my grave.
Go, tell the Prince.
Here’s the east.
The door’s right here.
Look, love, see how devoted I am?
Here on her breast there’s a little bloody mark.
Ah, here she comes, angry and sad.
The street is narrow here.
So I’ll stay here for a while.
Here’s where they’ll end up, on the floor.
They were planning to pull a mischievous trick on Ferdinand and Miranda, who have sworn not to sleep together till their wedding day.
Here was a Caesar!
He was happy here, listening to a song.
This is our station.
Your servants were fighting your enemy’s servants before I got here.
I’ll sleep here until morning.
Let’s sit here and let the music fill our ears.
You can heat your iron up in here.
I’m right behind you.
Here, catch this box.
Here, Fluellen, stick this in your cap.
Come, take away the  Here comes Master Signior Leonato with the sexton.
Here, here I’ll remain with worms that are your chamber-maids.
Here, here, sir!
I’m here, here!
Here,
At your service, madam.
Here, madam:     Translate.
Here, madam.
I’m here, sir.
Here I am, Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
I’m here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here, Peter Quince.
Signior Tranio, you also took aim at that bird, though you didn’t hit her.—So here’s a health to all who’ve shot and missed.
Here, sir, this is a ring she asked me to give you.
Here, sir, as foolish as ever.
He’s here, sir, but please don’t bother him.
Here, sir!
Here, sir!” You stupid, unpolished dolts!
Here, you there, Grumio.
Here, stand behind this wall; he’ll come right away.
Here I am at your service, my dear lord.
Here, take away the dish.
Here, you goddamn incest-breeding Danish murderer, drink this.
With the permission of Brutus and the others—for Brutus is an honorable man; they are all honorable men—I have come here to speak at Caesar’s funeral.
Here, take this piece of jewelry.
Here.
I’m here.
Things have certainly changed!
What a backward world we live in!
This madman will murder me.
We’re wandering in a maze.
This storm has no pity for either wise men or fools.
There’s a spirit in here!
Here’s another, stronger than the first.
Cassio’s been wounded.
Here’s Decius Brutus.
Here’s a drink.
Here are the rulers of France and Burgundy, my lord.
Here’s something good.
Look, you’ve got his wrinkled hands.
I have made your daughter mine by marriage while false impressions blinded your eyes.
There’s a nicer piece of work right here.
Here’s more news.
There are no bushes or shrubs to protect me from the weather here.
I’ll disguise myself in somber robes.
Here’s someone coming in his pajamas, with a candle and weapons.
I’m a friend, a friend who knows you well.
I’ll shut up now.
Our handwriting gives away our hearts.
We’ve all been duped.
Here’s Romeo’s man.
Snip and snip and cut and slash—it’s got more holes than a sieve!
Such exercise!
You’re making such a fuss.
We’ll drive them to a
Yes.
The friar’s ready.
This is what happened: he and Cleopatra sat on chairs of gold on a silver-covered stage in the marketplace.
This is the place.
I still have the smell of blood on my hand.
Here’s to Caesar.
Here’s to you, Menas.
Here’s to your health.
I’ve had enough of this “off with you!” Come on, let me in!
Some of this liquor’s still left in the goblet.
Later, in a better world than this, I’d love to get to know you.
Well, by this I can see that you don’t love me as much as I love you.
You’ve stained your virtue with your own actions.
The Hero that died!
Hero thinks Beatrice will surely die, for she says she’ll die if he doesn’t love her, and that she’ll die before she tells him, and she’ll die if he woos her and she’s made to hold back even one of her usual insults.
You belong to her.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Are you hiding your forehead with a golden crown, when, if there was any justice in this world, it should be branded with the murders you committed—your slaughter of the prince who held that crown, and of my sons and my brothers?
Instead, hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness.
Hurry up, my Jewish friend.
Hurry, you slave!
Hurry up, Robin, and make the night dark and cloudy.
Wish me luck.
Go to your bedroom.
Go to the church.
Hurry up and get to your horse.
You go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
Hurry up, it’s getting late.
Hurry, Messala, and I’ll look for Pindarus in the meantime.
Hey, hurry up, hurry up!
Great Queen Juno is coming.
Oh-ho-ho, kid!
Yes, you’re absolutely right about how worthy Brutus is and how much we need him.
Is he there in person?
I’m my own spokesman.
His absence means he’s broken his promise, sir.
His feelings don’t move in that direction.
He said that the people weren’t used to being spoken to except by the  What blocks of wood!
The other voice is harsh and abusive.
Yes, it’s well built, and the ship’s pilot is very expert and experienced.
His beard was gray, right?
There is no better one on earth.
Yes, I’ve been responsible for his upbringing.
His heart used to burst the buckles on his breastplate in great fights, but now he’s lost all temperance and dedicates his heart to satisfying the lust of an Egyptian whore.
And though his feelings may be pitched higher than ours, when they plummet, they plummet that much farther.
He feels the need to grace all his other tramps with his presence while I sit at home starving for a smile from him.
I could really use his advice right now.
I don’t like his face.
His cowardly lips turned white, and the same eye whose gaze terrifies the world lost its gleam.
His daughter and I will be king and queen—God protect us!—and you and Trinculo will be our governors.—Do you like that idea, Trinculo?
You are to bring his daughter to the supper.
His daughters want to kill him.
He is close to death, but not dead yet.
He’s not wise enough to be brave.
He abandoned his friend here in an emergency, and even pretended he didn’t know him.
The fact that he serves as a go-between for his lord and my niece Olivia confirms this.
And he deserves it, having been excellent before he had a reputation for it.
He looks humbler than he used to.
Antony’s eyes are fiery red from crying.
His eyes were as green as leeks.
His eyes started glazing over around eight in the morning.
His father was Philip of Macedon, as I remember.
His father, if I do say so myself, is an honest but very poor man, and, thank God, likely to live a long time.
His crime did justice’s job by taking Tybalt’s life.
He’s done wrong, and his master the king will punish him for it.
He was crazy to run away.
It’s not my fault he acts like that, Helena.
One voice speaks well and talks about his friend.
His glory has not been diminished where he earned it, nor have those offenses for which he was killed been exaggerated.
The Prince has made the match, and may God bless it.
Richard is looking cheerful today.
He seems cheerful.
His highness is not well.
While he and I are at one, my loyal servant Catesby will be at the other, so nothing will happen that we won’t find out about.
His horse is killed, so he’s fighting on foot, risking his life to search out Richmond.
He’s late.
He’s furious because you insulted him, and he has a right to satisfaction.
His knights are getting out of control, and he himself reprimands us about every little detail.
I’ll have my lessons in the order and manner
His legs aren’t great, but they’re alright.
His letter will tell you how he’s doing.
I saved his life and gave him my love, without reservation.
His life was gentle, and the elements mixed so well in him that Nature might stand up and say to all the world, “This was a man.” Let’s treat him according to his virtue, with all the respect and rituals of burial.
His majesty is so concerned about my personal safety that he has ordered them to conduct me to the  You’re being arrested?
His name is Balthazar.
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
His name!
His name’s Cinna.
His neigh is like a monarch’s command.
His nurse?
He remembers how unkind he was to her, how he disowned her and sent her abroad, how he gave her rightful inheritance to her two dog-hearted sisters.
He will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home.
Thank you for his present and your trouble.
When he raised his arm in command, the world trembled.
I know the real reason.
As a wandering lunatic, he can do whatever he wants.
The king—whom I hope God will protect better than you would like—can’t get a minute’s rest without you bothering him with your outrageous complaints.
His military ability is double that of the other two.
Lucentio’s son is older than that, sir.
He’s thirty years old.
His son was a minor only two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits are listening to me, but I can’t help cursing him anyway.
His faults were equally matched by his virtues.
He’s really taken this prank to heart.
That’s just what he said in the letter.
He’s out of his right mind.
Gonzalo is a miracle-worker.
I’d trust him with everything I own.
He said “Goodbye, madam,” and nothing else.
Ha, ha, ha!
Lock the door.
Look at you, thrashing about like a blind man.
Hey, open the door!
Fight to the death” is his motto.
Hold him in custody until the Prince gets here.
Keep a little bit of honesty, even if you’re afraid.
Hold off burying her until I’ve caught her in my arms once more.
That’s no way to pray.
Let go of me.
Then, hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it.
Hold your peace.
Stay here.
Are you on duty again tonight?
Wait, here’s a penny to heal your head.
Stop, for God’s sake!
Stop right now!
Stop!
Keep beating, my heart, and muscles, don’t grow old yet—keep me standing.
Shake my hand.
Be there, or don’t show your face again.
Stop, sir, for God’s sake!
Hang on a minute, here’s some money for you.
Stop right now or I’ll throw your dagger over the roof.
Here, take my sword.
Take these keys and get more spices, Nurse.
Take that, and that!
Hold on, then.
Here are forty ducats.
Wait, here’s a coin for you.
It’s half of all my money.
Stop, Sir Toby!
Stop, brave lady, stop!
Stop!
Is it true, sir, that the Duke of Cornwall was killed as they say?
Hey!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, this is a drastic change!
Go home, you lazy men.
Honest Iago’s arranged that.
Thank you, dear Nurse.
Honest, yes, honest.
Good, sir?
Honest, my lord?
Hooray!
Oh!
Let the blood rushing to my cheeks be calmed.
Leap and dance for him.
I believe I have some choice in the matter, sir.
The demon Hoppedance is in Tom’s belly, crying for some fish to eat.
Horatio says we’re imagining it, and won’t let himself believe anything about this horrible thing that we’ve seen twice now.
Horatio, you’re the best man I’ve ever known.
You bastard!
Horns?
What?
No, it’s dreadfully steep.
You tie up horses by their heads, dogs and bears by their necks, monkeys by their waists, and humans by their legs.
Listen, Hortensio.
Have you told him all her faults, Hortensio?
Hush, Hortensio.
Hortensio, what’s all this about?
Hot, hot and moist.
Hound or spaniel, bitch or dog, Whether your tail is short or curly— Tom will make you cry and wail.
Hover about her and tell her she got what she deserved, with her children dead before their time.
How are you?
What do you mean, the seventh cause?
This one?
What do you mean, “wears the wreath”?
What kind of game is this?
How am I unfaithful?
How am I evil to advise Cassio to do exactly what’ll do him good?
How do you both plead?
What should we do about that?
How goes the battle?
Who pays their way?
How can you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell me that you’re out of breath?
Mankind is so beautiful!
Beautifully, sir, beautifully!
Damn that crazy madman!
How did her eyes get so bright?
How did she get that candle?
How did this happen?
How did we manage to get ashore?
How did you get better?
How did you learn about this?
Cassio, how did you get my wife’s handkerchief?
How can it be?
I’ll ask you another question.
But how can you say that, when the king himself says you’re the heir to the Danish throne?
How can that be?
How can it seem like I’m making fun of you, when my tears prove that I’m sincere?
How is that possible?
How will you wreck this marriage?
How can you square things with me?
How can you stand there shamelessly talking about me and Hippolyta, when you know that I know about your love for Theseus?
How can you test them like that?
How dare you tell us about God’s laws when you have broken them so savagely yourself?
How would you woo her?
Tell me, why did the king arrive with such a small entourage?
Why have your rosy cheeks faded so quickly?
How is it that you’ve come back so soon?
What are they doing on the road?
Anyway, how are you, Jessica?
How is it, my husband—oh, how is it—that you have become a stranger to yourself?
Why?
Why is that?
How did he get such an idea?
What’s the “seventh cause”?
How did my master die, Strato?
How’s everyone in Verona?
What do you mean, get rid of him?
How are you doing, Cassio?—Someone bring me a stretcher!
How are you, madam?
How are you feeling, Malvolio?
Thank you.
How are you, sir?
How are you, my ladies?
I’m glad about that.
How does he love me?
How is lieutenant Cassio?
How is my generous sister?
How are you, Hamlet?
How are my old friends from this island doing?—Honey, they’ll love you here in Cyprus.
How are you, my royal lord?
How is my wife?
How’s the queen?
How is your Highness?
How are you and your master getting along?
How are you feeling now?
And how do you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How does it feel to be Benedick the Married Man?
How are you doing, Charles?
How are you, Guildenstern?
How are you, my friend?
How are you doing?
How are you, my lord?
How is my wife?
How is she?
How’s the prince?
How dare you serve it to me this way!
It’s so simple!
How late is it, lords?
Look how far that little candle sends its light!
How are you, soldier?
How is my lord?
How is my Juliet?
My lord, how are you feeling?
How is my noble lord?
So how’s my nephew Hamlet doing?
How’s my nephew doing, noble lord of York?
How are you, your highness?
How is your majesty doing?
It’s so scary to look down!
How wonderful my master is!
Your logic is so foolish.
How foolish your fears seem now, Calphurnia!
What’s the news?
What’s going on in here?
How are things now?
How does it go with my magnificent Mark Antony?
How’s the night going, boy?
How’s it going?
How are things going now?
How green!
How did you lose your breath?
What have you done?
If you’re a member of a divine spiritual order of men who forgive sins, and you say you’re my friend, how do you have the heart to mangle me with the word banishment?
How did you tolerate prison?
What have I ever done that he has anything to complain about?
How exactly have I offended you?
I’ve been so tortured since I lost track of you!
How did you know what happened to your poor father?
How did you divide yourself in two?
How did you sleep, my lord?
My lord is so heavy!
I’m so crazy about you!
What I think about this, and about what’s happening here in Rome, I’ll tell you later.
The poor souls—how strangely they talk!
What if she’s pretty but stupid?
you will  And what if he won’t stop?
But what if my answer’s no?
What if she won’t kiss me?
And what if they won’t go?
What if your husband strays elsewhere?
How do you mean, “conspired”?
What’s happening to me, that I’m frightened of every noise?
How are you, my pretty Bianca?
How are you?
How are you doing, brother?
How do you feel, Laertes?
So how did it go, sir?
How do you feel?
How else is he the “man in the moon”?
How is she?
What happened, general?
What’s this man’s reputation like here in the city?
How are you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How did you like the young German, the duke of Saxony’s nephew?
What do you think of these quick-witted folks, Gremio?
How long has he been there?
He’s dead.
How long has he been possessed like this?
How long have you believed in astrology?
How long do you plan to stay here in this forest?
How did he look?
How did you two get separated?
So how short am I, you painted barber pole?
How short am I?
Look how lush and healthy the grass is!
How unlucky am I, having to apologize for doing the right thing!
How many people are cowards at heart but wear beards like Hercules or Mars, the god of war?
How many infatuated people go mad with jealousy!
How many noblemen were killed in the battle you just fought?
How many wonderful creatures there are here!
How many months do you want?
How many people who are humble now would be great then?
How many things in life seem good to us because of when they happen!
How many times will Caesar bleed again in show, though he now lies at the base of Pompey’s statue, as worthless as dust!
How many, can you guess?
How can that be?
His messengers are waiting here to take me to him immediately, on pressing state business.
What can we do to find out if it’s true?
And it’s definitely better to cry because you’re happy than laugh because you’re sad!
Do you want to know the truth?
How many noblemen would be weeded out and would become peasants?
You’re so much older than you look!
You are nothing like Mark Antony!
And how would we go about doing that?
Hello, brother Edmund.
Tell me, Captain Macmorris, have you left the tunnels?
Hey, Cassio!
How are you, Hero?
What’s up, daughter and niece?
What’s going on, daughter?
What’s up, my man?
Tell me, Fluellen: did you just come from the bridge?
How goes it, friend Eros?
What’s going on here, general?
Hello, sir!
What’s up, Grumio?
What’s going on, Horatio?
What’s wrong?
What, are we playing with interjections?
What do you mean, lady?
What’s the news with you?
How are you, Lorenzo?
How are you, Malvolio?
What’s going on, Malvolio?
Hello there, good sirs.
What are you saying, mistress?
What’s going on, Othello, darling?
Why so pale, my friend?
Hello, my friends!
What’s going on, my lord?
What’s with you, my lord?
What’s this, my lord?
What’s going on, my love?
How are you, my golden girl?
How are you, my friend?
Well hello, my good boy.
What is it, my dear Bianca?
So what’s the story, old boy?
Well, Oswald?
Hello, Roderigo!
How are you, Roderigo?
How’s it going, Shylock?
How are you, Sir Toby Belch?
Hello there, sir!
So, sir.
What’s up, man?
Hello, spirit!
Hello, Tubal.
Hello, do you have any news?
Say, what’s the trouble?
Who’s calling me?
What’s the news, brave soldier?
What’s this, you dog?
What’s going on here, you secret, evil, midnight hags?
What’s going on?
What’s the news!
Hello, sir.
What’s this!
Hello.
Who’s that?
So what’s going on?
What’s this?
A  What’s going on?
What are you, girl?
What?
Why are you talking like that?
How strange I’m feeling!
He was dressed so oddly too!
Your answer is so strange!
How often tonight have my old feet stumbled on gravestones!
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How could you ask?
How did he say good-bye?
You’re a poor man if you’re this impatient!
And how, out of your great heap of knowledge, will you manage to prove that?
What a wonderful time to be alive!
How will you get proof?
What did you think about that French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
What do you think about this change?
What do you say now?
EPHESUS Now what do you think?
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
What do you think about him, Cassio?
Deal?
What do you say, Signior Gremio?
What do you think?
Okay.
I don’t understand—how should I answer that?
How will I recognize you in the future?
How can I bring those promises back down to earth, unless my husband sends them back down to me by dying and going to heaven?
How will we pass the time without some entertainment?
How can this drama be so many contradictory things?
Then how will we see their own natural tears?
How can we tell which of us is the oldest?
How can you ever hope for mercy for yourself, when you don’t give any now?
How could that happen?
How should madmen hear, if wise men can’t even see?
The sound of lovers calling each others names through the night is silver-sweet.
Just as if they were perfectly loyal and faithful.
How sound asleep she is!
How sweet it would be to actually have the woman I love, when merely thinking about love makes me so happy.
How beautiful the moonlight’s shining on this bank!
That man always looks so sour!
The question is, how would being king change him?
Look how the moon seems to be sleeping with its lover and can’t be awoken!
What then, sick?
What do you think, madam?
Why are you bothering this poor man!
This makes me feel so much better!
Ah, how will this all turn out?
How are you going to live?
What are you going to do for a father?
How could I honorably give him what I’ve already given you?
What has the governor of the town decided?
Please, please tell me!
What are you saying, Cordelia?
What is this?
Why?
How could so many people, under two masters, get along under one roof?
The more you joke about it, the more clearly I feel how serious it is!
I’m afraid to think how I’ll be criticized for letting my natural affection for my father give way to my loyalty to you.
What would you have said, my young York?
He’s without equal!
How can this be?
What!
What do you mean?
What?
How?
What’s that?
How’s that?
What time is it?
But I won’t attack a woman, even if she is a demon.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
They howl about banishment.
Well, how nice, a riddle!
Another case: Hugh Capet, who usurped the crown from Charles the duke of Lorraine—sole male heir in a direct line from Charles the Great—passed himself off as heir to Lady Lingare, daughter of Charlemagne, who was the son of Lewis the Emperor (who was the son of Charles the Great), in order to give his claim to the throne more validity (though, in fact, the claim was completely false and worthless).
Ha!
I humbly thank you, sir.
On my knee, I humbly ask your blessing.
I humbly thank you.
Hmmph!
Huntsman, look after my hounds.
Hurt him in eleven different places.
Husband, I’ll eat with you in private today and hear your confession about all the pranks you’ve pulled.
Let’s follow them to see how this turns out.
Husband?
Be silent, or else my magic spell will be broken.
You think he’s special, since you’ve only ever seen him and Caliban.
Quiet!
Hymen brought her from heaven Yes, brought her here.
Me, “greedy”!
I can’t believe I was scared of him!
I’m dying for food, so let me have some.
I’m going on alone.
Ah, I’m an odd kind of guy.
Look at me crying—what a fool I am to cry at what makes me happy.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I’m a nobleman, and I know what I’m doing in assigning this job to you.
I’m a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I’m a gentleman.
Because I’m a Jew.
But you’ll have to catch me!
I’m a soldier, more experienced than you, and better able to give orders.
I’m no ordinary fairy.
I’m like the one sick sheep in the flock, the one who deserves to die.
I’m a foolish, senile old man, eighty-something years old, not an hour more or less.
I am a villain.
I think few die well who die in battle.
I sense you’re treating me like a child.
Because it’s dark out, I’m afraid all this is just a dream, too sweet to be real.
I’m afraid he’ll punish me.
What an idiotic place this world is.
It scares me just to hear you talk about it.
This imaginary suitor for Katherina—I’d buy him the best horse in Padua if he’d get here quickly, woo her, marry her, take her to bed, and rid the house of her.
I am the only daughter in my father’s family, and all the brothers too—but I’m not completely sure about that.
I am the worst person alive, and I know it the best.
I don’t know what to say.
I’m an ass, I’m a woman’s servant, and I’m beside myself.
I am an ass, indeed: you can tell by my long ears.
I must be as stupid as an ass—that’s why I don’t know her, but she knows me.
I’m ready and waiting.—Give me your hand, Bassanio.
I’m as crazy as he is, if sad craziness and happy craziness are equivalent.
I’m ashamed that I yielded to them.
I am ashamed that women are so foolish as to declare war when they should plead on their knees for peace, that they seek authority, supremacy, and power when they are under an obligation to serve, love, and obey.
I’m tired of this moon.
I am tired.
I’ve been invited to supper, Jessica.
I am bound by oath, so please forgive me.
I’m ready to hear you.
I’m going to Count Orsino’s court.
I’m indebted to you forever.
I’m headed for your niece, sir.
Yet not one among them, if all three were to wait on me, could be my “man,” because three such fakes don’t amount to a man.
I’ve only been hurt, not killed.
I’m only crazy sometimes.
My name is Decretus.
I’m being called.
I’ve changed my mind about that.
I’m Christopher Sly.
I’ve come to say farewell to my king and master.
I’ll do whatever the king wants.
Delighted to hear you ask so nicely, but I won’t stay in any case.
I am satisfied, as long as the maiden cities you talk of come with her.
I am content, if that’s the way you want it.
I’m satisfied.
As a favor to  I’m delighted.
My brains are injured.
If I remember correctly, I can’t raise the entire three thousand ducats immediately.
My situation is desperate.
I’m just worried that you’ve been cozying up to her, and gotten intimate with her.
I’m speechless.
I am dying, Cleopatra, dying.
No rescue for me?
He’s starving me to death.
The people fear me in the country and the town.
So, are you done?
I’ll drink as much as you do!
I’m about to fly away.
I am ready for you.
I’ll fight you.
I’m full of joy.
I’ve been informed by certain sources I can’t disclose that your younger brother Orlando plans to fight me in disguise.
I am glad he’s coming, however he’s dressed.
Good.
I’m very glad.
I’m glad to see you go.
I’m glad Casca is with us.
I’m glad.
I’m happy about that.
I’m glad that my weak words have provoked even this small show of protest from you.
If it were, you would find me such an ordinary king that you would think I’d sold my farm to buy my crown.
I’m glad your father isn’t alive to see this.
I’m glad to see you in such a merry mood.
I’m glad you’re insane enough to admit it in front of me.
Nice to see you again, Horatio—that is your name, right?
I’m glad to see you.
I’m glad to see your highness.
I’m glad to see you.
My body waits here, but the rest of me is gone.
Easy, Petruchio.
Come on, Nerissa, I want to go see this man who’s come so courteously.
Well, I’m the man you’re speaking of.
I am Benedick.
I’m very glad I came to see you.
I’m already here, sir.
And I’m her father as well.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
I’m your daughter.
I’ve been hurt.
I’m a prince by birth, Miranda—maybe even a king now; though I wish I weren’t—and normally I wouldn’t put up with carrying these logs any more than I’d let flies breed in my mouth.
It orders me to hand the noble duke of Clarence over to you.
I am indebted to you for your last sermon.
Yes, thoroughly.
I’m Launcelot, who was your boy, is your son, and will be your child.
I’m reluctant to tell you what I wish you knew.
I’m locked in one of them.
I’ll be crippled forever!
I’ve been tricked.
I’m more like an ancient Roman than a corrupt modern Dane.
I’m proud to be Sir Rowland’s son—his youngest son—and I would never change that, not even to be Frederick’s adopted heir.
I’m afraid his mother may have had an affair with a blacksmith.
Thank you very much.
I’m never in the mood to laugh when I hear sweet music.
I am not a child or an infant.
I’m not a paid messenger, my lady.
I’m not a fighter.
I’m no less noble than you are, Edmund.
I’m no more insane than you are, and I’ll prove it.
I’m not a traitor.
I’m no villain.
I’m not one of his sluts.
I’m not one of his punk friends who carries a knife.
You lowlife son-of-a-bitch!
I’m not a slut—I keep myself clean—but I thank God I am ugly.
I am not some fiend of hell: you can’t get rid of me with spells.
I wasn’t invited because they like me.
I don’t have to give you answers that you like.
I’m not Cinna the conspirator.
I’m not drunk.
I don’t want to dance.
I don’t have the cash right now.
I don’t like sports.
I didn’t kill Lysander.
I’m not here.
If he’s been killed, say “Yes.” If not, say “No.” These short words will determine my joy or my pain.
I’m not in a joking mood.
I am not in the giving mood today.
I’m not insane, Sir Topas.
I’m not possessed!
I am not made of stone; I am affected by all these kind pleas, though it goes against my conscience and my soul.
It’s true I’m not married, Caesar.
I’m not as happy as I seem.
I’m not a man who talks a lot, but I thank you.
I’m not like you.
I’m not sick if you’ve prepared some honorable exploit for me.
I don’t have that kind of reputation!
I don’t feel so well, but I won’t stop.
I’m not sorry, either.
I’m not Stephano, I’m a walking cramp.
I’m not such an idiot that I can’t keep my hands dry.
I’ve never been taught how to make anything.
You don’t know me, but I know you’re an important person.
I am not treacherous.
I’m not feeling well—that’s all.
I’m not well.
I’m not who I appear to be.
Right now I’m away from home and I can’t provide you with proper care.
Now I’m in a great hurry, as I’m sure you can see.
I’m old and foolish.
But I’m old now, and suffering has weakened me.
Now, if you occupy some place in the list of men that isn’t down at the very bottom, tell me.
The kind that tells you that the Moor is having sex with your daughter right now.
I’m just sorry I had to be the one to kill him.
You sound out of tune.
I’m being repaid for that now.
I’m sick, Charmian.
I’m done for in this world, I believe.
I’ve been poisoned.
The smell of leek turns my stomach.
Just as Antony loves.
I’m ready now.
I’m coming.
I don’t feel like going.
I am satisfied.
I’m out of breath, sir.
I have been sent on ahead to light a fire, and they are coming after to warm themselves.
I am sick and sullen.
I hate him so much it makes me sick, and whoever can ruin his happiness will make me happy.
I’m completely lost.
If I stay longer, I’ll embarrass you and disgrace myself by crying.
I am.
I am sorry for her, as I should be, since I am both her uncle and her guardian.
I feel awful for my cousin.
I’m sorry, my friend.
I feel sorry for you.
I’m sorry about what happened, but I’m sure everything will turn out all right.
I’m sorry I hit you.
I’m sorry I was so wrong about him.
I regret not observing him more closely before I told you to do that.
I’m sorry you don’t have time.—Antonio, give this gentleman a reward.
I’m sorry you’re leaving my father like this.
I’m sorry to find you like this.
I’m sorry to have to say this— Help me away from here, dear Charmian!
I’m sorry to hear this.
I’m so sorry.
I’m finished.
I’m strong-willed.
Sorry, I’m all stuffed.
I’m sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.
I’m sure he’s out there dancing.
I just know I’m not one.
I’m sure nobody would have any reason to fight with me.
I’m sure of that.
I’m sure the duke will never allow this contract to be enforced.
I’m sure you aren’t Launcelot, my boy.
I’m sure you both remember me.
I’m sure you know him.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness deserves thanks.
I’ll be good, sir.
All these quarrels are about me.
That’s me you’re talking about, the playful wanderer of the night.
I am the duke who loved your father.
I am the greatest, but I was able to do the least.
I’m the king himself.
I’m the man she wants.
I’m Sir Rowland’s middle son, and I bring you news.
I am the son of Marcus Cato!
I’m the one who— I’ll get right on that.
I am the youngest man by that name, because there is no one younger, or worse.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I’m reminding your grace what you promised me.
I’m the ghost of your father, doomed for a certain period of time to walk the earth at night, while during the day I’m trapped in the fires of purgatory until I’ve done penance for my past sins.
I’m backed into a corner with nowhere to run.
I’m to blame for making you wait for me.
I’m sorry.
Please don’t take what I said more seriously than it deserves to be taken.
His arrow has pierced me too deeply, so I can’t fly high with his cheerful feathers.
I’ve been transformed somehow, haven’t I, master?
I am unfit to rule and to be king.
I’m very sensitive, and even the smallest bit of rudeness hurts my feelings.
I’m very glad about that.
Very nice to see you, sir.
I’m very glad to see you.
I’m very uncomfortable, and that won’t help my case.
I am arrogant, vengeful, ambitious, with more ill will in me than I can fit into my thoughts, and more than I have time to carry it out in.
I’m very sorry you’re not feeling well.
I’m tired of you.
It would be smart to offer someone poor and innocent like me as a sacrificial lamb to satisfy an angry god like Macbeth.
You are my guests.
I’m your neighbor and came courting first.
I’m yours forever.
I’m your little dog, Demetrius.
I’ll be your wife if you’ll have me.
I am.
I need to be alone with my thoughts for a while and don’t want any company.
My sword and I will earn our place in history.
I make her angry sometimes by saying that Paris is more handsome than you are.
Pay you?
Henry Lord Scroop of Masham, I arrest you for high treason.
Richard Earl of Cambridge, I arrest you for high treason.
Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland, I arrest you for high treason.
I assure your majesty I’m only doing my duty both to my God and my good king.
I’m telling you, it was Carthage.
I’ll wait on them with all respect and duty.
I told him to knock at your gate and for the life of me could not get him to do it.
I carry no hatred, holy man, because my request will benefit my enemy.
You, Prince, are the man who can give me justice.
I believe drink did all of this to you last night.
I think we’ll have to leave out all the killing, come to think of it.
Please, young man, don’t make me angry.
Please forgive me if I’m mistaken, my lord—but I can’t keep quiet when I think you’re being insulted.
Please, do me this one favor: find out what I’ve done to offend this knight.
Please, follow straight after me.
Please go, sir.
Please, sir, I beg you.
What kind of man is he?
Yes, please tell me.
You dog, you peasant!
I didn’t order it.
More than anything else in the world, I love you, value you, and honor you.
I’m bleeding, but you didn’t kill me.
I’m not bringing any declarations of war or demands for cash.
I have news for you about the Prince’s punishment.
I only partly believe it, for I’m enthusiastic and resolved to meet all dangers without wavering.
According to an agreement, I should wear it myself.
I’m being gentle with you, because I’m one of those good-hearted people who are polite to the devil himself.
I didn’t call you.
I meant they had to give her credit.
Back then, I called you “a poor, imitation queen,” a badly reproduced copy of what I was, a pretty prologue for the tragedy that was about to follow, a woman who was lifted high only to be hurled down to hell, a mother only teased with two beautiful children, who would soon die.
I came from Corinth, Your Highness.
I came here to tell you—I’ll make this short, since she’s already been talked about for too long—the lady is unfaithful.
I can’t explain it.
I’ll wait patiently.
I can’t watch any more.
I can hardly keep myself from throwing things at him.
I can be discreet in honorable matters, ride a horse, run, tell a good story badly, and deliver a plain message bluntly.
I can’t live by pretending anymore.
I can’t speak any more.
I can’t speak anymore.
I can read.
I’m sorry, but I memorized what I’m supposed to say here today, and that question isn’t part of the speech I learned.
I can see what’s in broad daylight.
I’m still young enough to see without glasses, and I don’t see what you’re talking about.
I can stand well enough, and I can speak just fine.
Meanwhile I’ll stay with Regan with my hundred knights.
I can suck sadness out of a song the way a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I swear.
Where, good Miss Mary?
I know what you’d do.
I tell you, you can use it to get your shoes fixed.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you started looking for him.
I can tell your Majesty, the duke is a brave man.
I can make my handwriting look just like Lady Olivia’s: she
I can arrange it so that at some indecent hour of the night, she looks out Hero’s bedroom window.
I can help you find a wife who’s rich, young, beautiful, and reared in a manner fit for a gentlewoman.
I can’t make myself a man by wishing I were, so as a woman I’ll die, from grieving.
I refuse to accept that.
Goneril, you know how much I love you, but still I have to say— Shush, please.
I can’t believe that.
I can’t ask you to make my daughter live—that’s impossible—but I beg you both to tell the people of Messina that she was innocent when she died.
I can’t blame her.
I cannot blame you now for weeping.
I can’t help remembering the things that were most precious to me.
I can’t pull a cart or eat dried oats like a horse.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus’s love.
I can’t find it.
I can’t run away.
I can’t go any further.
All right!” It’s not fine, and I’m not all right!
I can’t find anyone who saw her leave.
I can’t hide what I am.
I don’t expect Caesar and Antony will have a very friendly reunion.
I cannot live without her.
I will not live to hear the news from England.
I can’t love him.
I can’t make up for everything that I’d like to, so accept such kindness as I can offer.
I can’t say “whore.” It makes me sick to say the word even now.
I’d rather have lost my legs in battle than be a part of this!
I can’t talk about my happiness anymore.
I don’t know about that.
I can’t speak to her, even though she asked me to.
I cannot speak your England.
I don’t understand all dat.
I don’t know what you and other men think of this life, but as for me, I’d rather not live at all than live to worship a man as ordinary as myself.
I don’t know, except they are busy with some phony guarantee.
I’m not sure, but I don’t think so.
I don’t remember.
It’s not for me to say.
I don’t know.
He  I can’t tell what’s going on.
I can’t believe that.
I can’t believe my sister would neglect her obligations in any way.
I can’t believe you’re my son.
Well, I wouldn’t want to undo the naughtiness, since the boy turned out so well.
I’m not interested in being good.
I wouldn’t care about my spirits, if my legs weren’t tired.
I don’t care.
Well, that doesn’t worry me.
As my child, I order you to do so.
I insist, don’t be more distressed than I am.
I’m telling you, get out of here, and don’t follow me around like this.
I order you, speak!
Don’t try to tempt me!
I urge you to deliver your verdict.
If you hope to have your sins forgiven by Christ’s dear blood, which He shed for our terrible sins, you must leave and keep your hands off me.
I’m ordering you, go home.
I order you to come with me.
I’ve made my choice.
I chose her for my wife when I thought I had no father to ask advice of.
I have only come in—like the others have—to try to fight him with the strength of my youth.
I haven’t come to steal your loyalty, friends.
I have come here to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I’ve come to take you to the senate house.
I come to ask you out of charity to let us wander over this bloody field to record the numbers of our dead and bury them, separating our nobles from the common men, for many of our princes—alas!—lie drowned and soaked in the blood of mercenary soldiers.
I ordered that the sleeves be cut out and sewed up again, and I’ll prove it in combat even if your little finger is armed with your thimble.
My services are at your command.
I admire your efforts, and all of you will share the rewards.
I know it’s foolish to be so much in love, but I can’t help it.
I admit the cape.
I admit two sleeves.
I demand this in the name of all the saints in heaven.
Tell me what I want to know.
I could be sad if I wanted to be.
I could be convinced if I were like you.
I could do more to help Antony, but to do so would insult him.
I could find it in my heart to beat him— Come on, kiss my feet.
I could even supply the dialogue between you and your lover if you did your little puppet show of love for me.
I could make the same boast even if I had a pig as my mistress.
I could marry that Maria for thinking this up.
I’d like to munch on some good dry oats.
I’ve never been more useful to you than I will be now.
I didn’t find him at the Elephant.
I didn’t have the heart to say no to him.
I could not forget you, since I never saw you before in my life.
I couldn’t stay behind after you left.
I could do a great job with Hercules, or any other part that requires ranting and raving.
She is worse than wicked.
I have more news too.
I could do without another toast.
I wish there was less social pressure to drink.
I want the law, the penalty, and the fulfillment of my contract.
Even if you were as handsome as  I beg your highness’ pardon.
I’ll cross myself.
I beg your pardon—I thought it was me whom you were calling all those terrible names.
I mistook you for that sly Venetian woman who married Othello.—You whorehouse-keeper.
Oh, yes, I’m sorry, uncle.—If you’ll excuse me, your grace.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon, sirs.—Please tell me your name, sir?
Heaven keep you safe!
I can assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
I hate to say it, but it’s almost two and we won’t get there before suppertime.
Yes, I do.
I’d swear he wouldn’t leave it behind, or even take it off his finger, for all the money in the world.
Please, come with me.
Believe me, I’ll draw my sword as quick as any other man if I see a fight starting and the law is on my side.
I’ll bet anything you like that nothing will happen, once again.
I’m sure I can answer for him—he doesn’t know any, either.
I can’t admit that, since you’d have to compare his excellence to mine.
I’d better not drink now.
I don’t dare come down—forgive me, my lord—I don’t dare, for fear of capture.
I don’t dare, sir.
I’ll bet my life that he only wrote this letter to gauge my love for you, and for no other reason.
Oh, I’m sure you don’t dislike him so much as to wish he were here alone, even though you say this to find out how the rest of us feel.
I think he’s actually serious, and not just being polite.
I could swear this is the real Vincentio.
I do dare, and I say that you are the villain.
I defy brain-death!
Sometimes all I want to do is see plays and go out dancing.
I didn’t refuse you.
I don’t deny it.
I want to head out tonight.
I look forward to getting to know you better, Mr. Mustardseed.
I played Julius Caesar.
I heard him groan—yes, I did—and the same tongue that ordered the Romans to obey him and transcribe his speeches in their books cried, “Give me some water, Titinius,” like a sick girl.
I heard the galloping of horses.
I was wrong to her— Do you know how an oyster makes its shell?
I used to love you.
I never heard so loud a voice issue from such an empty heart.
I didn’t accuse you of lying.
I did not kill your husband.
I haven’t seen him recently.
I haven’t seen you since you sent me to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I didn’t realize he knew her.
I didn’t think I would ever fight Pompey.
I didn’t think you could even be so angry.
I didn’t think I would see you here.
My sweet husband, I did not lock you out.
I didn’t.
I didn’t do anything.
That’s what I said when I first conjured the tempest.
I asked you for gold to pay my soldiers, and you wouldn’t give it to me.
After you cast your magic spell on me last time, I sent you a ring.
I did.
I did that and more, which brings me to the point of this second meeting.
Look how shapely your legs are.
I watched him very closely.
Yes, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
You’re under arrest, sir.
I assure you, sir, it’s true.
I swear to you, I don’t want to be doing this.
I’m waiting here for the general, and I don’t want him to see me with a woman.
I’m starting to feel murderous urges.
I really think it was him.
I believe you, and I ask you to forgive me.
I think this applause is for some new honors awarded to Caesar.
I ask you, if you have a grudge against me, to kill me now, while your stained hands still reek of blood.
Those of you who are young and active, I beg you to follow them and keep them from doing the crazy things their guilt might push them to do.
I’m asking you to understand my point of view.
I beg you to tell me your name so I can use it in my prayers.
Please, sir, have patience.
Please, sir, don’t trouble yourself.
Please, don’t take it badly, but I cannot and will not give in to you.
I’m begging you.
I beg you to pardon me.
I beg your
Please, your Grace, tell me what crime I have committed.
Please, my lord, call her back.
I’m biting my thumb.
All I’m asking for is to have that little human boy as part of my crew.
I’m only trying to keep the peace.
I’ll stay in Messina until you’re married, and then I’ll go to Aragon.
I confess my crime and throw myself on your Highness’s mercy.
I agree— Put a mark next to his name too, Antony.
I’m arresting you as a criminal.
I hope it doesn’t make me unchaste that I really want to be a married woman.
I don’t want anything more.
I also hope that we can be better strangers.
I willingly accept your offer and put my future in your hands.
I ask that none of you leave, except myself, until Antony has finished.
Your grace, please forgive me.
I’m afraid the people have made Caesar their king.
I can hear the lark singing.
I don’t know what I’m doing.
I recognize his walk.
I know when a man is on fire, he’ll swear anything.
I’m not competitive like Antony.
I like it better than laughing.
There is nothing in the world that I love as much as you.
That’s not how I do business.
I won’t beg the gods to punish you, or caution you to fear their judgment.
I’m not asking you to call her.
I don’t expect him to answer for me, and yet I’m determined to fight vigorously for him.
I don’t think you’re treating me fairly.
No, of course you don’t.
I’ve never known any woman or seen a woman’s face—except my own in the mirror.
I don’t know what “poetical” means.
I do not know that you are as good a man as myself.
I don’t know what to believe, father.
I don’t know.
I don’t like her name.
I don’t like what you’re asking me to do.
Of all places, I don’t like the
I swear, I don’t like the look of you.
I don’t like your faults.
I know I’m not fooling myself, or letting myself get carried away by my imagination, because every clue points to the fact that Lady Olivia loves me.
I don’t see any blood.
And as for my soul, how can the ghost endanger that, since it’s as immortal as the ghost is?
I doubt it.
I don’t think it’s a good idea.
I don’t think so.
I don’t think any woman like that exists.
I doubt it, since you weren’t even three at the time.
I don’t understand.
I’m not sure, my lord.
I don’t really understand what you mean.
No, I don’t, sir.
I don’t until you practice them on me.
I guess this is not a fish, but a native who got struck by lightning just now.
I’ll obey you until I can make bail.
This shepherd boy reminds me quite vividly of my daughter.
As I remember, Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond would be king when Richmond was only a foolish little boy.
I understand now.
I remember very well where I should be, and here I am.
I remember.
I’m sorry I said anything.
I regret all the boring time I wasted with her.
tody of them so I can do what’s best out of concern for their honor and the safety of the kingdom.
I’ll help you through this business.
It’s true, I confess.
I do suffer love, because I love you against my will.
I suspect that I have committed some offence to the city and you have come to reprimand me for not knowing better.
I do the wrong and am the first to start quarrels.
I think there must be something invigorating about death, since she dies with such enthusiasm.
I wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the Earth.
This harms my reputation.
I do, and it sounds like you’re talking in your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I do, in fact.
Yes, I do.
I do.
I doubt it’s anything but the obvious reason: his father’s dying and our quick marriage.
No doubt, but you may be going about it the wrong way—Neighbor, this gift is very gracious, I’m sure.
I suspect his friends will join us.
I’m sure he will stay under control.
I don’t doubt your wisdom.
I have no doubt about that, since I know there isn’t a man among us who isn’t with me wholeheartedly, or a soul left behind who doesn’t wish us success and conquest.
I’m afraid something dangerous is coming toward you.
I suspect some foul play.
I had a dream last night.
I had a dream last night about the three witches.
I dreamed about an emperor called Antony.
I dreamed last night that I feasted with Caesar, and unlucky signs overwhelmed my imagination.
I drew my sword to part them.
I drink to you.
Imagine, me, a drunk!
Before you got so angry, I never would have thought that.
I wouldn’t have dared!
I’d swear to you on my soul that she’s a good, honest person, sir.
I eat the air, like chameleons do.
I’m game.
I’m afraid it will make you too hot, too.
If he’s so sad and solemn when he’s young, I can only imagine how much he’ll cry as an old man.
I’m afraid he will.
I’m afraid that I wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed Caesar.
I’m afraid it will  I’d love it.
I’m really worried about that.
I fear that your words and your heart are both false.
I’m afraid you’ll keep going until then.
I’m afraid my Thisbe has forgotten her promise!—And you, oh Wall, oh sweet, oh lovely Wall, you stand between her father’s property and mine, you Wall, oh Wall, oh sweet and lovely Wall.
I’m not afraid of dead uncles.
I’m not scared of you.
I’m afraid you’ll come to me again for ransom.
I’m afraid you’ve sold your own land to see other men’s.
I don’t trust you.
I thought he was just toying with you and meant to ruin your reputation.
I feel this pinprick.
I, fight against you, Antony?
Claudio deserves to be honored, and Don Pedro has rewarded him accordingly.
She’s always talking when I want to sleep.
I’m not sleepy at all.
I find you quite gentle.
We’re off, Biondello.
I’m serving under him to take advantage of him.
These sweet thoughts relieve me and refresh me, especially when I’m slaving away busily.
I’ll let you get away with skipping the praise.
I found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress.
I found him here,  Beating?
I found Orlando under a tree, like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my room, and Iago just confessed that he put it there for his own purposes.
It was tossed into the window of my room.
I never saw Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
You were a cold crumb on dead Julius Caesar’s plate when I met you.
While I waited, I’d frown impatiently, and perhaps wind my watch, or play with my—with some expensive piece of jewelry I happen to be wearing.
I frown at him, but he still loves me.
I gave him no order.
I gave him the material.
I gave my lover a ring and made him swear never to lose it or give it away.
Yet I wish I could take that promise back, so I had it to give again.
I gave you everything— And it was about time too.
For you, I give myself away and I’m ecstatic about the exchange.
I curse him, but he loves me.
It’s yours.
With this ring I give them all to you.
I’m going to stand so I can see him pass on the way to the Capitol.
I’m going, I’m going.
I’m coming, my lord.
I’m off, my lord.
But don’t think I’m doing this because I’m greedy.
Around three or four o'clock, look for news from the meeting hall.
I’m going now.
I’m going.
I’m off.
Here I go.
I admit that he’s murderous, lecherous, greedy, lying, deceitful, violent, malicious, and guilty of every sin that has a name.
I admit I’m only a woman, but nevertheless I’m the woman Lord Brutus took for his wife.
I admit I’m only a woman, but I’m still a woman from a noble family—I’m Cato’s daughter.
I admit it doesn’t look that way to me, and the fact that you suspect me shows that you’re smart.
Well, my friends, you’ve got to admit that if you scare the living daylights out of the ladies, they’d have no choice but to execute us.
Yes, I’ll grant you that.
I accept your devotion with my deepest love.
I think I can guess what you’re about to say.
I had a round with him, and his sword thrust is so deadly that you can’t even duck out of the way.
You had a Clarence, too, and Richard killed him.
I had a son, whom I’ve legally disowned.
I had a scar here that looked like a “T”; now it’s an “H.” They’re retreating.
I’d rather be a heretic than a schemer with fancy plots.
I’d rather be wooed by a snail.
I’d rather carry a reed that obviously can’t protect me than a sword I cannot lift.
I’d prefer to keep my mistress rather than some lame horse.
I’d be just as happy if you broke his neck as his finger.
I would’ve been happy if the whole army had had sex with her, the lowest-ranking grunts and all, as long as I didn’t know anything about it.
Otherwise I would have been perfect, as solid as a piece of marble, as firm as a rock, as free as the air itself.
I forgot about the reward.
Yes, I forgot—three months.
I got it from him.
Leah gave it to me before we were married.
I desperately needed God’s blessing, but the word “Amen” stuck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet ring in my pocket, with the royal seal of Denmark on it.
I’d heard about my brother’s plan and have been subtly trying to change his mind, but he’s determined.
I’d rather be a weed in a hedge than a rose in my brother’s garden.
I would rather be a country serving maid than a great queen if it meant I could escape your scorn and constant harassment.
I’d rather be a dog and howl at the moon than be that kind of Roman.
I’d rather be a peddler.
I’d rather be a toad in a moldy basement than to have only a part of someone I love, sharing the rest of her with others.
I’d rather be anything besides a fool.
No, I’d rather be married to a skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of those men.
I’d rather break my own heart.
I’d rather have a jester to make me happy than experience to make me sad—and to travel for all that trouble, no less!
I’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas.
I’d rather have my horse than a mistress.
I’d rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than say anything bad about Michael Cassio.
I would rather listen to my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me.
I’d give forty pounds to be safe at home right now.
I’d rather adopt a child than have one of my own.—Come here, Moor.
I had planned to celebrate it quietly, but since my lord is once more himself, I will be Cleopatra again.
I hate no-good drunks.
I hate an ungrateful man more than I hate lying, vanity, babbling, drunkenness, or any other vice that we feeble human beings are susceptible to.— Oh, my God!
I hate your logic as much as I hate an empty drinking cup.
I hate the Moor, and there’s a widespread rumor that he’s slept with my wife.
I hate the word peace like I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I like it too.
I’ve worked it out.
I’m growing a beard.
I have a daughter (I have her until she gets married) who’s given me this letter, considering it her duty.
I have a daughter named Katherina, sir.
I have a daughter.
I’ve got a plan that will fix everything.
I have a list of all the important men.
I have a good eye, uncle.
I’m smart enough to find the logs myself without bothering Peter.
I want to drink your health.
I will have to go on a journey to death soon, sir.
It came from a neutral party, not from someone opposed to you.
I have half a mind to hit you before you speak again.
I have a  That’s from lack of sleep.
I have a pretty good ear for music.
I have a bad cold that’s bothering me.
I have a ship full of treasure.
My soul is made out of lead, and it’s so heavy it keeps me stuck on the ground so I can’t move.
I have a favor to ask.
I’ve got something for you.
I have an adventurous fairy who’ll go seek out the squirrel’s secret stash and get you some fresh nuts.
I have an aunt who is a widow, who’s very rich and doesn’t have any children.
I have a wife I love.
I’ve almost forgotten what fear feels like.
I’ve almost missed the time he requested.
I have already.
I really want to sleep now.
I’m in a mood to beat you up pretty good.
I’m involved in your rivalry.
I have as much of our father in me as you do, though I admit you’re closer to him and matter more because you’re older.
I’ve practiced Stoicism with as much devotion as you, but I still couldn’t bear this news like you do.
His letter’s going to be hilarious.
I was talking to a petitioner here just now, someone who’s suffering from your anger.
I’ve been looking all over for you.
Many people have told me so.
I’ve been up all night.
I just saw your father the Lord Gloucester and notified him that the Duke of Cornwall and his wife Regan will stay with him here tonight.
So you finally find me worthy of your attentions.
I’ve rented land from you and your father for eighty years.
I’ve told her father, and he’s given his permission.
I’ve brought him a present.
I brought you here from Venice.
I’ve only given the articles a cursory glance.
I told you not to hang around my house.
I tricked your own eyes.
I’ve done a bad thing, for which I will blame myself so much that I’ll never be happy again.
I’ve only done my duty.
I’ve botched the job, friends.
I haven’t done anything wrong.
I’ve done no more to Caesar than you will do to me.
I have done the deed.
That’s it—I’m done.
I’m finished, then.
I’ve already had a glass of wine tonight, watered down, but look how drunk I am.
His words are like poison to me.
I’ve always had great respect for your destiny.
I mean well, sir.
I’ve told cowards to turn their backs on me and run.
I have forgotten why I called you back.
I have forgotten your name, but you were well cast in the role and played it convincingly.
I’ve sworn I’ll never sleep with him or talk to him again.
I have a good reason to cry, but my heart will splinter into a hundred thousand pieces before I let myself cry.—Oh, Fool, I’ll go mad!
I feel a lot better after talking to this guy.
I have quarreled four times, and almost got in a fight.
I’ve heard her say that.
Thank God I’m not a woman and afflicted with all the giddiness that troubles that entire sex.
I’ve seen the whole thing, and it’s completely worthless—unless you think their bad acting and their misremembered lines—which they memorized so painfully—are funny.
I heard someone say that’s what it means.
Now I know better.
I’ve heard my father mention him.
I’ve heard of men who pick fights with other people on purpose, just to see how brave they are.
I’ve heard all about you women and your cosmetics too.
I heard that Julius Caesar got fat from all the feasting there.
Your words and actions don’t match up.
I’ve heard many of the noblest Romans—next to immortal Caesar—speaking of you, complaining of the tyranny of today’s government, and wishing that your eyes were working better.
They tell me you’ve done everything you can to talk him out of what he’s doing.
I long to be immortal.
I have it on me here.
I don’t have it with me.
I have it ready for you.
I’m done for.
Tranio, I think I’ve got it!
I knew him when he would’ve walked ten miles to see a well-crafted suit of armor; now he spends ten nights awake in his room designing himself a fancy new jacket.
I knew him when he listened to nothing but the military drum and fife; now he would rather hear the sweet and refined music of the tabor and pipe.
I put those wedding sheets on your bed, as you asked.
I have often led you, now you must carry me, my good friends—and take my thanks for everything.
I’ve got her now, but I’ve got God to thank for it!
I have lived long enough.
I’ve locked it up in my room.
I’ve been alive for twenty-eight years, and I’ve never met a man who knew what was good for him.
Whatever you want—I made it for you.
I haven’t done anything to you.
I’ve proved my trustworthiness by giving myself a voluntary wound here in my thigh.
If I didn’t have so many enemies in Orsino’s court, I’d go join you there.
And in her eyes I see a fire that would seem to burn away the lies the princes have told about her chastity.
I want to stay more than I want to go.
I have more reason to be distressed.
It’s all I can do to keep myself from hanging my head down in despair and singing it like poor Barbary.
I’ve decided on a plan that doesn’t require your assistance.
I don’t have the proud melancholy of a courtier or the ambitious melancholy of a soldier or the calculated melancholy of a lawyer.
I don’t feel any urge to see a more handsome man than this one.
I don’t have any “brilliant” reason for it, but I have a good enough reason.
I’ve got no food to give you.
I don’t really want to do this, but he’s given me good reasons.
Yes, I’m sure he’s dead.
I have no interest in getting mixed up with the devil.
I have no more royal sons for you to murder.
I have no power over you.
I don’t have anywhere to go, so I don’t need to see.
I have no desire to go outside, yet something leads me there.
I have nothing to say to you.
I don’t have a lord.
I didn’t survive a shipwreck so I could be scared of your four legs now.
I can’t put my feelings into verse, but please believe I love you best, oh, best of all.
It was just moments ago.
I haven’t eaten today.
The clock hasn’t struck yet.
I haven’t seen him for two days.
I’ve never seen such a monster.
I’ve noticed it myself.
I’ve got nothing to do with you.
I have no idea what you’re talking about, Hamlet.
I’ve said too much in telling you of it.
I’ve destroyed my reputation, a most shameful error.
I’ve felt neglected recently, but I decided that it was more likely that I was being hypersensitive than that they were intentionally unkind.
I have done your bidding and fulfilled my promise.
I’ve told you what I intend to do, and I’ve sworn by the holy Sabbath to seek the penalty that is due according to our contract.
I’ve told you I’m your friend, and I’ll stick by you.
I’ve promised to make everything right.
I’m wounded.
I mean what I say.
I’ve said what I have to say.
I said she was.
I’ve seen her claim to be dying twenty times before, and for far less reason.
I haven’t seen anything.
I’ve seen you fight and envied your skill.
I’ve seen both of you fence.
I’ve seen you bait and mock this man more than once.
I’ve sent for him.
I have sent for the strawberries.
I sent for Cassio to come talk with you.
I’ve sent twenty people to look for you.
I’ve already slept, my lord.
I’ve had to acknowledge that he’s my son so many times that now I can do it without embarrassment.
I’ve got some business to take care of.
If you pursue it, this strict court of Venice will need to carry out the sentence against the merchant there.
God knows I waited for you in anguish, pain, and agony when I gave birth to you.
I have it ready.
Tonight I received a letter from my sister telling me all about them—and warning me not be at home in case they come to stay at my house.
I answered that Lepidus had become too brutal and abused his position.
I told you before, and I’ll tell you again and again: I hate the Moor.
My heart’s too sad for long goodbyes.
I’ve stayed up with you for two nights now, and I haven’t seen any evidence of what you were talking about.
I have bankrupted three tailors.
I’ve been singing ever since you made your daughters into your mothers by giving them all your power.
I took good care of you—piece of filth that you are—and let you stay in my own hut until you tried to rape my daughter.
I’m not much of a drinker.
I’ve stayed up all night many times before for less important matters, and I’ve never gotten sick.
I know that, sir.
I know a thousand immature tricks like that, and I’ll use them all.
I’m forty-eight.
I still have room for six more wounds.
I do indeed, my lord.
Since I was three years old, I’ve been in contact with a powerful but virtuous magician—no black magic here.
I will have when you hear the rest of what I have to say.
I do.
I hear someone knocking at the south entry.
I hear a voice more piercing than the music of these trumpets calling “Caesar!” Speak.
I hear him mock Caesar’s luck, which the gods give to men in order to balance out their subsequent wrath.
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I’ve heard about this indirectly, but I will send for him.
I hear it now overhead.
I hear my father coming.
I don’t hear anything, madam.
I hear a noise inside.
I hear some noise.
There go the minstrels.
I heard the news, my lord.
Where’s that music coming from?
I hear their drums.
I hear that you must marry this count on Thursday, and that nothing can delay it.
I heard Octavius say that Brutus and Cassius have ridden like madmen through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear he did.
I didn’t hear it.
I heard myself declared an outlaw and escaped capture by hiding in the trunk of a hollow tree.
I didn’t hear anything.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
Just a minute ago I heard you say you didn’t like it when Cassio left my wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
With all my heart, I give you that thing which, if you didn’t already have it, I’d try with all my heart to keep from you.
There she is.
I hid under this monster’s cloak to get out of the storm.
I’m sorry, sir, but in this war I consider you a subordinate, not my equal.
Your delicacies aren’t worth as much to me as your welcome is.
I’m hoping for better.
I hope he’s in love.
I hope he’s grown a lot since I last saw him.
I hope he is, but mothers get to have their doubts.
I hope you think I’m faithful to you.
I hope you’re not drowned.
I hope she keeps it short.
I hope it works out for the best, Lepidus.
I hope so.
The king made peace among all of us.
I hope they don’t attack us now.
I’m hoping my holy mood will pass.
I hope this explanation will stand as my excuse.
I hope you haven’t lost your mind.
I hope we’ve corrected that fault pretty well in our company, sir.
I hope you’re not trying to cheat me.
I hope you remember that I said all this because I love you.
I hope your Majesty will, in all good conscience, bear me out and vouch for the fact that this is the glove of Alençon and that your Majesty gave it to me.
I hope for my brother’s sake that he just wrote it to test my honor.
I hope he’s not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like you can find him.
Oh, no, he’s surely not in hell.
I’m learning every hour how to be subservient.
Please, I’m asking you, go ahead and get back to your state affairs.
I beg your pardon for loving you too much.
I humbly say goodbye.
I humbly thank you.
Thank you kindly, sir.
Very well, thank you.
I thank you, lady.
Thank you.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and from the bottom of my heart I love the lovely boy.
I knew a girl who was married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
I knew that would be your answer.
I knew you’d turn out this way.
I had you figured for a piece of furniture.
I knew your father.
I know it.
I know a lady in Venice who’d walk all the way to Palestine for a kiss from him.
I know a terrific wench.
I can see in your eyes there’s been some good news.
Thank you.
I know he wouldn’t be a wolf if the Romans didn’t act like sheep.
She  I can guess her answer.
I know her by her walk.
I don’t know her, but I know her father and he knew mine well.
I don’t know him.
I know him to be valiant.
I know him well.
Gentlemen, gentlemen—   Gentlemen, don’t speak.
I know his eyes are worshiping some other woman, or why wouldn’t he be here?
I know the sound of his walk.—Die, villain!
I know how his mind works.
I know his soul’s in heaven, fool.
I recognize his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I won’t please you.
I know where she is and, if you don’t mind, I will set her before you tomorrow, whole and unharmed.
I can tell by how pale and deathlike they look.
I know it’s the moon.
I know it’s the sun that shines so bright.
It doesn’t make either of us happy, I know.
I know that, sir.
I know that my hour has come.
I know that my lady’s going to end up hitting him.
I know my medicine will work on him.
I know my rights.
I don’t know what to say.
I don’t have any news to report, my lord.
I have no idea how.
I don’t know any fancy ways of talking about love, only to say right out, “I love you.” If you press me any further than with the question, “Do you really?” my love scene is over.
I don’t know who had him arrested, but the man that arrested him was in a suit of leather.
But please, tell me the worst thing that could happen to me if I refuse to marry Demetrius.
I don’t know how to ask you for forgiveness, but I have to say something.
I’m not sure it’s true, but just the suspicion is enough for me.
I don’t know that, once he knows what I know.
I don’t know what else it could be.
I don’t know what to say.
I don’t know what you mean by that, but I’m sure Caesar fell down.
I don’t know where he’s staying, so if I told you he’s sleeping here or there, I’d be lying.
I can’t tell who’s who.
I don’t know why he’s come here.
Gentlemen, I don’t know what you intend to do, who else you intend to kill, who else you consider corrupt.
I don’t know, ma'am.
I don’t know, madam.
Menas, I don’t understand how minor quarrels can be superseded by greater ones.
I don’t know, sir.
I don’t know.
I don’t know his name.
I know the people of Venice well.
I know she is a hateful, brawling scold.
I know this quality in you, Brutus—it’s as familiar to me as your face.
I know that voice.
I know that he’ll be on our side.
I see that you are here, but I’d like you to go there and then come back again.
I know the boy will be a convincing gentlewoman, taking up her exact walk and talk and gentle gestures.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the king and queen sent for you.
I recognize the handwriting.
I know him.
I don’t even know you.
I know you.
You’re a hardworking villain who’d do anything his evil mistress wanted him to.
I know who you are.
I know you.
I know who you are.
I know they’re in Rome together, hoping for Antony to return.
I know the burden of hosting him is both an honor and a trouble, but that doesn’t mean it’s not a trouble just the same.
Well, I recognize this one  Good God!
I know you have no choice.
I know you’ll say “yes,” and I’ll believe you.
I know you’re the right person for this job.
I know your position.
You know why I think so?
I know how to tell when someone is alive or dead.
I know where I’ll wear this dagger, then.
I know you’re my oldest brother, and deserve more respect.
I know you’d never skip school.
I know you know something— Thanks for the compliment, I’m happy you know that.
I know she trusts you and tells you everything.
I can tell by the way you waggle your head.
You know I would never approve a war against my own cause.
I don’t know you.
I know you from before.
I know you for what you really are, but as your sister I’m reluctant to criticize you.
I know you.
I know that young men look forward to their rest.
I recognize your face perfectly, even without a sailor’s cap on your head.—Take him away.
Sir, I know I’m not a flatterer.
I don’t know,” he said, “any house, wife, or mistress.” My message, which was supposed to be delivered with my mouth, ended up being carried back home by my shoulders.
I recently shared a bed with Cassio, and I couldn’t sleep because of a raging toothache.
I learned it in England, where they have a talent for drinking.
I leave a slimy bastard with you, your Worship, for you to punish and make an example of.
I leave him to you.
I’m going to forget my duties to you a little bit and complain about the injuries you’ve caused me.
I led them on in this frightened, distracted state, and left sweet
I didn’t give her any ring.
I don’t like the way he’s acting, and it’s not safe for me to let his insanity get out of control.
I like him very well.
I don’t like it.
I don’t like that.
I like your new wig and headdress, though I’d like it more if the hair were a shade browner.
It’s pretty.
I like you guys.
I didn’t think you would follow me.
I wish we were safely on board our ship already.
I can’t wait to hear him call the drunkard “husband,” and to watch my men smother their laughter as they pay their respects to this simple peasant.
I’m dying to hear your life story, which must be a strange tale.
I need to hear the truth about all this.
I’m dying to see the prince.
But that’s just a fairy tale.
I saw her face as she walked with her brother and Mark Antony.
I wasn’t expecting you, and I’m not ready to receive you.
Now I want her more than ever.
Look, I don’t love you, so stop following me around.
I won’t be kind to you.
I love you all the more for not liking it.
I love to argue with him when he’s having one of these fits, because then he always has a lot to say.
That makes me love you even more.
I love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to protest with.
I love you as a child should love her father, neither more nor less.
I loved him, as much as any father ever loved his son.
I loved Ophelia.
I always loved you.
I didn’t love you.
No, I didn’t say that.
I use it all the time, since it’s all that I have.
I don’t make fortunes; I only see them.
Me, marry her?
I wonder why Cambio hasn’t shown up in all this time.
I’m surprised my bland husband didn’t meet me on the way here.
I’m amazed how similar you and your daughters are.
I’m surprised I didn’t bite back.
I’m surprised you enjoy the company of this stupid troublemaker.
But silence, like a knife, cuts open my heart With strokes that draw no blood.
I may command the one I love.” Well, she commands me.
I might do something I’ll be sorry for.
I won’t say anything negative about what he might be.
I can’t do this.
I can’t, ma'am.
I say “force” because Brutus would rather I stuck sharp blades and poisoned arrows in his ears than fill them with this.
I should sit in the corner and sing that song, “Heigh-Ho for a Husband!” Lady Beatrice, I’ll get you a husband.
I’m really a pitiful singer.
I don’t mean he’s
I just meant that our hearts are joined, so we can almost think of them as one heart.
We won’t take their garbage.
In a way, I mean.
I mean, with my head in your lap?
She’s the reason I’m here.
Excellent in fencing, I mean, sir.
I meant to say the Lord Protector.
I mean, what do the words say?
I mean please go into the house, sir.
I just meant that you should use some holy thistle.
I’m a surgeon to old shoes.
I met Venus as she was with her son on her way to her home on Paphos, in a carriage pulled by doves.
I met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him.
I met the young man at Lawrence’s cell.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
Maybe I should ask you what right you have to take me, but I’ll take you, Orlando, to be my husband.
I could imagine he’s divine, since I never saw anything so noble-looking on earth before.
It would be easier to do it in the dark.
I could have saved her.
I don’t understand why she’s not locked up.
I must and will have Katherine for my wife.
Your love will use it to climb up to your window while it’s dark.
I’d do it myself, but I can’t leave my post.
I must go attend Caesar.
I must join the duke for lunch.
I should really leave right away.
I have to make do.
How is Hamlet?
I must be gone.
I have to go.
I can’t talk now.
I should be ridiculed if I were offended so easily—and laughed at even more for speaking of you disrespectfully, when I had no reason to speak of you at all.
I must be one of these silent so-called wise men Gratiano’s talking about, because he never lets me get a word in.
There’s no need to be, really, for—  You’re my teacher, so I must believe you.
I’ll have to ask you some questions, madam.
I must admit your offer is the best.
I’m leaving your court now.
I have to eat my dinner now.
Let me embrace you.
I want you to do some things for our wedding, and I also want to discuss something that concerns you both.
I need to get Othello’s things from the ship.
I must go in.
Now I have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower.
Let me go with you to Belmont.
Like the wind, I must have the freedom to blast anyone I please, as fools do.
Everything’s out of control.
I must leave them and seek some better employment.
Now I must return to the wedding.
I look forward to getting to know you better.
I have to follow him and give him the letter.
I must go report what happened.
I have to tell you everything.
I can’t say no.
I have to obey.
I’ll have to tell the story again every month, since you seem to forget it.
Either I had to ruin you, or you would have ruined me.
I have no choice.
I have thousands of logs to take away and pile up, on strict orders from him.
I have to stay with the servants, who are with our camp’s luggage.
You want me to copy the embroidery pattern?
I need to speak a word with you.
I must tell you then.
I should go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I’m getting really hairy around the face.
I have to leave right away.
Actually, I should.
I could do it myself.
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed.
I did it myself.
I never saw him like this before.
I needn’t be ashamed of your Majesty, God be praised, so long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I don’t know, and he won’t tell me.
Just looking at him gives me heartburn.
I got it from you—I never said I didn’t.
I never caused her any harm, as far as I know.
I’ve never seen the waters so disturbed.
I never felt it until now—two thousand ducats in that diamond, and other precious, precious jewels!
I never offended him at all.
I never gave him reason to be jealous.
I never gave him any token of romantic love.
The duke’s trumpets.
I’ve never been your enemy.
I’ve never heard such confused emotions as what that Jew dog was shouting in the streets.
I’d never heard such raucous music, such pleasant thunder.
I never hurt you.
I never knew a woman who loved a man so much.
I didn’t expect any better from him once he got involved with Mistress Shore.
I’ll never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales.
I never saw a better-designed gown, more elegant and pleasing and well made.
I never saw a woman except her and Sycorax, my mother.
I never saw such a shameful act.
I never saw her till now.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the necklace, so help me heaven!
I never saw you before in my life.
I can’t stand her.
I never talked with her in my life.
I never tried to win over a friend or enemy with sweet words.
I never thought any less of him.
I was never disloyal, and I never will be.
I have no doubt he got ashore alive.
I saw her, but I didn’t notice her.
Now I realize your brother tried to kill your father not just because your brother is an evil man, but because your father deserved it by being wicked himself.
And I regret having bragged to the messenger about how my enemies were being butchered at Pomfret while I, as I said, was in good standing with Richard.
I nursed her daughter, whom you were just talking to.
I’ve often given money to people who were unable to pay back their loans to him.
I went to many places where I heard news about her, but I couldn’t find her.
I lent my body once to make him rich.
I’ll say goodbye once more.
I once wrote a sonnet in his praise which began, “Wonder of nature—” I have heard a sonnet to one’s mistress that began like that.
I am one, my lord.
I just speak directly.
I overheard him and his plans.
I’m telling you this story for a reason.
I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace.
I wish I could live longer.
I pardon that man.
I almost feel you.
I’m sure I can guess.
I know the man a bit.
In fact, the real nightmare had only just begun.
I will pause for a reply.
These lords seem so astonished that they’ve lost their use of reason and can hardly believe what they see with their own eyes.—But whatever the reason for your losing your senses, you can know for sure that I’m Prospero, that same duke who was kicked out of Milan and landed on this same island where you landed, and became the lord of it.
I wonder if you’d be so good, you lousy, rotten villain, to grant my wish and my request and gratify me, see, by eating this leek.
I pitied you, worked hard to teach you to speak, and taught you some new thing practically every hour.
I pity your situation.
I feel sorry for you.
I pray to God he isn’t.
Please stay below deck, sir.
I hope with all my heart she will!
Please tell me seriously what you think of her.
Be good enough to take back the same answer I gave before.
Stop advising me; your words pass through my ears like water through a sieve.
Please, I beg you, don’t scold me.
Please, don’t make fun of me.
Please, get some excellent music, because tomorrow we want to serenade Lady Hero at her bedroom window.
Please, give it to me.
Please, Horatio, go with him.
I’m begging you, good Mercutio, let’s call it a day.
I’m going to get my  Please, listen to me.
Please be quiet.
Please, if you can do it without taking advantage of the young man, buy the cottage, pasture, and flock for us, and we’ll pay you for it.
Let’s go find him and cheer him up.
Please listen to me carefully.
Please, educate me.
But tell me.
Please, leave me alone.
Please, Rosalind, my sweet cousin—be happy.
Come on, please sing.
Then please tell me he’s all right.
I ask you, if you’ve kept this a secret, keep doing so.
Please, all of you, stand up.
I will lower my voice.
Please, just walk with me a little ways, and tell me if I’ll see you later tonight.
Please invite them in.
Please do.
Now please leave me alone.
Please don’t ruin any more of my poems by reading them so badly.
Please don’t ruin any more trees by carving love poems on their barks.
Please take them.
Please go find out for certain who has arrived.
I hope you’ll be a good father to me now.
Please, tell Benedick about her feelings and see what he has to say.
Please, tell me your cure.
Tell me.
Please tell your brother what a convincing show I put on.
Watch over Signior Leonato’s house; with the wedding being held there tomorrow, there’s a great to-do there tonight.
Choose another tack.
Please, give my regards to your mother, Mrs. Peapod, and your father, Mr. Peapod.
Please make him change his mind.
Don’t leave me in the lurch.
Please, father, since you’re weak, act like it.
Please let me go.
Please remember, love.
Please come with me.
Please let me know your plan, Bassanio.
I suggest you lay low until his rage cools a little.
Please let her speak.
Please, dear, calm down.
Has my master returned yet?
Please, sir; crack jokes over lunch.
Please, keep it to yourself.
I hope you’ll recognize me when we meet again.
Please, leave me alone.
Please, leave it here.
Please, let me review the contract.
Let me see it.
But I beg you, don’t interpret my suspicions as slander against you.
Keep an eye on her.
Please, master, tell me.
Please, one of you go ask that man over there if we can buy some food off him.
I’ll drink it if I like.
Come on, give me your best shot.
Please, don’t forget to leave me a tip.
Please rise, Queen.
Please, pay him immediately.
Please, sir, hurry up.
Please, sir, restrain yourself.
Some  Now listen, either give me my ring or give me the necklace.
Calm down, sir, please.
But who is this person, sir?
Sirs, I ask you to sleep in my tent.
Please, don’t speak to him.
Please, tell us.
Please, tell my father, madam, I won’t marry yet.
In that case, I ask that for the sake of friendship and alliance you let that one item stand with the rest, and bestow your daughter on me.
Please lock the door and keep quiet.
Uncle, please give me your dagger.
Please tell me, who is this man?
Tell me, what does he think of our situation?
Please, will you take his arm?
Please.
Excuse me, sir, do you know how to read?
Sir, is it possible that a person could fall in love so suddenly?
Please don’t cry.
Can I have some?
Do tell.
Please just name a time, but don’t wait more than three days.
Show us the way without further delay.—Trinculo, since the king and all our comrades are drowned, we’re the heirs of this place.—Here, carry my wine bottle.—Trinculo, my buddy, we’ll get that bottle refilled soon enough.
Now please stop being so strange and tell me what exactly I should blab to my lady.
Please tell me what you’re thinking—even your worst suspicions.
I’m begging you, take the cork out of your mouth so I can drink the news.
Please—and I’ll pay you plenty for this—help me conceal my identity, and find me the right disguise so I can look the way I want.
Please, hurry.
Boy, I beg you to run to the senate house.
Please call him and tell him to come back here.
Please, do so.
Please, fool, go away.
So tell me, Grumio, how goes the world?
You’re too bitter.
Have your wife attend to her, and bring them along as soon as you can.
Please be quiet.
Pretty York, who told you about his teeth?
Please, pretty young man, I’d like to get to know you better.
Please take them off.
Please, tell me some of them.
I beg you, remember the good work I’ve done for you, and how I’ve never lied to you, never made mistakes, and never grumbled in my work.
Please sir, if love or money can buy anything in this empty place, tell us where we can rest and feed ourselves.
I beg you, Strato, stay by me.
I’m begging you, tell me who it is quickly, and speak fast.
I beg you, turn away and cry for her.
Oh please, go somewhere else to blab your nonsense.
Okay, who does it trot for?
Please, who?
I’m telling you, I hardly know myself.
I swear to you, many members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before.
I tell you, I feel very jolly remembering such a beautiful dream.
I swear, I love you.
I swear, anyone smart who laughs at these courts jesters is nothing but a jester’s apprentice.
I swear to you— You have a good heart, and believe me, I’ll tell her that.
I believe it completely.
I put it in the pocket of my nightgown.
I would rather wrong the dead, and wrong myself and you, than wrong such honorable men.
I’d rather give myself up to the hatred of a violent brother who refuses to recognize that we are brothers.
I spoke with a Frenchman yesterday who said that a Venetian ship loaded with treasure was wrecked in the English Channel.
I remember a jumble of impressions, but nothing distinctly.
I remember him well, and my memory tells me that he deserves your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar ever put it on.
I remember the plan.
I remember your eyes quite well.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword on a stone, and told him to take that for coming at night to see Jane Smile.
I remember you took the throne from your brother Prospero.
Yes, I remember.
I remember.
I’m very sorry I was so hard on him.
I’m indebted to you.
I’ve transferred Richard’s body to a new grave and on it poured more tears of remorse than it has shed drops of blood.
I pulled it from his wound.
I said so, dear Katherine, and I’m not ashamed to repeat it.
I said you had a fine wit.
I saw it in the orchard.
I never saw it or suspected it, so it never hurt me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio say goodbye.
I saw her buried in her family’s tomb, and then I came here to tell you the news.
I didn’t see him.
I saw him once.
The other day I saw him defeated in a
I just saw him yesterday,” or “the other day,” or whenever it is, you know, “and there he was gambling,” or “there he was, totally wasted, or fighting with somebody about a tennis match, or going into a house of ill repute”—that means a whorehouse, you know—or whatever.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown—though it wasn’t a real crown, just a small circlet—and, as I told you, he refused it once—though in my opinion he would’ve liked to have it.
I didn’t see anybody use you for kicks.
I saw Othello’s true face when I saw his mind.
You know, I saw the Duchess of Milan’s gown, the one that everyone praises so highly.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you at Count Orsino’s recently.
I know him well.
Amen to that.
I said “your husband.”—Do you understand that word?
I say a devil.
I mean a husband.
I repeat, spread the rumor that Anne, my wife, is sick and likely to die.
But I say amen to everything she said.
Amen to that, Gonzalo.
Good day to you, Captain Fluellen.
I say he shall go to prison.
I say that I love you more than he does.
I tell you, I’ll either make him eat some part of this leek or give him a four-day head-bashing.—Go on, bite.
I say it’s the moon that shines so bright.
I say it’s the moon.
Your  I mean my daughter is my flesh and blood.
I say my prayers out loud.
The point is that she didn’t write this letter.
I say she shall.—And first begin with her.
You have ruined my innocent child.
I’m telling you, your husband.
I’m telling you, this house is dark.
I tell you I requested that your master cut out the gown, but I didn’t ask him to cut it all to pieces.
I say you’re not.
I’m telling you, just watch his face.
I was telling you he used witchcraft to take this island.
I’m telling you, it’s not lost.
Caesar, I’m telling you that Antony is dead.
Go ahead.
There’s no darkness except ignorance, and you’re more ignorant than the Egyptians during the plague of fog.
I tell you, this house is as dark as ignorance.
I hereby declare we will have no more marriage.
I’m not insulting you.
I see a voice!
I see a woman may be made a fool of if she doesn’t have nerve enough to stand up for herself.
I see him revive himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you are poor.
I know exactly how to proceed.
Even the best jewel can be tarnished.
I see the downfall of my family.
It looks like these witches are scared of swords.
You seem a little depressed about this.
I can tell that you don’t know who I am.
Your old age and the prospect of death are making you imagine things.
Either my eyes deceive me, or I see two husbands.
I see you’re all determined to gang up on me for a few laughs.
I see you don’t intend to part with her—or perhaps you don’t like my company.
I can see you don’t like this gentleman.
I see you’re all eaten up with emotion.
I see you like to make big offers, sir.
I see you’ve met with the jeweler.
I sent for you about a sad occasion.
I sent Dromio to you with money for bail, but I don’t think he brought it to you.
My employer is as good as yours.
I serve the king, who sent me here.
I’m at your service, madam.
I sent him there, sir, but his crimes deserved a worse punishment.
I shook you and shouted at you, sir.
I represent her.
I can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with Portia’s African servant.
I’ll meet you at your tent.
So I’ll be forced to call you a jerk, Sir Andrew.
I’d be very grateful to you if you did.
He’ll kill me with tortures.
He and I will make up.
My husband will save me.
I’ll meet you at the ferry.
I’ll tell the Queen the reason for our quick departure and get her permission to leave.
I’ll deliver the message.
I’d like to get to know you better, Mr. Cobweb.
I’ll think of something.
I will.
I won’t wrong any of my friends, because I don’t have any to mourn for me, and I won’t have wronged the world, because I don’t have anything in the world.
I’ll do well.
Consider it done, my lord.
I will advise him to speak as he usually does.
I shall faint.
I will find the time to cry for you, Cassius, I’ll find the time.
You’re going to make me jealous, Launcelot, if you keep taking my wife into dark corners like this!
I’ll have glory in this losing day—more than Octavius and Mark Antony will gain by their foul conquest.
I’m going to laugh myself to death over this silly monster.
I’ll miss you, Ariel, but you’ll be free.—Yes, you will, yes.—Go to the king’s ship in your invisible state.
I’ll never see my gold again.
I’ll never see the likes of him again.
I can’t sleep quietly in the Tower.
I’ll do anything you ask.
Yes, I’ll go.
I’ll do as you say, father.
Now I’ll offend you whether I give it to you or not.
I’ll remember.
I’ll be off before you are.
I swear, before I die I’m going to see you sick with love.
I’ll always be loyal to you, sir.
I’ll join you, sir.
I’ll keep your words of wisdom close to my heart.
With the handicap they’ve given me, I think I’ll win.
I shall, King Harry.
I will, sir.
Yes, my lord.
I’ll do that.
I got him to leave, and made up an excuse for your trance.
I’d be angry with you if the occasion allowed.
I should always be wise.
I would die of pity to see someone else in my condition.
I should backtrack and begin with how my master, Don John, arranged for the Prince, Claudio, and himself to witness this friendly encounter from the orchard.
I would’ve been a sore king then.
I should have reprimanded you then for not bringing it, but you started fighting with me first.
I would’ve given it to you this morning, but a madman’s letters aren’t Gospel, so it doesn’t matter much if I’m a bit late.
I should have known it.
I almost recognize that voice.
If I were, I wouldn’t need to ask you what happened.
I shouldn’t make you do more than you’re able.
It would be wrong for me to think poorly of my grandmother.
I’d risk my soul for that.
I slept well, ate well, and was happy.
I’m just stating the facts as I see them.
But if I really laid him bare, I’d have to weep and hang my head, and you would not believe me, his behavior is so shocking.
I’m speaking purely in analogies and comparisons.
I know what I’m talking about.
I’ve said nothing wrong.
I don’t completely distrust you.
I’m not a doddering old fool who brags about the things he did when he was young, and what he would do now if he weren’t so old.
You should know that I think you’re a smart man.
I am not here to disprove what Brutus has said, but to say what  I think there’s a lot of sense in what he says.
I’m not talking about proof yet.
I speak to you as a plain soldier.
Oh, I’m talking too loud.—Where’s Malvolio?
I asked a servant.
I spoke with some of the sailors who survived the wreck.
I’ve been dishonored: I arranged for a friend of mine to marry a common whore.
I await justice.
I stand here with the law on my side.
I’m in a rush.
I’m sticking to the contract.
We’re wasting time here.
I’ve been here too long.
I stretch my joke for that word “fat.” If you add that word to the word “goose,” it shows that you are a fat goose.
I hit hard when I’m angry.
When I could see, I didn’t always see clearly.
It is better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a little.
I’ll give my life for you, just to prove this guy wrong when he says I don’t love you.
I swear I’ll smack you if you hit me again.
I swear to you by Rosalind’s own pretty hand that I am that unfortunate man.
I swear— By nothing, because this is no oath.
I think it’s later than that, sir.
I don’t like it that you knew about this, Iago.
You need to leave to take care of your own business.
I’m leaving now.
I’ll say good-bye now.
I’m not interested in anything a eunuch can do.
I like singing.
I like to pretend you are, because then it’s almost like actually talking to her.
Pay me three times the amount of the loan and let the Christian go.
I wasn’t talking to any man at that time, my lord.
Nature, I don’t accuse your weather of unkindness.
I told him we’ll stay for at least a month, and he says that he hopes we’ll stay longer.
I’m telling the truth.
I’m telling you, you jerk priest, my sister will be an angel in heaven while you’re howling in hell.
I’ll tell you this, Constable, my mistress has his own hair.
I tell you, I’m as sane as any man in Illyria.
I tell you, you’ve ruined her gown.
And I’m telling you it was burnt and dried out.
Let me come clean.
I tell you, man, it’s better for me, too, than the last time we met here.
It’s not okay!
I’m telling you the truth.
I’ll tell you what to do.
I tell you, though, it’s incredible how much she loves me.
I tell you, this will make her angry when she hears about it.
I tell you, Captain, if you look at a map of the world, I’ll bet you will find, comparing Macedon and Monmouth, that the situations, see, are very similar.
Let me tell you, the man who marries her will become very wealthy.
Thank God, thank God!
Lord Hastings, you and he are close.
I thank my heart—the poor fool—for it keeps away from seriousness.
I’m glad about that.
Thank you, my noble lord.
Oh, I thank my lucky stars, I’m so happy.
I thank you for that quip, good Tranio.
Thank you for that joke.
Thank you for all your efforts.
Thank you, Ariel.
I thank you, Sir John, with all my heart.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
I thank you all.
Thank you.
Thanks for your company but, really, I would have preferred being alone.
I thank you all for your trouble and courtesy.
Thanks for your trouble.
I thank you very much on his behalf.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you for asking, uncle.
I’ll give  Thank you, darling.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, brave Cassio.
Thank you, and God bless you for your hospitality.
Thank you.
Thanks for telling me.
God be good to you!
I think I’ve found one already, thanks to you, my lord.
No thank you, my lord.
Therefore I say again that he must have used some powerful drug or magic potion on her.
I believe your Honor is thinking of a character called Soto.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he really is angry.
I think he must have turned into an animal, because I can’t find him anywhere looking like a man.
I think he got his jacket in Italy, his tights in France, his hat in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he’s got the money.
I think he only loves life because of Bassanio.
I think he’s nervous—he’s about to become the savage bull who got domesticated.
I think he told me Paris was about to marry Juliet.
I think he’ll carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son like an apple.
I think he will stand strong with us.
I don’t think he wants to be anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul’s in hell, my lady.
I think I can find him.
I think I did, sir.
But if
I think I hear them.
I think it was a year ago that I told you how much Margaret, Hero’s servant woman, likes me.
I think it is, sir.
I think so.
I think so.
Early in the morning I’ll go visit Desdemona and plead my case.
I think that Macedon is indeed where Alexander was born.
I don’t think it would be wise to let Mark Antony, whom Caesar is so fond of, outlive Caesar.
I think it’s my bad eyesight that’s making me see this horrible vision.
I think they do.
A little before twelve, I think.
I think you came to see my mother’s wedding instead.
I think you’re right, sir.
I respect the soul very much, so I disagree with his belief.
I don’t think about them now.
I don’t think so, my lord.
I think of as many things as he does, but I just thank heaven and don’t show off about it.
I do think Scotland is sinking under Macbeth’s oppression.
I think that our father will leave here tonight.
I don’t think a team of oxen could get them close enough to fight.
I think she’ll be a better soldier.
I think so too.
You’re right, Charmian.
I think one of them is nearby and can’t get away.
I think you’re trustworthy one minute and then not the next.
I think the best sign of intelligence will soon be silence, and talking will only be a good thing for parrots to do.
I don’t think he wants to be disturbed.
I think the marriage was made more for political reasons than for love.
I think all tendencies to jealousy were burned out of him by the sun of his native land.
You’d think everyone was asleep.
But things have changed there, and it’s easier for them on the road now.
I don’t think there’s a man under the sun who’s worse at hiding his love or hate than Richard.
I think a story like that would win my own daughter over.
I think you’re an ass.
No, master, I’ve been changed in both mind and body.
I think you are.
I’m afraid we’re intruding too boldly on your sleep time.
I think we know whose fancy handwriting that was.
The English have promised me thousands of troops.
I think you’re all either bewildered or stark raving mad.
Apparently you think there’s nothing unusual about a bloody head.
From this, I conclude that many different elements can work toward one common end—just as many arrows, shot from different points, converge on a single target; just as many roads meet in a single town; just as many fresh streams empty into only one salt sea; just as the many radiuses of a
I thought it was the right thing to do.
I’ll kill myself out of grief!
I thought everything out here was wild, which is why I acted so stern and commanding.
I thought the king preferred the Duke of Albany to the Duke of Cornwall.
I thought you were resolved to do this.
I thought your heart had been wounded by a lion’s claws.
Out in the world, I’m like a drop of water, trying to find a drop that matches in the whole wide ocean.
I told him that your father was in Venice, and that you expected him to arrive in Padua today.
I told him what I thought.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were totally drunk, so puffed up with courage that they were getting angry at the air for blowing in their faces, and beating the ground for touching their feet—yet even when drunk, they kept their plan firmly in mind.
Yes, I found him when he was asleep—so that’s taken care of too—and the Athenian woman was sleeping near him.
I didn’t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me.
I didn’t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me.” That’s like saying, “Any thing I do for you is as easy as saying ‘thank you.’” If this doesn’t move me to take pity on her, I’m a horrible person.
I ask too much of you, but you’re always willing.
I can tell you’re furious, but I don’t understand what you’re saying.
What’s more, people at the
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
I don’t know what you mean, madam.
I don’t know what you’re talking about.
By risking the second arrow, I’d often get both of them back.
I asked you again, and you scratched your head and stamped your foot impatiently.
I want more uncles here to welcome me.
Her
I’m sure it is to knight you, Captain.
I bet it will.
I think someone’s coming from Venice.
I promise I will.
I bet you’re a happy fellow who doesn’t care about anything.
I assure you it is, madam.
I will, my lord.
I assure you, sir, the tender love I feel in my heart is stronger than the sexual passions stirring down below.
I tell you, you would find the rituals of war and, I promise you, its ceremonies and its solicitudes and its forms and its gravity and its discipline all to be quite counter to all this noise.
Of course I will.
I will, sir.
I was an idiot to take it!
When I said that, I told you the truth.
I was about to swear that I loved you.
Someone adored me once, too.
I’ve always been straightforward with you, so now I’m telling you what I think.
I was born as free as Caesar.
I was born to speak cleverly, not seriously.
I was engaged to both of them.
I had to send it to him.
I was ordered not to.
He struck me from under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until this instant.
I wasn’t born to die on your sword.
Until recently, I was as unimportant to his affairs as the morning dew is to the wide ocean.
She provoked me with her lying mouth, accusing me of crimes I didn’t commit.
I was sure that you hadn’t given it to me.
I used to be the man in the moon a long time ago.
Then I guess I was misled.
I was talking to some Venetians down by the shore, and the fool showed up.
I was told that by one who knows him better than you.
I was too young at the time to appreciate her value, but now I know her.
I was with the heroes Hercules and Cadmus once, when their Spartan hunting dogs cornered a bear.
I was.
I wear it with pride, for I am Welsh you know, good countryman.
I wouldn’t think much of it even if it were heavier.
I’ll give it back to you.
I will.
I’ll ask him for my position back again, and he’ll tell me I’m a drunk.
I’ll disguise myself as you and pour out “my” feelings to Hero, taking her prisoner with the force of my love story.
I’ll bandy you about and overwhelm you with my cleverness.
I will be angry.
I’ll be bitter toward him, and curt.
I will be brief because I’m not going to live long enough to tell a boring story.
I’ll be obedient and do all my tasks without complaining.
I won’t listen to your pleas or excuses.
I’ll read it to you.
I intend to be flesh and blood, not airy philosophy, for there has never yet been a philosopher who could endure a toothache patiently, even though they all write as if they had risen above human suffering and misfortune.
I’ll get free of you.
I’ll go, sir, and I won’t bother you.
I bet my life on it.
I bet my life some evil busybody, some meddling, lying jerk made up this rumor to get some position.
I’m determined to be heard by someone.
I’ll be back quicker than you can think a thought.
I’ll be gentle and mild.
I’ll be more jealous of you than a wild rooster over his hen; more noisy than a parrot chattering about the rain; more fond of new things than an ape; more giddy about getting what I want than a monkey.
I’ll be nearby to help you, and between the two of us we can handle him.
I’ll be vain and proud, I’ll read up on politics, I’ll insult Sir Toby, I’ll get rid of my lower-class friends, and I’ll be the perfect man for her.
I demand to be satisfied.
For her I’ll be strange and condescending, and I’ll put on my yellow stockings and crisscross laces right away.
I’ll fight brutally.
Then we can all three be comrades on our way to France.
I’ll take you to a place where you can speak freely.
I’ll bite my thumb at them.
I’ll bite you on the ear for that joke.
I’ll bring you there.
I’ll just speak a word or two here in the house and then I’ll go with you.
I’ll make you sing.
I’ll challenge him.
I’ll chop her into pieces.
I’ll come back.
I will settle this matter.
I’ll moan very believably.—Name the other actors.—But I’m really in the mood to play a tyrant.
I will confess it to all the world.
I’ll confess to you that I love him.
I’ll tell them where you come from, though I don’t know who you are or what you want.
I’ll poison you, or beat you with a club, or stab you with a sword.
I’ll debate this with you later, and then I’ll teach you to listen more carefully.
I will either get you out, lying if I have to, or stay in prison in your place.
I won’t deny you anything!
And even though I’m in a distasteful mood, I’ll work on being happy.
I’ll reward you for your troubles.
Meanwhile, I’d be gratified if you’d live and eat your food.
I’ll die  You’re of royal blood, and we obey you.
I will die and leave Death everything.
I’ll play the part wearing either a straw-colored beard, or a sandy beard, or a red beard, or one of those bright yellow beards that’s the color of a French coin.
I’ll pay you.
I’ll do it right away.
I won’t speak to her.
Drowned?
I’ll do any decent thing, my lord, to help my cousin get a good husband.
I’ll do anything rather than marry a drunk, Nerissa.
I’ll do everything she wants me to do.
I’ll do so.
I will do so.
I’ll do it, if you help me out.
I’ll hire you again to go back to Rome.
I’ll expect you.
I’ll fall at his feet and lie there until my pleading and crying convinces the duke to come here and force my husband to leave this abbey.
I’ll fetch him.
I’ll get your goats, Audrey.
But I’ll get you a candle and paper and ink.
I’ll follow after you.
I’ll follow.
I’ll say you’re not feeling well.
I want to forget what I am.
I’ll frown at them as they pass by, and they can react however they want.
I’ll help out, if only because he speaks the same language as me.
I’ll write out a detailed inventory of my beauty and label every part.
I’ll give you mine.
I’ll reward treason with blows, I promise you.
I’ll call you a minstrel.
I’ll come with you.
I’ll go ahead of you, sir.
I’ll go call the watch.
I will go lose myself, wandering up and down throughout the city.
I’ll go to the Antipodes for any little errand you can think of.
I’ll go look for him—Cassio, stay around here.
I’ll go tell the king about this.
I’ll go with you.
I will have it all mine.
I want my bond.
I’ll get my revenge before I leave this house.
I won’t have any of this.
I don’t want anything but that.
No, you monstrous hags, I’ll get revenge on you both that will make the whole world… I will do such things—I don’t know what I’ll do exactly, but it’ll be devastating.
I’ll listen to Brutus.
I’ll listen to Cassius, and we will compare their reasons.
I want to hear more about this.
I’ll watch this play.
I’ll help you.
I will leave here for Verona tonight.
I’ll be back soon, and if I haven’t brought you anything to eat, I will give you permission to die.
I’ll just stay here till the storm passes.
I’ll hide in the arbor.
I’m going to make sure I stay on your good side, lady.
I’m going to go drown myself.
Well, I won’t take it any longer.
I will, in other words, kill you in three hundred and fifty ways.
I will kiss your lips.
I’ll kiss your hand, and with that I leave you.
And when you want to go to sleep, I’ll be up laughing like a hyena.
I put my trust in you.
I’ll leave him alone.
I’ll leave you now to chatter and gossip like an old woman.
I will live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes—and, what’s more, I will go with you to your uncle’s.
I’ll look into it further.
I’ll look for him and secretly help him.
I’ll lock up the doors, grab some more ducats, and be with you right away.
I’m going to tell Desdemona my feelings.
I’ll try to calm him down for you if I can.
Meanwhile, I’ll think of some horrible way to phrase the challenge.
I will not be faced or bested.
I’ll have none of your money.
I don’t want her.
I won’t be gone long.
I can’t promise that love won’t transform me, but I can promise you this: until I truly fall in love, a woman will never make me act like such a fool.
I won’t move to please anybody.
I will not trade my horse for any that walks on four legs.
So I won’t choose what many men desire, because I won’t jump on the bandwagon and include myself with the whole crude population.
I’m not coming.
I don’t wish that on you.
I won’t betray them.
I won’t trouble you so much as to wake you.
I will not do them wrong.
Don’t worry, I’ll be there.
I won’t fail.
I wouldn’t have missed this even for a pension of thousands of pounds, to be paid by the shah of Persia.
We won’t go today—or any day until it’s clear that it shall be whatever time I say it is.
I’ll have nothing to do with you.
I won’t listen to you.
I won’t keep you very long.
I won’t hurt him.
I won’t leave him alone until he gives Cassio his job back.—How are you, my lord?
I’m not going to be bothered by you for long.
I will not rise until your Highness hears me.
I’d say the same thing, but I’m afraid I’d be faced out of my way.
I knew there would be a masquerade when I got that bad omen of a bloody nose last Easter Monday, at six in the morning, four years after I got the same kind of bloody nose on Ash Wednesday, in the afternoon.
I’d be ashamed to give you this.
I won’t sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I won’t sleep until I’ve delivered your letter, my lord.
Listen!
I won’t stay behind.
I wouldn’t want to stay here and make you angry.
I wouldn’t stay here tonight for the entire town.
I’m not going to eat dinner tonight.
I can’t even be sure these are my hands.
I don’t want to take another man’s second-hand goods.
I won’t consider it.
I won’t until I’m ready.
I won’t bother you.
I won’t trouble you yet with questions about your situation.—Some music, please, and, good friend, sing.
I won’t.
I’ll take a look at your letter.
I will catch up with you, Cleopatra, and weep for your forgiveness.
I won’t miss any chance to send my love to you.
I’ll go on with my speech praising you, and then I’ll get to the point.
I’ll ask only Benedick to come with me, for from the top of his head to the soles of his feet he’s a joker.
I’ll get you for that.
I’ll cure you of your insolence, and I’m not going to give you a thousand crowns, either!—Hey, Dennis!
I’ll do what I can to make you even more comfortable.
I’ll torment them all till they roar with pain.
I’ll have you two hide—and the fool too—right where he’ll find the letter.
I’ll die like a swan.
I’ll give you the title to that ship and its treasure.
I’ll flatter anyone who flatters me—though what I’ve accomplished on land cannot be denied.
I’ll read you a sermon.
I’ll go now to find out the date of the wedding.
I will proclaim my name around the field.
No, I’ll prove it with airtight evidence and logical argument.
I’ll read it.—It looks so unlike Portia!
I’ll return the favor.
I’ll let you know my answer shortly.
I’ll go back inside and ask the lady for some kind of escort.
I’ll reward you once for your cheerfulness and ten times for your courage.
I’ll run, devil.
Tell me to run, and I’ll run.
I’ll answer for you.
I won’t say a word.
I’ll tell her.
I will see them.
I’ll find him right away, sir, and carry out the business as well as I can.
I’ll look for some way to leave his service.
I’ll get him to come here, and you can ask him yourself.
I’ll write down what she says, so I’ll remember it better.
I’ll be a harsh master to them.
I’ll give you such reasons for killing him that you’ll feel obliged to snuff him out.
I will.
I’ll speak as sharp as a dagger to her, but I won’t use one on her.
Think about it.
How literal this guy is!
I’ll stand, and so will Trinculo.
I’ll stop your mouth with a kiss.
I’ll look over the inscriptions again.
Let’s discuss it some more.
I’ll tell you everything exactly as it happened.
Or at least I can describe the rumors.
I’ll tell you.
I’ll take the banner from a trumpeter and use that.
Then I’ll really give it to you.
Tonight I’ll throw through his window a few letters in different handwriting—as if they came from several citizens—all testifying to the great respect Romans have for Brutus, and all alluding to Caesar’s unseemly ambition.
Leave now.
I’m off to Venice.
Tomorrow, while it’s still early, I will go see the witches.
I’m off to Venice to buy outfits for the wedding.
I will say as much to his face.
I’ll wait over here.
I’ll walk up and down and sing a song, so they’ll know I’m not afraid.
I’ll stand guard with you tonight.
I won’t exhaust you anymore with idle chitchat.
I’ll cry at nothing, and I’ll always do it when you’re in a good mood.
This treachery of yours is like the second
I’m going to cry.
I’m going inside to think up some way to kill that beautiful devil.
I will.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will my lord, as fast as I can.
I will.
Excuse me.
I will, sir.
I will, my lord.
I’ll stay, my lord.
I will, sir.
I do.
I will.
Certainly, your grandmother had a worse match.
Right over to that  I hope he enjoys her.
I wish I were something better, because right now I’m a big fool.
I wish I could sleep too—it would stop me from thinking.
I hope you are pleased with the snake.
I wish you well.
I wish you well.
I wish you’d be patient.
I often wander around in the woods like a forest ranger until the sun rises in the fiery red sky over the ocean, turning the salty green water to gold.
I can’t believe it.
How can I marry him, this husband, before he comes to court me?
I wonder if the lion’s going to talk.
I wonder that none of you thought about getting his support.
I don’t understand why they’re all here together.
I’m amazed you’re still talking, Signior Benedick.
I wonder what it means.
I know where he is.
I want to be friends with you, and forget all the times you’ve embarrassed and humiliated me.
I’d hate to waste my speech on the wrong person, because It’s very well written and I spent a lot of time and energy memorizing it.
I’d hate to see you drowned in honey, sir.
I think I saw you there, you wise man.
I want this to provoke confrontations, so I can give him a piece of my mind.
I could cure you, if you just called me Rosalind and came by my cottage every day to woo me.
I’d do anything to bring them back together, since I really care for Cassio.
I would rip his heart out in public and eat it.
I’d rather see you having fun, because we have friends coming who want to have fun.
I’ll be thrilled.
I want to learn how to lie.
I would like to prove to you that I am.
I would be glad to forget about it, but it weighs on my memory like sins linger in guilty minds.
I would give all my glory for a mug of ale and safety.
I just want everything to be all right between you.
I could have blown up the town in an hour.
I would have thrown away all other considerations and made her my wife.
I want you there and back again before I can even tell you what you should do there.
I wanted to teach her how perfectly I love her, kinsman, and that’s good English.
I wish I could keep killing him for nine years straight.
I had come to the deepest part of my tale, and I planned to say nothing more on the topic.
I would choose to take my penalty.
I only want idiots following my advice, the advice of a fool.
I would whip a guy for making a tyrant sound too tyrannical.
I would have sworn that, too, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I would have thought she was invincible against any assault of love.
I want you.
I could have sworn he trampled on me.
I wish you could tell him I saved his brother.
I wish I could see this invisible drummer.
I wish I’d been there.
I wish I were as big and strong as you.
I wish we had a signed legal contract.
I wish I knew what was in your heart.
I wish I could be as certain of a good dinner.
I want to go home.
You should mock me    I wish I were invisible, so I could grab that strong fellow by the leg.
I wish I were senseless, sir, so that I wouldn’t feel your punches!
I wish I was your bird.
I wish I were, so I could deprive you of both day and life.
I prefer to call it a “hanger.” But anyway.
I hope that’s all he loses.
I’d kiss you before I spoke.
I’d like to know.
I’d give it all up—yes, I’d sacrifice them all to this devil here—to save you.
I wish my daughter were dead at my feet wearing those jewels!
I wish my father could see them with my eyes.
I wish my horse moved as fast as your mouth and was as tireless.
I don’t want to be cured, boy.
I don’t want to go mad.
I wouldn’t be the villain you think I am even if I were offered all of Macbeth’s kingdom and the riches of the East too.
Come, shall we hunt some deer for dinner?
I wouldn’t change it except to make you think of me, my darling queen.
I won’t say no to you, but let it be known that I’m only doing this after a lot of persuasion and to save your life —I hear you were quickly wasting away without me.
If you don’t like him you should quit.
I wouldn’t insult him in my own house for all the wealth in this town.
I’d give anything to keep them from seeing you here.
I wouldn’t have given it away for a whole jungle of monkeys.
I’d give half my dowry to keep anything bad from happening to him.
I wouldn’t want a heart like hers even if you made me queen.
I wouldn’t allow your enemies to say that, and I won’t believe it from you.
I don’t want to kill you before you’ve readied your soul.
I wouldn’t marry her, even if she were as blessed as paradise.
I would not.
I wouldn’t even pee without dancing a waltz.
I would have my own brother arrested if he treated me so terribly.
I’d rather get a husband from your father.
Even if I had sworn never to marry, I wouldn’t trust myself to keep that promise if Hero would marry me.
I wish she were in love with me instead.
I wish she were in heaven so she could appeal to some power to make this dog Jew change his mind.
I’d like to sing my song solo.
I want to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
I wish the fool were dead and married to her grave!
I wish the lightning had burned up all those logs that you’ve been ordered to stack!
That’s why I wish my sister didn’t have a name, sir.
I wish there wasn’t so much dew on the ground.
I wish they were, so that I could die right now, because, at this point, I live a living death.
I wish they’d fight in fire or in the air.
I wish you could just stammer this hidden man out of your mouth like wine out of a narrow-necked bottle: either too much at once or none at all.
I wish you could!
I wish you were someone else’s son.
I wish you had my bones, and I had your news.
I wish you had told me you had a different father.
I hope you’re lucky enough to hear the true story by sticking around.
If only all struggles ended this well.
I’d try it, if I could cry “hem” and have him.
I wish this trick would be over.
I wish you were what I wanted you to be!
I wish your loyalty were as foolish.
Your highness will have to force me to tell.
I sent you a letter while you were carousing in Alexandria.
I’m sending you to England on diplomatic business, and Hamlet will go with you.
And I your servant.
I can’t do everything I want to, but I’ll help you as well as I can.
Your mother sends her blessings.
I even knew the tailor who made the disguise she wore when she ran off.
I did, kind lady.
Me, ma'am?
I can’t remember how I cried then, but I’ll cry all over again.
I, sir, am Dromio.
Me, sir?
As I neglected practical matters, being totally dedicated to solitude and to improving my mind with subjects more valuable than most people imagine, I was so shut away from the world that I unwittingly stirred up evil wishes in my disloyal brother.
I did.
Really, cousin, it’s him.
He’s going after a young widow.
Believe me, I’m sorry you’re in pain.
Yes, we are.
Yes, yes, and let’s sing in unison, like two gypsies riding on a single horse.
Me too.
Don’t worry, I couldn’t care less.
From the earth, or the air?
Whoosh!
In the mud.
I want you to live, since to me, death is happiness.
I’ll vouch for that.
I’ll walk around and force the commoners off the streets.
I’ll go too and make sure that happens.
I’ll take responsibility for that.
I’ll arrest him.
I’ll ask them.
What he just said to me—it’s alright.
I’ll wait for her here and when she comes I’ll take a novel approach with her.
I’ll go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him so.
Time to buy myself a mirror and employ a few dozen tailors to dress me up in the current fashions.
I’ll be right next to you.
I’ll meet you there.
I’ve got to go.
If you’re Launcelot, then you’re my own flesh and blood.
I’ll back you up.
I’ll be there early.
I’ll be with you right away.
I’m going to make you look sharp, Laertes.
I’ll hold on to your money and leave you for an hour.
Officer, I’ll take the responsibility from you, and the blame too.
I’ll beat him until the welts look like basket-weave!
I’ll speak to him now.
I promise I’ll carry the wood faster.
I’ll let you know right away how it’s going.
I’ll go with you, my lord, if you’ll allow me.
I’ll bring you to him right away.
I’ll bring you to him.
They
I’ll bury you in a magnificent grave.
Meanwhile, I’ll get Sir Toby.
I’ll call you “Hamlet Senior,” “King,” “Father,” “royal Dane.” Answer me!
I’ll stop by before you go to bed, and tell you what I’ve heard.
I’ll call for you soon.
I’ll take it over to the pile.
I’ll catch it before it falls to the ground.
I look forward to that present.
I’ll go to him.
I’ll come see you right away.
Keep myself?
I’ll be nice to him.
I’ll meet it if it’s the last thing I do.
I won’t pretend to be the devil’s porter anymore.
I’ll bet my life you gave some woman the ring!
I’ll do it, but I don’t like it.
I’ll do it, sir.
I’ll do all that.
I’ll do my best to make this lady love you.
I’ll do everything a younger man could do for you.
I’ll drain the life out of him.
I’ll do most of the drinking for you.
I’ll drink to her as long as there’s a hole in my throat and booze in Illyria.
I’ll finish my lecture after dinner.
I’ll try talking to him again.
I’ll go get my sister and see what she thinks.
I’ll get some cloth and egg whites to bandage his bleeding face.
I’ll get the general’s surgeon.
I’ll go get them, sir.
I’ll fight at sea.
I’ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones.
I’ll find your servant, and he’ll update you now and then on your case as it stands here.
I’ll find Romeo to comfort you.
I’ll fish for you and get you plenty of firewood.
I won’t follow him around with useless pleas anymore.
I’ll follow it.
I’ll follow you and turn this hell I’m in into a kind of heaven.
I’ll follow the priest and go with you; and after I’ve sworn to be faithful, I’ll be faithful forever.
I’ll follow you.
I’ll give you frets!” With that, she clobbers me with the lute so that my head goes right through,
I’ll move to a more open place and there speak to great Caesar as he walks past.
I’ll give it to him.
I wrote a verse to this tune, though it’s not very imaginative.
I’ll go alone.
I’ll go with you.
I’ll go and chat with Paris.
I’ll get back at him another way.
I’ll go put my armor on.
I need to get away from you.
I’m going to find some shade and sigh until he returns.
I’ll come soon.
Thank you.
I’ll limp after you.
I’ll sue him for assault and battery, if there’s any justice in Illyria.
I need better evidence than the ghost to work with.
I’ll get her, but I won’t keep her long.
I want my bond, so stop talking.
I want my bond.
I won’t have one any bigger.
I’ll have no halves.
I’m not talking with you.
I’ll take no lesser name than that of  Something that refers to my current state.
I need proof!
I’ll copy the embroidery pattern and then give it to Iago.
I’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I’ll have my head cut from my shoulders before I’ll see the crown so misplaced.
I’ll make this wedding happen tomorrow morning.
I’ll find you another horse.
I’ll help you, Sir Toby.
I wouldn’t change my mind even if she were
I’ll write how, under his flag and with his well-paid troops, we have beaten the formerly unvanquished Parthia.
I’ll go and coach them.
I plan to fall into the blackest despair.
I’ll keep my oath and patiently suffer through my anger.
I’ll humor him when he learns how to behave.
I’m going to find out what you’re thinking.
I’d bet fourteen of my own teeth—but, I’m sorry to say, I only have four teeth—she’s not fourteen.
I’ll leave you without revealing any emotion, like a man of steel.
I’ll leave you, lady.
I’ll go my own way.
I’ll look at him and try to like him, at least if what I see is likable.
I’ll make ground beef out of you.
Take this.
I’ll make her come right away, I promise you.
I’ll make Oliver find him.
I’ll come too.
I’ll wake him, because that’s my job.
I’ll give it a try.
I’ll make you an example for the others to learn from.
Next time I’ll give you nothing for something.
I’ll teach you a lesson.
I’m watching the play.
I’ll meet you there in an hour.
I’ll straighten it, then play— Where’s the Queen?
If our criminal master gets off free, I won’t care what happens to me anymore.
I’ll never see it.
I don’t want to have anything to do with you anymore.
I don’t want to play now.
I won’t take it.
I won’t take it back.
I won’t answer that.
I’ll be nearby.
I won’t break this promise.
I won’t be taken for a fool who sighs and gives in to Christian meddlers.
I won’t be hit, my lord.
I don’t believe it.
I’m not moving an inch, pal.
I won’t deny him anything of mine, including my own body and my husband’s bed.
I will not take it.
I won’t stand for it.
I won’t argue with her, so her beautiful body won’t disarm me.—Tonight, Iago.
As long as I’m alive, I’ll be here.
I won’t fight you.
I won’t allow it.
I won’t mess with him.
I won’t bother with it.
I’m not going to bed tonight.
I don’t trust you.
Then I’ll pay you for doing what you like.
I’ll fix you, I swear.
I’ll hound him.
I’ll pretend to be the housewife for once.
I’ll pick berries for you.
I’ll prove that I’m an honest man and a man of honor if you dare defend yourself.
I’ll pull on these smaller legs.
I’ll test it out.
I could go around the world in forty minutes.
I’ll put it on anyway.
I’ll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt.
I’d rather go without the money.
I’d rather kill myself.
I’ll read it aloud.
I’ll rest now.
I could rhyme like that for eight years in a row, excepting meal times and sleeping hours.
By the way, I’m going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
He’s just as terrified of Sir Andrew.
I’ll run away from you and hide in the bushes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
I’ll agree to those terms and even say that Jews are nice.
I’ll get it done right away.
Go away!
She has the patience of a  I’ll see you hanged on Sunday first!
I’m going to sell all my land.
I’ll send my prayers with him.
I’ll send a man to Mantua, where that exiled rogue is living.
I want to be this Duke’s servant.
I can get you five hundred ropes for that price.
I want to measure the extent of your love, to see how far it stretches.
I’ll put her on that.
I’ll show you where to get fresh water.
I’ll tell him right away, my lord.
No, I’ll slit the nose of the villain who would have sent me to jail.
I’ll recite a prophecy before I go.
All right, I’ll stay another month.
I’m not staying here to argue anymore.
When I strike, I’ll cry, “All or nothing!” Well put.
I’ll leave you now.
I’ll talk with this good man.
I’m not going to waste any more time with you.
I’ll show you how.
I’ll tear her to pieces!
I’ll tell my husband what you’ve said, Launcelot.
I’ll tell him the news.
I’ll tell you before you have to ask me again.
Benedick, Beatrice praised your wit the other day.
I’ll talk to you more about this some other time.
I’ll tell you what, Prince: a whole university full of wisecrackers couldn’t change my mood today.
I’m telling you, Aliena, I can’t stand being apart from Orlando.
I tell you, Charles, he’s the stubbornest young fellow in France: overly ambitious, jealous of other people’s good qualities, and a traitor against me, his own blood brother.
Let me tell you, my friend, I’m almost insane myself.
I’ll tell you privately.
I can tell you who time strolls for, who it trots for, who it gallops for, and who it stops cold for.
I tell you, there are good men born at Monmouth.
So I won’t give or risk anything for lead.
I’ll go to lunch.
I’m going to England.
I’ll go to him.
Now it’s time to get back to my studying, since I have a lot of serious business to take care of before dinner.
I’ll go and join my men.
You’re right.
I’m going to the Friar to find out his solution.
I’ll go wait for Dromio at the marketplace.
I’m going back into battle.
I’ll torture him.
I’ll scalp you.
I’d wager twenty times as much on my wife.
I’ll follow you, my lord.
Yes, I guarantee he won’t drown—even if this ship were as fragile as an eggshell and as leaky as a menstruating woman.
I bet she’ll chew him out.
I’ll wear this one and none other.
I’ll write to my sister and tell her my plans.
I’ll write a letter challenging him to a duel on your behalf.
I’ll write him a taunting letter, and you can deliver it.
I’ll take you to where he sleeps, and you can pound a nail into his head.
I’m out of patience.
Iago is gesturing for me to come closer.
Iago’s a good man.
Iago has kept his word.
Iago, who started it?
Is that you, Iago?
Iago.
That useless old man still thinks he can wield all the powers he’s given away.
If only that were all it is— It is, I promise.
Well, if it wasn’t her, I don’t know.
If a bloody head counts as a hurt, then you hurt me.
I’m sure some Christian will resort to trickery to get you.
If a Jew offends a Christian, what’s the Christian’s kind and gentle reaction?
In this day and age, if a man doesn’t erect his own monument before he dies, he won’t be remembered past the funeral bell’s ringing and his widow’s crying.
If a man’s brain were in his feet, wouldn’t it be susceptible to frostbite?
If everything else fails, at least I have the power to take my own life.
I don’t care if all the devils in hell crammed together to possess him, I still want to speak to him.
If it takes all the wine in my bottle, I’ll cure him.
If a ship’s leaving, come to the marketplace.
If any legs here are Trinculo’s, these are.
If anyone doubts this, let him put me on trial.
If any ships are sailing, I’ll get right on one.
If there is, then heaven help him!
If there are any, speak, for it is he whom I’ve offended.
If there are any, speak, for it is he whom I have offended.
If I can disguise my voice as well as my appearance, then I’ll be able to carry out my plan perfectly.
Dear father, if you caused this terrible storm with your magic powers, please put an end to it.
But never mind them—if Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would’ve forgiven him.
If Caesar chose, Antony would jump at the chance to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, you would be well punished for your audacity.
If the future turns out as I hope it will, I’m all set for success.
If you’re going to die, be quick about it so you can catch the king’s departing soul or follow him, like obedient subjects, to his new kingdom of endless night.
If you were ever yourself, and this sadness was yours, you and your sadness were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fast, he would be worth a dozen like Belman.
If either of you knows any secret reason why you two should not be joined in marriage, I order you on your souls to say so.
If he can manage to walk after our fight, I’ll never wrestle for money again.
And if he ever has a wife, let her be more miserable when he dies than I am now.
If I ever see it, I will challenge you.
If I ever come back, I’ll bring you good news.
If you come to me after tomorrow and say, “That’s my glove,” I swear by this hand, I will take it and give you a box on the ear.
I know you well.
If every time you wished for a child you could have had one, you would have a million children.
If everyone here knows us but we don’t know anybody, it’s time, I think, for us to pack our bags and take off.
If luck deserts us today, it’s because we defy it.
If I come back from the battlefield again to kiss those lips, I’ll be covered in blood.
If God will be revenged for this deed, he will do it publicly.
If the news is good, you’re ruining the sweet news by playing a trick with a sour face like that.
If Hamlet makes the first or second hit, or gets back at Laertes by making the third hit, then let my soldiers give him a military salute.
If you’ve been ordered back to Venice because of my father, don’t blame me.
If he asks to see me, tell him I’m sick and went to bed.
If he wakes up before we kill him, he’ll never stop punishing us.
If he’s not around, bring his brother Oliver to me.
But if he’s resistant and chilly, then be like that too and break off the conversation.
If he’s not in love with a woman, then you can’t trust the usual symptoms.
If he backs down, he’ll become as notorious a villain and as saucy a Jack as ever walked on God’s earth, in my opinion.
If he looks serious, he must need money.
If he’s reluctant, I can convince him.
If he’s caught, he’ll never make trouble for anyone again.
If he is, that’s his problem.
If he breaks the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling.
If he cannot, let the tailor mend him.
If he doesn’t show up, the play is ruined.
If he shows up tomorrow, I’ll give him what’s coming to him.
If it’s fighting he is after, some of us here should run and hide.
If he doesn’t like it, he can go live with my sister.
If Duncan bleeds I’ll paint the servants' faces with his blood.
If he becomes pale, I know what to do.
If he fears God, he must necessarily keep the peace.
If he struggles, use force!
If that’s true, he won’t get it back by crying.
And if he fails at that, he will find other ways to kill you.
If he’s been spending his leisure time in lustful pursuits, then he’ll be punished with venereal diseases, and that’s his business.
If he’s caught the Benedick, he’ll lose all his money before he’s cured.
If he’s never drunk it before, it’ll help soothe his fever.
If he’s as good as a saint but is black like a devil, I’d rather he hear my confession than marry me.
If he loves Caesar, then he can only hurt himself—by grieving and dying for Caesar.
I’m in so much trouble with my niece that it wouldn’t be safe to let this prank go to its conclusion.
If he will grant me conquered Egypt, so that I may give it to my son, I will kneel to him with thanks.
If he said that, then I hope his malicious soul rots in hell forever.
Then you’ll be able to cheer  If he were dead, what would happen to me?
If he were dead, you’d be weeping for him.
If he won’t stop when he’s told to, then he isn’t one of the Prince’s subjects.
If he agrees, great.
If that man, who’s made up of conflicts, becomes musical, then there must be something wrong with the universe.
If her breath were as terrible as her words, she would kill every living thing from here to the furthest star.
If his cause is wrong, our obedience to the king clears us of responsibility for it.
Otherwise, I’ll do it anytime, as long as I’m able.
If I’m a wasp, look out for my stinger.
If there’s any way I can spoil his life, I’ll be overjoyed.
If I can just get him to drink one more glass after what he’s drunk already, he’ll be as argumentative and eager to fight as a little dog.
If I can cure him from his fever and tame him, and get him back to Naples, he’d make a great present for any emperor.
If I can tame him, I’ll charge as much as I can get for him.
If I could make things better by lying, I’d deny it.
If I could say hello to the fifth one as happily as I’ll say goodbye to the first four, I’d be very happy he’s coming.
If only I could somehow relate them to me!
If I could beg others to change their minds, begging would convince me, too.
If I could win a lady by playing leapfrog or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back—though you may accuse me of boasting—I could easily get myself a wife.
If I cut my finger, I’ll use you as a bandage to stop the bleeding.—And your name, sir?
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I’ll give it to your daughter to make up for it.
If I die before you do make sure I’m wrapped in those sheets in my coffin.
If he’s in a good mood I’ll mention you again, and do everything I can.
If I live through this, I’ll be good to you.
If I don’t love her, I’m completely
I’ll carry prayer books in my pocket and look sweet—even more.
I am, unless I somehow stole this role.
If it turns out that she really is running around on me, I’ll send her away, even though it’ll break my heart.
If I do so, it will mean more if I say it behind your back than if I say it to your face.
If I’m not dreaming, you are Emilia.
If I find an opportunity, I will give him a piece of my mind.
If I gave them all I own, I’d have two fool’s caps for myself.
If I could shoot lightning bolts from my eyes, I can tell you who’d be on the ground.
If I could get my hands on you, I’d make you care.
If I had seen something like that, I would have quickly pulled out my weapon.
If I have killed your children, I will have children with your daughter.
Let everyone beware: I can shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever I choose.
Look at you!
If I let him go, I’ll have to pay his bail fees myself.
If I live to see it, I’ll never trust his word again.
If I miss this, let me be boiled alive.
If I can trust my dreams, then some joyful news is coming soon.
If it’s me, there’s no time as good as this hour of Caesar’s death, and no weapon better than your swords, covered with the noblest blood in the world.
If I owe you anything, I’ll pay you in clubbings.
If I extinguish the candle, I can light it again if I regret it.
To tell you the truth, they fought the new enemy with twice as much force as before; they were like cannons loaded with double ammunition.
If I see anything tonight that convinces me not to marry her, I’ll shame her tomorrow in the very congregation where I would have married her.
If I were king?
I’d tell them that I saw natives like these—since they must be natives—who are graceful and well-mannered even if they’re monstrous to look at, kinder than most human beings you might find— kinder than almost any human.
If I said something, she’d mock me so mercilessly that I’d probably disintegrate into air.
If I decide to get angry at you, just watch out— You’d be done for then, monster.
If I’m telling the truth like a fool in saying all this, whip the first person who thinks I sound foolish.
If I’m lying, then
As sure as I’m standing here, I saw him.
If that’s true, I think the same thing about you.
If I were to make a prediction regarding this union, I wouldn’t say that.
If I were Brutus now and Brutus were me, I wouldn’t have let him influence me.
If I told them about this back in Naples, would they believe me?
If you who are so wise can’t help, please be kind enough to call my solution wise.
If it looks like my good father, I’ll speak to it, even if Hell itself opens up and tells me to be quiet.
If he’s got a message from the count, tell him I’m sick, or not home.
If it turns out he wasn’t, certain people are going to get it.
If what you feel is really love, tell me how much.
If it’s work for a man, I’ll do it.
If it’s for me, don’t keep it from me.
If you don’t need it for some important reason, then give it back to me.
What’s important is to be prepared.
If things are the way people tell me they are—and they’re only telling me this to warn me—then I have to say, you’re not conducting yourself with the self-restraint a daughter of mine should show.
If that’s true, which it is, she might as well be in love with a dream, the poor lady.
If that’s true, it makes up for all the sorrows I’ve ever known.
If it’s the same one— If it’s the same one, or any one that belongs to her, then together with the other evidence it’s pretty strong.
If this is a dream, let me keep on sleeping!
If it’s true that you don’t need
If you’re the ones setting my daughters against me, don’t let me be foolish enough to take it lying down.
If it is, I suggest you don’t eat it.
If the job had been painful, I would not have come.
If it’s okay with you, you should not press your grievances any further, but realize that the current situation should be enough to reconcile you.
If it does pass, the Church will lose more than half of what it possesses, because the bill would strip us of enough real estate left to the church by wealthy, pious men in their wills to support fifteen earls and fifteen hundred knights, six thousand two hundred squires, and a hundred well-supplied almshouses for the relief of lepers, old-age pensioners, the poor, and those too weak or sick to work.
It’s my exercise time.
As the sonnet says, “If you please one special person, you please everyone who matters.” Why, what’s going on?
If you wish.
If he can keep it, he’ll be set forever.
If you could please stop fooling around, I’ll tell you what your mother wants.
If this business would really be finished when I did the deed, then it would be best to get it over with quickly.
If I died right now I’d be completely happy, since I’ll probably never be as happy as this again in my life.
If that’s true, it’s a serious fault, and Caesar has paid seriously for it.
If you won’t leave, then
If not, what can you do about it?
If it pleases Caesar to be so good to himself as to hear me, I’ll try to get him to do what’s good for him.
If they let you off, then we’ll have to assume that Lady Justice has lost all her power.
If knives, poison, or snakes have edge, effect, or venom, I am safe from that fate.
If love is blind, it can’t hit the target.
If love plays rough with you, play rough with  Come on, let’s knock and go in.
If love has touched you, love has touched you—end of story.
If you see anything else, let me know.
If I’m more noble than you, you’ve done me wrong.
If you pay too much attention to him you’ll make him angry, and that will make his convulsions go on longer.
If my heart’s dear love— Well, don’t swear.
Lady Olivia told her servant Malvolio to kick you out of the house.
If I don’t answer, perhaps you’ll think I’m accepting the heavy responsibility you foolishly want to impose on me.
If not, it’s true, this parting was well done.
If not, goodbye.
If you can’t, and would prefer to leave, she’s very willing to say goodbye to you.
If not, I’ll challenge you to a duel.
And if they don’t find charity there, they find it someplace else.
If you interrupt it, he’ll foam at the mouth and go crazy.
If not, he’s got truth on his side!
Otherwise, I’ll die a virgin, devoted to you.
If not, leave me alone, and I’ll stay away from your turf.
If not, the Fates are on the side of the traitors.
If not, to tell you I will die is true, but not for love, by God.
If not, come when you have the courage.
If not, then this parting was well done.
If not, I’ll leave you alone and that’ll be the end of my business.
Would you rather hear a love song or a song about the good life?
It’s much better to be destroyed by a noble enemy than by a cruel and heartless one.
If you dressed only to stay warm, you wouldn’t need these gorgeous clothes you’re wearing—which don’t keep you warm at all.
If our eyes were policemen, they might capture two thieves at once while we’re embracing.
If our father continues to use his authority as usual, then his recent abdication of the kingdom will just hurt us.
If our father were dead you’d receive half of his revenue forever, and you’d have my undying love,      Edgar.” Hmm, what’s this, a conspiracy?
If we’d been able to put on our play, we would have had it made.
I can get the better of religion and a few flimsy vows between a misguided barbarian and a depraved Venetian girl.
If she and I are happy, what’s it to you?
If she’s a traitor, why then, so am I.
Even if she’s ugly, she’ll be smart enough to find a guy to sleep with her.
If she’s cheated on me, then heaven itself is a fake.
If she is, you can sue me for lying to you.
If she admits she wanted this, then I won’t blame Othello.—Come here, my child.
If she sends any letters to Richmond, you will be accountable to me for it.
If she refuses my proposal, I’ll tell her how much I’m looking forward to the announcement and the wedding.
If she orders me to go, I’ll thank her warmly as if she’d just offered to put me up for a week.
And when she does, he’ll imagine she’s flirting with him.
If she can’t find out what his secret is, then send him off to England or wherever you think best.
If she were so moral, she would never have fallen in love with the Moor in the first place.
If she lives a long and happy life, then all women may as well turn into monsters.
Even if she lives till the end of the world, she’d keep burning an additional week.
If she offers him her love, it’s very possible that he’ll scorn it, since, as we all know, he tends to be contemptuous.
If she welcomes him and his hundred knights after I’ve shown how inappropriately he’s behaved— Here, ma'am.
If she returns my jewels, I’ll stop pursuing her and apologize to her.
If she feels like coming over here, I’ll give her your message.
If my eyes aren’t deceiving me, goodbye, love.
Well, even if he is her father, I’m sure she wouldn’t want to have the head of the old man on her shoulders!
You’d be the funniest person in Illyria… if Sir Toby ever stopped drinking.
If this is so, be patient, sister.
If that’s the case, tears wash my eyes more than hers.
If that’s true, then don’t be tongue-tied.
If someone like me is fit to be king, let me know.
If grief doesn’t kill me, I’ll find a quicker way to kill myself—even though I think grief will do the job just as well.
If the other two are as loopy as we are, our country’s in bad shape.
If that’s all, gentlemen, I see no problem.
If that means I don’t care about anything, you should disappear right now, since you’re nothing.
If her breath steams up the glass, then she’s alive.
If we can do that, everything will be all right.
The demon who seduced you could stride the world over with the proud gait of a lion, could return to hell and tell the devil’s legions, “I will never win another soul as easily as I won that Englishman’s.” How you have poisoned my faith in people!
If the Turkish fleet isn’t protected in some harbor, their men must all be drowned.
If this logic works, that’s great.
If you are a devil, I won’t be able to kill you.
If that’s not enough, I’ll sign a contract to pay ten times that much, and I’ll give you my hands, my head, and my heart as security.
If you really are Sir Rowland’s son, as you’ve just whispered to me—and I can absolutely see the likeness in your face— you are truly welcome here.
If we didn’t have rational minds to counterbalance our emotions and desires, our bodily urges would take over.
A cat in heat will look for a mate, And Rosalind certainly will too.
And if the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating idiot, does that mean, you think, that we should also be an ass and a fool and a prating idiot?
If the English had any sense, they would run away.
If God had been willing, I wish we had died in the same hour too!
If the devil had such a beautiful house as his body, then good things would fight to live in it.
If this letter’s right, you’ve got a lot to deal with.
If he’d written nice things, I’d swear yes right away.
If he is too insistent, tell him that romance is like a dance: it has its own rhythm and timing.
If they could purge their guilt simply by saying that they were innocent, they’d all be as innocent as God Himself.
If, then, that friend demands to know why I rose up against Caesar, this is my answer: it’s not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
Then if they’re negligent, we could control them.
If true lovers are always thwarted, then it must be a rule of fate.
If there’s any good deed I can do that will bring you peace and me honor, speak to me.
If there’s any reason we shouldn’t get married, I urge you to tell me.
If there’s anyone in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar’s, I say to him that my love for Caesar was no less than his.
If there’s anything more sorrowful left to add, keep it to yourself.
If my eyes don’t deceive me, you are my daughter.
If my eyes don’t deceive me, you are my Rosalind.
If the witches tell the truth—which they did about you—maybe what they said about me will come true too.
If Fulvia were the last woman on earth, there would be a reason to grieve.
If they refuse to come, get physical—use a whip if you have to, but get them out here to their husbands.
If they see you, they’ll murder you.
If they do this, as they will, God willing, my ransom will soon be raised.
If they have done this thing, my noble lord— If?
If even then they don’t answer to your satisfaction, you can say that they’re not the men you thought they were.
If they have spoken the truth about Hero, I will tear her apart with my bare hands.
If we leave, it will feel like nothing less than death to them.
If they seek battle with us, have them come down or else clear the field.
If they’ll do neither, we’ll come to them and make them fly like stones shot from powerful slings.
If our secret’s known, either Caesar or I will die, for I’ll kill myself.
If this isn’t what you’ve been hoping for, I have no more to say except that you ought to say goodbye to Bianca forever.
Since you know all this is true, why do you blame me for loving you?
And why do you blame me for loving you?
If this letter falls into your hands, think carefully about what it says.
If this letter doesn’t make him fight, I don’t know what will.
If this dream vision is typical of what this island conjures up, then I’ll lose my son twice.
If I can find any animal in this wild forest, I’ll either be food for it or bring it as food for you.
If this were a play, I’d complain it was unrealistic.
If that were true, then I’d know your secret.
If this young gentleman has offended you, I’ll take the blame for it.
If you regard it as shameful, put the shame on me.
If you can leave your body so easily, then the touch of death is like a lover’s pinch, which hurts but is desired.
If it’s really you, tell me what happened to our son, who floated away with you on that deadly raft.
You’ll have to woo Bianca like the rest.
If you’re as poor a subject as he is a king, you definitely are poor.
If you aren’t immortal, watch those around you.
If you’re Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If you’re Trinculo, then come out.
If you can love a man of this temperament, Kate, whose face a sunburn wouldn’t make any worse and who never looks in the mirror to admire himself, let your eye improve me.
If you can love me for this, take me.
If you think about it correctly, Caesar has suffered a great wrong.
If you insist on trying my patience any further, then take out your sword right now.
If you enjoy looking at your awful deeds, take a look at this noteworthy example of your butcheries.
If you ever loved me, then please postpone the sweet relief of death awhile, and stay in this harsh world long enough to tell my story.
If you ever loved your poor dear father— Oh God!
If you cut both their throats, then you are the absolute best.
If he seems game to our plan, encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons.
If you do that, I’ll never respect you again.
Look, if you really love the beautiful Hero, enjoy it.
If you’re my friend, tell me what you’re thinking.
With his natural luck, he will beat you even against the odds.
Trust me, you could slide all the way from my shoulder to my heel taking no more of a running start than the distance between my head and my neck.
If you love me, let me know by smiling at me.
If you work for him, you’re a fool and should wear a fool’s cap.—So how’s it going, uncle?
If you had been afraid to break an oath with him, the crown you are currently wearing would have graced the head of my child, and both princes would still be alive, not preyed on by worms.
If you have a voice or can make sounds, speak to me.
I know I will too, if it’s the last thing I do.
If you are human, don’t stand for it.
If you killed Lysander while he was sleeping, then you’re already up to your ankles in blood.
Take on someone your own size: if you kill me, boy, you’ll have killed a man.
If you complain any more, I’ll split an oak tree and lock you up in it till you’ve howled for twelve years.
If not, you can kill me.
If you read this, Caesar, you might live.
If you can’t remember the stupidest little thing love made you do, you haven’t loved.
If you remember your life before you came here, you may also remember how you got here.
If you say that, you bastard, you’ll kill your Queen.
If that’s what you say, go fight a duel with me and prove it.
If you’re lying, I’ll hang you alive from the nearest tree until you die of hunger.
If you take more or less than exactly a pound, even if it’s just the tiniest fraction of an ounce—if the scale changes by even so much as a hair, you die, and all your property will be confiscated.
If you’re not having sex with Desdemona tomorrow night, then I suggest you find some way to stab me in the back and kill me.
If you were my fool, uncle, I’d have you beaten for getting old before your time.
If you’re going to lend us this money, don’t lend it to us as if we were your friends.
If you want to go to hell, there are better ways to do it than killing yourself.
If you want to cry over my bad luck, I’ll give you my eyes.
If you would have such a man, take me.
If you leave like that, you tell the world that it’s not worthy of a good-bye.
If your highness is willing, take revenge on him for that—because I know you’re brave enough, I don’t dare to— That’s for sure.
If your vengeful heart can’t forgive me, here—take my sword and bury it in my heart so that my soul, which adores you, can be free.
If what you say is true, you can do the same to me.
Get rid of half your knights and go back to spend the rest of your month with my sister.
If my doing what you told me to makes you happy, then be happy, because I did it.
If I tremble then, you can call me a little girl.
If we’re like you in everything else, we’ll resemble you in that respect.
If we are slated to die, the fewer, the better for our country, and if we’re slated to live, the fewer men, the greater the share of honor for each of us.
If we aren’t relieved in an hour, we have to return to our barracks.
If we lose this battle, this is the last time we’ll speak to each other.
If we meet again, then we’ll smile indeed.
If we meet again, then we’ll smile.
If we’re all pork-eaters, we won’t be able to get our hands on a slice of bacon, even if we’ve got the money for it.
So if we know that a man is a thief, should we try to arrest him?
If we happen to offend you, it’s because we want to.
If we walk on the well-worn paths, they won’t get caught in our petticoats.
If we cannot defend our country with three times such a power left at home, then we deserve to be harassed by an invader and lose our reputation as a powerful and politically savvy nation.
If he isn’t what he might be, then I wish to God he were!
If I know my own thoughts and desires, and I’m not dreaming or crazy—which I’m sure I’m not—then, dear uncle, I’ve never had so much as a half-formed thought that would have offended you.
If it’s possible to do this without putting yourself in danger, dear Captain Blunt, say goodnight to him from me and give him this important note.
If wolves had been howling outside your gate at the heart of that storm, you would’ve told your doorman to let them in, despite all the cruelties you inflict on the world.
If you still feel so affectionate toward her, then why not give her permission to cheat on you?
Be good enough to hear me out.
If you’re just insane, then get out of here.
If you like, you can rest a while in my room.
If you’re happy with what you’ve won And accept this prize as your blissful destiny, Then turn to where your lady is, And claim her with a loving kiss.”
If you’re calling me Jephthah, my lord, I do have a daughter I love more than anything, yes.
If you can shape up, you’re welcome to stay in the house.
Tell me why, if you can.
If you can’t do it, be grateful you’ve lived this long and go wait to die in your cabin, if it comes to that.—Harder, men!—Now get out of our way, I’m telling you.
If you choose the one that contains my picture, we’ll be married right away.
If you choose that one, I’m yours, along with the picture.
And if you’re not as attentive in serving him as you used to be, that’ll be good.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse to allow me to do so, your city’s charter and its freedom are endangered.
If you refuse me, the laws of Venice have no validity.
If you refuse it, the whole country will regret it.
Listen, if you want a good laugh—and I mean a side-splitting one—then follow me.
I am willing to fight you if I must.
If you married my sister for her wealth, then for her wealth’s sake, treat her with more kindness.
When you fight against your country’s enemies, you will be paid for your efforts with your country’s wealth.
If you fight to protect your wives, your wives will welcome you home as conquerors.
When you free your children from the sword, your grandchildren will repay you in your old age.
If you really love me, you’ll find me.—Nerissa and the rest of you, get away from him.
If you love Rosalind as much as you say you do, you will marry her when your brother marries Aliena.
If you happen to see Horatio and Marcellus, who are supposed to stand guard with me tonight, tell them to hurry.
If you don’t, if I’m left alone, I swear I’ll have that legal expert as my bedfellow.
Then both my grief and your sorrow will be cured.
If you go outside, arm yourself.
If you struggle to bring down a tyrant, you will sleep peacefully when the tyrant is killed.
If you keep on the way you’ve been going, you’ll kill yourself.
If you get nasty with me, Pistol, I’ll stab you with my sword, in fair play.
If you’d known how much that ring meant, how much the woman who gave it to you is worth, or how much your honor depended on your keeping the ring, you wouldn’t have let it go.
If you’ve got any music that can’t be heard, then play that.
If you had any sense of pity, or manners, you wouldn’t pretend to fight over me like this.
You may have lost his respect, but so have I.
If you have poison for me, I’ll drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew the reason, you’d understand and would urge me to go rather than stay.
If you like what you see of the land, the profit that’s possible, and this rustic life, I’ll be your faithful servant, and buy the place with your gold right away.
If you still love her after that, then marry her tomorrow.
If you look closely at Alexander’s life, Harry of Monmouth’s stands up fairly well by comparison—for there are analogies in everything.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can order him to stop.
If you’ve offended him, I’ll fight you.
On my honor and by my word, if you outstay the ten days, you will die.
If you forgive us, we’ll make everything all right.
If you poison us, don’t we die?
If you prick us with a pin, don’t we bleed?
If you mutiny against me, I’ll hang you from the next tree.
If you took a good look at yourself, or if you thought about this more carefully, your fear would teach you to act more cautiously.
If you really feel that way, then I hope you won’t kill me.
If you stick with me, when the time comes, there will be something in it for you.
If you send them word that you won’t come, they might change their minds.
Otherwise—forgive me, but if you should die before him, what becomes of her dowry?
I am being serious, my lord.
If things go well, bring the crowd to  I’m off.
If you tickle us, don’t we laugh?
If she punishes you, master, she’s sure to punish me.
Now that I think about the danger of these knights, if you come to stay with me, please bring no more than twenty-five of them with you.
If you tell your lady I’m here to speak with her, and bring her out with you when you come back, you might make me more generous.
If you do intend to live, then mourn.
Please let me be your servant so I can be with you.
If you don’t want to, then good riddance.
If you behave yourself and join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations, then you can come with us.
If you want to watch, follow me.
If you’ll take a simple man’s advice, don’t be here when it arrives.
When you see him walking by here (as I’ll make sure he does between twelve and one) you can nab him.
For love to appear in his true likeness, he would have to be as Cupid is: naked and blind.
If you want to see your deceiver, then look at me.
If you aren’t weeping, it’s a good sign that I’ll soon have a new father.
If you would take the trouble to study the tactics of Pompey the Great, I can tell you that you would find no tittle-tattle or pibble-pabble in Pompey’s camp.
If you want to come have dinner with me, you can.
If you want to pick a fight, you’ll have to find a more substantial excuse.
If you sit down, I’ll carry your logs a while.
If you don’t mind, I’d like to speak with you.
If your affection for me doesn’t convince you to come, don’t let my letter do so.” Oh, my darling, make your arrangements and go!
If your Majesties recall it, the Welsh fought very valiantly in a garden where there were leeks growing, wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps which, your Majesty knows, is to this day a badge of honorable military service.
If your master wants a queen to beg from him, you should tell him that a queen will beg for no less than a kingdom.
Duke of Burgundy, if you want peace, the lack of which creates these misfortunes you describe, you must purchase it buy agreeing across-the-board to all our very just demands.
If she restrained your rowdy knights, she had such a good reason that you can’t blame her for it.
Bad luck, bad luck?
There is no rest to be had in any bedroom where you are!
Evil spirit, I want to talk some more.
Ill will never prompted anything well said.
Oh-ho-ho, sir!
Do tell.
She was worried about my absence, and about the fact that young Octavius and Mark Antony have grown so strong—which I found out at the same time as the news of her death.
The great emperor Caesar, dead and turned to clay, might plug up a hole to keep the wind away.
You brazen whore!
There’s no bravery in an unfair fight.
And I’ll be eternally grateful to you.
They lie in bed while they dream about the truth.
He sees himself in my two eyes, so there’s two of him.
To be brief—as the occasion requires—prepare to fight early in the morning, when your future will be decided.
If everyone looked so lovely in their sorrow, then sorrow would be highly prized.
His ships are maneuverable.
When it comes to defense, it’s best to assume that the enemy is more powerful than he seems.
In cash.
I have to pretend to threaten you with my sword.
We argued about which was best, and now we won’t get either one.
Always give him his way.
In every good thing they do.
Isn’t there one man left in the world who knows not to take a wife?
His mistake was hardly worth punishing him for in the first place—though in wartime it is sometimes necessary to make examples out of even the best soldiers.
Truly, lady, you have a merry heart.
Really, I had no intention of going for my sword.
I swear to God I won’t.
Honestly, she is too ill-tempered.
Actually, their hearts are as sensitive and loyal as ours are.
Ruining his meals, his enjoyment, and his sleep would drive any man or beast mad.
In God’s name, speak.
In God’s name, who are you?
What would that be?
Yes, heavily.
Right on cue, here’s the duke himself.
Good to see you, Iago.
Right on cue.
My happiness and yours lie in her.
His counselors will govern as long as he’s a minor, and then he’ll take over.
Your peace of mind depends on him.
You’re right, Lysander’s admirable too.
In his heart?
Kings and noblemen served him.
He has distinguished himself as a great soldier in his own right, deserving more than any honor your can bestow on him.
In its tail.
No, in its tongue.
I’ve already told you quite plainly that my daughter will never marry you.
No.
The news I have to tell your majesty is that Buckingham’s army has dispersed from sudden floods and heavy rainfall.
You’re in love?
For you to do it would be good service.
I think she’s the most wonderful woman I’ve ever laid eyes on.
Very serious, and I’m sure it’s because of Beatrice.
In my bedroom window there is a book.
In my imagination, Horatio.
Back when I was a schoolboy, if I lost an arrow I would try to find it by shooting another arrow in the same direction, watching the second arrow more carefully than I had the first.
By my birth I rank above you, but don’t be afraid of my greatness.
The only thing different about me is my clothes.
On one and the same trip Claribel found a husband in Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife where he was shipwrecked; Prospero found his dukedom on a poor island; and all of us found ourselves when we lost control of ourselves.
In Orsino’s heart.
Because he’s so young, I’ve tried to discourage him, but he won’t listen.
Let’s get started right away.
When I have praised Antony, I’ve disparaged Caesar.
In private?
In the fact that it’s solitary, I enjoy it very much; but in the sense that it’s private, it’s terrible.
Seriously, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say that, you’ll only be telling the truth.
In Sicyon.
Are you behind some bush?
To be honest, I don’t know why I’m so sad.
You love me in spite of your heart, I think.
I think that on a night like this, when the wind blew the trees so gently that they didn’t make a sound,  On a night like this,  On a night like this,  On a night like this,
On a night like this!
On a night like this, pretty Jessica, in a bad mood, said outrageously wrong things about her lover, and he forgave her.
On a night like this, young Lorenzo swore he loved her very much, stealing her heart with vows of love, but not one vow was true.
Imagine them locking me out on a night like this!
In a time like this, it doesn’t make sense to criticize every offense.
And yet I would have made her happy had our luck not been so bad.
In this wicked world, criminals often take the money they stole and use it to buy off the law, shoving justice aside.
I’m putting myself in God’s hands, and with his help I plan to fight against the secret plot that caused this treasonous murder.
Meanwhile, I’ll make a list of props that we’ll need for the play.
Until that happens, let me be who I am and don’t try to change me.
But in the meantime, just assume that I’m paranoid—as I’m pretty sure I am—and keep thinking she’s innocent, please.
In the high and mighty Roman Empire, just before the emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated, corpses rose out of their graves and ran through the streets of Rome speaking gibberish.
It’s the death of half the world.
Looking just like the dead king.
I met him in the street—he was there with that man.
From soldiers.
Partly to confirm my opinion and partly for the satisfaction, see, of my mind, with respect to the demands of proper military practice—that’s the point?
You don’t have more than half an hour to live.
In this recent storm.
When she is like this, besides walking and performing various activities, have you heard her say anything?
At this time of night?
Though I am not a flattering, righteous man, at least you can say that I am honest about being a villain.
Their sweet smells come from those little freckles.
Will it be in thunder, lightning, or rain?
You’re lying.
We come to hate that which controls us.
My God, it’s morning.
Actually I think I would, and then I’d undo it after I did it.
I don’t think you would.
His horse is better than the Neapolitan’s and he frowns more than the Count Palatine.
They let God see things they wouldn’t show their husbands.
You truly did.
People say he’s generous, well educated, and brave, and he’s very attractive.
For more important things, you’ll say no.
In what chapter and verse of his heart?
What part of her body is Ireland?
In what sense, my lord?
By his side lies the noble earl of Suffolk, York’s comrade and equal in brave wounds.
of patience.
Normally I would ask you what your name is first.
Brutus, you give a nice speech along with your evil strokes.
Are you down in the dumps?
You’re in your own kingdom, sir.
Go in, or we’re done for.
Innocent sweethearts, you have no idea who’s responsible for your father’s death.
Indeed, he’s not right for this.
Yes, she’s young and tender.
True, he has an excellent reputation.
He certainly is.
He certainly flattered them both with extravagant compliments.
Well, I’m not sorry to hear that, because they have always been my enemies.
I’ll never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him .
Indeed, I should have asked you before who he was.
Yes, I should know, but it disturbs me.
Indeed, it’s a strange time.
Well, sir, it’s true it came soon after.
Indeed, my lord, he is a perfectly wonderful horse.
You certainly made me believe you did, my lord.
To tell you the truth, I was just going to your house.
Well, that’s certainly out of this world, all right.
Indeed, the French can bet twenty French crowns to one that they’ll beat us, they have such an army.
It’s true, they’re inconsistent.
Indeed, they say that the senators plan to establish Caesar as a king tomorrow, and he’ll wear his crown at sea and on land everywhere except here in Italy.
Yes, but swear by my sword this time.
Oh, are you really!
Indeed?
Really?
Oh, really?
I hope poisonous swampy fog covers her face and ruins her complexion!
Claim fair England’s peace depends on this alliance.
Coward!
Old age always makes people act funny—even wise people, but fools more than anybody.
Add details of your own to back up what I’m saying.
Informed them”?
That’s him.
Ingratitude is always hideous, but an ungrateful child is uglier than a sea monster!
Bring ink and paper, Charmian.
And find a poverty stricken gentleman who I can marry straightaway to Clarence’s daughter.
Find out where the Jew’s house is.
Give a quick example.
It has leaked out that you’re hiding here.
Pretend to be very concerned about both the Prince, who has compromised his honor by making the match, and Claudio, whose reputation will be ruined by this woman who’s pretending to be a virgin.
If you interrupt this monster with one more word, I’ll beat you like a piece of salted fish.
Divide each man into a thousand, and there you will have an imaginary army.
Oh, a thousand of them, all of which I’ve forgotten.
Into my grave.
What dangers are you trying to lead me into, Cassius, that you want me to look inside myself for something that’s not there?
Dress me up in motley.
Invoke his warlike spirit and that of Edward the Black Prince, your great-uncle, who fought a tragic battle on French soil, routing the French army in full force while his mighty father stood by on a hilltop, smiling to see his son steeped in the blood of French noblemen.
Iras, I won’t see you again for a long time.
What’s going on these days?
Has it come to this?
Are you riding far?
Is it a weakness?
Is it gone?
Is it good or bad?
Could the lead one contain it?
Was it long or round?
Is it lost?
Isn’t this war against me?
Is it not enough, is it not enough, young man, that I’ll never be pretty enough to get a kind look from Demetrius?
It’s Hortensio, isn’t it?
Isn’t it completely moral to kill him now with this sword—and an easy conscience?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t that the king?
It’s pretty well done, isn’t it?
Isn’t that your habit?
Is it really possible that you could like her right after meeting her?
You’re not thinking of leaving tonight, surely?
It would be much appreciated.
Is this possible, my lord?
Are you kidding?
Is it possible?
Is this possible?
Is that possible?
Is it that aggressive?
Is that how it is, really?
Is that so?
Is that true, my lords of England?
Is it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is everyone here?
Have you forgotten all the talks we’ve had together, the vows we made to be like sisters to one another, all the hours we spent together, wishing that we never had to say goodbye—have you forgotten?
Is everything ready for that event?
Who is to blame for this: Antony or I?
Has Banquo left the court?
Are you sick?
Has Caesar gone to the Capital yet?
Is Cassius nearby?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he in his royal garments?
Has he come home yet?
Is he here?
Is he dead?
Did he get away clean?
He’s gone?
Is he married?
Isn’t he a horrible man?
Can’t he pay back the money?
Hasn’t he proven himself to be a great villain—slandering, scorning, and dishonoring my cousin?
Isn’t he here?
Isn’t he an honest man?
He’s not jealous?
Is he losing his mind?
Did God make him?
Are your men searching for him?
Is his ship sturdy?
Is he all right?
Is he enough of a man to wear a hat and grow a beard ?
He’s in his chambers now, and he’s extremely upset.
Is my ink and paper ready?
Is that a tradition?
Was it a man?
Does it mean being truthful?
Is this the kind of world where we hide our accomplishments?
Is that enough of an answer?
Has it come to this?
Richard loves neither me nor any of you.
Is it really true?
Is that how it’s going to be?
Does it really make sense, once we divide the world into three parts, that he should be one of the three rulers?
Is it because of
Is it four o'clock?
Is it now afternoon?
Is it a habit of his?
Is it “chaste in word and action”?
Is it my mother?
You say you have news that’s old?
You mean this is the whole problem, that she is shy and hasn’t said everything she means to say and do?—My lord of Burgundy, what do you have to say to this lady?
Isn’t their ingratitude like the mouth biting the hand that feeds it?
Isn’t it a pain that I can’t choose or refuse anyone, Nerissa?
Isn’t my name Hero?
Doesn’t it look like the king?
Isn’t it past two o'clock?
Isn’t it strange, Canidius, that he could cross the Ionian Sea so quickly from Tarentum and Brundusium and take Toryne?—Have you heard about this, sweet?
Is it possible for a mutt to lend three thousand ducats?” Or should I bend down low, and in a humble and submissive voice say:
Is it possible dat I sould love de enemy of France?
Is it possible that any crime could be so valuable?
Is it possible?
Is she really that wonderful?
Has it been so long?
Is that called for in the contract?
Is that how it is, countrymen?
Is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity?
Is it them?
It was just two days ago that I tripped you and beat you up in front of the king.
Is it on record that he built it, or is it just word of mouth?
Is it feasible?
Is this your good friend who’s in so much trouble?
Or was it just your whim, on your own initiative?
Is love really tender?
Is my father well?
Is Othello angry?
Is that why you’re talking so wildly?
Are my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Sex and marriage are honorable things—even for a beggar, right?
Isn’t that him on the ground?
Isn’t that him?
Isn’t that enough?
Isn’t that strange?
Didn’t I turn down the page where I left off reading?
Doesn’t the sun shine palely down on them, as though in contempt, killing their fruit with frowns?
Didn’t I buckle this well?
And you say he’s not jealous?
You agree now that we’re not imagining this, don’t you?
Isn’t this Stephano, my drunken butler?
Isn’t today the day when Hermia has to tell us her decision about whether she’ll marry Demetrius?
Don’t you think so?
Isn’t that true?
I  Isn’t this good?
Is tomorrow the 15th of March, boy?
Your husband’s mad, isn’t he?
And isn’t your husband an honorable man?
Isn’t my vest just as clean and fresh as the day I put it on?
And this is the man who has now become a god, and I’m a wretched creature who must bow down if Caesar so much as carelessly nods my way.
Has Romeo been killed, and is Tybalt dead too?
Have you given up so quickly on Rosaline, whom you loved so much?
Is she as tall as I am?
Isn’t she a well-mannered young lady?
She picks it up quick, doesn’t she?
Isn’t she proud of such a match?
Is her voice pitched high or low?
Is she as fiery a shrew as they say?
They keep up Adam’s profession.
Is Signior Lucentio at home, sir?
Is supper ready?
Is he right?
Is that his answer?
Is this my prize?
Is that chain you’re wearing the one you promised to give to me?
Is that the law?
Is that really what you meant?
Is that the naked guy?
Is that the latest we can do it?
Is that true?
Is the throne empty?
Is it that early in the day?
Is the duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire dispossessed?
Is the king awake, worthy thane?
Is the single man lucky, then?
Has the storm passed?
Is the army without a leader?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart?
Has anyone offended your Worship?
Are any ships leaving tonight?
Is there any way I could show such friendship to you?
So there’s a rift between Othello and Cassio?
Is there more work to do?
Is there anything offensive in it?
Don’t you have any respect for anything?
Is there anyone to give the bride away?
Are there magic spells that can lead young virgins astray?
Is this a dagger I see in front of me, with its handle pointing toward my hand?
What, is today a holiday?
Was that the prologue or the inscription on some wedding ring?
Is this true?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we offered to ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the family tomb of Leonato?
Is this the same Moor whom the senate considers so capable?
Is this the cure for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is that true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your idea of success?
Is your master coming?
Is your master awake?
Are you Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is the news good or bad?
Is your little pearl in there?
Is that the man?
Are Englishmen really such heavy drinkers?
Can your man keep a secret?
Are you over your ridiculous mood?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
It’s a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal.
It’s about you.
It wants you to go off with it, as if it wants to tell you something alone.
It looks better in a king than his own crown looks on him.
It starts, “Shut up.” I’ll never be able to start if I shut up.
It was just removed from from the heart of—oh, she’s dead!
The only possibility is that you’ve murdered him.
She can’t possibly have done you any wrong.
It cannot be.
That can’t happen.
It’s impossible.
I don’t believe it.
Can’t do it.
It’s coming toward me.
It’s leaping about like a frisky horse.
We used to think so too.
It sang about my crimes.
It was addressed to him, and orders must be obeyed.
It did, it did.
I would, my boy.
That’s true, my lord.
You seem like a good judge.
You’re right.
It just happens, the way gentle rain drops on the ground.
It eats and sleeps and has the same five senses we do.
Yes, it faded away when the rooster crowed.
It fell on a little western flower, which used to be white as milk but now has turned purple from being wounded by the arrow of love.
It would follow from this that the cat should stay home.
I’m amazed you got here before me.
It won’t go on.
It hangs like an old worn-out mop.
It’s terrifying.
It’s been this way ever since the first government was organized.
It has caused the downfall of many kings.
It’s driven me crazy.
It won’t annoy you like me, because it doesn’t have a voice.
It doesn’t look that way to me.
It has the mark of
It is “music with her silver sound,” because musicians have no gold to use to make sounds.
It’s “never get tired.” Oh!
He is an animal worthy of Perseus.
Healing is part and parcel of my religious vows; it is a charitable duty my order performs.
I think it’s important.
It’s a common  What?
That’s the whore’s curse, to seduce many men, but to be seduced by one.
Your eyes are playing tricks on you.
It takes a good priest to practice what he preaches.
It’s a big prize for such a small sin.
It was windy on shore too.
This story breaks my heart.
No, it’s a story.
It’s a letter from my brother that I haven’t finished reading yet.
It’s a job meant for a man, but not you.
He’s like a huge wheel on the top of the highest mountain whose spokes touch the rim of ten thousand smaller things—when it falls down the mountain, every little object goes down with it.
It’s like a monster that just grows and grows, out of nothing.
Your humor is a spicy sauce.
Yes, it’s definitely nippy.
It’s a measly little cap, a dessert crust, a plaything, a silk pie.
He mixed that poison himself.
He’s awfully proud, but his pride suits him.
I believe it won’t stop moving and stand upright till Richard wears the wreath of the realm.
Life is a story told by an idiot, full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning.
It’s a subject as worthy of endless discussion as the changing sea.
It takes a wise father to know his own child.
It’s almost morning, but I’m sure you’re not fully satisfied about what happened.
She looks like she’s washing her hands.
It is an honor that I do not dream of.
Oh, it’s as easy as lying.
It does have a back like a weasel’s.
Your daughter and son-in-law.
It’s Brabantio.
The armies have merely changed places, Titinius, because Octavius has been overthrown by noble Brutus’s forces at the very moment that Antony overthrew Cassius’s legions.
It’s worthless.
The river in Monmouth is called Wye, but the name of the other river has gone out of my head.
It’s Captain Macmorris, right?
The deal is closed.
Has it been decided that Richard will be  It’s been decided, though not yet officially announced.
The laws of Venice state that if a foreign resident directly or indirectly attempts to kill any citizen, the person he tried to kill will receive one half of the foreigner’s goods.
That’s the truth.
It’s gone.
It’s good for your fresh wound and your bloody noggin.
It’s good to grow.
I’m the one, Hamlet.
That’s not holy, it’s heresy.
It’s his handwriting, my lord, but I hope he didn’t mean what he wrote.
But it is his handwriting?
Come on, Iago.
No ship could survive this storm.
It’d be impossible for you to watch them, even if they were as horny as animals in heat and as stupid as drunks.
It’s impossible.
It is rather cold, indeed, my lord.
It is only as high as it is and moves with its own legs.
It warms my heart to encounter such a country bumpkin.
You feel love because you feel lust and you have no willpower.
It’s nobler to leap in ourselves than dawdle until they push us.
The  It’s too bad there’s more of the Moor than there ought to be.
Actually, it’s my arm.
It’s my birthday.
They are my daylight, my life.
It’s my duty, sir.
That’s my way, when I see a crab-apple.
Oh, there’s my lady!
I’ve promised them I would, and they’re expecting it.
It’s just my bad luck.
You have to wait for the appropriate time to let loose.
Since you asked, I suppose it’s not bragging to say that we are.
His virtue is not hidden.
It doesn’t need to be witty as long as it’s eloquent and imaginative.
It doesn’t matter.
Fast asleep?
The best way to be happy is to be in between.
Good idea.
It isn’t daybreak yet.
It’s not daylight.
This play isn’t right for you.
It isn’t good for your health to expose your weak body to the raw, cold morning.
It’s not friendly, and it’s not ladylike.
It wouldn’t be right for me to tell you everything I’ve seen and heard.
It’s not lost, but what if it were?
It isn’t proper for you to know how much Caesar loved you.
It is not nighttime now.
That’s not good, and no good can come of it either.
No, it would be impossible.
It doesn’t get seen enough; you should wear it in your cap, the way fools wear coxcombs.
Not explicitly, but so what?
Actually, it’s not so unusual when you think about it.
It is not courteous, you know, to assume you know my meaning before I’ve finished talking.
It’s still a long time until daybreak.
It’s nearly dinner time, and the night’s going to be wasted.
It’s two o'clock now.
It looks like you’ve offended it.
It was a total fluke that you yourself were saved.
It’s been proven that Lady Hero is innocent, that the Prince and Claudio have been utterly deceived, and that Don John—who has run away—is the source of all the trouble.
Sir, it’s shaped like itself and is as wide as it has width.
It is.
Fair enough.
Yes.
It’s arranged.
It’s some meteor coming out of the sun to light your way to Mantua.
It must be something I did accidentally.
It is the best horse in Europe.
It’s the blessed sun.
Evil can come from good, just as poisonous snakes tend to come out into the open on bright sunny days—which means we have to walk carefully.
It’s women crying, my good lord.
She’s the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It never ceases to amaze me the way people ignore the correct, traditional principles and rules of war.
It’s a green-eyed monster that makes fun of the victims it devours.
Thisbe is the lady Pyramus is in love with.
It’s the lark that sings so out of tune, making such harsh noise.
That means it’s more likely to be fake.
He’s the most stubborn dog that ever lived among humans.
Mankind’s role is to fear and tremble when the almighty gods send warning signals.
He is the prince of horses.
There must be something in the air here.
That awful, plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market.
It is my rival for Bianca.
It’s the smartest partition I’ve ever heard speak, my lord.
It means being faithful and ready to serve, just like I am for Phoebe.
It means being filled with fantasy; with passion and wishes; with adoration, loyalty, and devotion.
It means being full of sighs and tears, like I am for Phoebe.
I can’t figure it out by myself!
A sword’s too heavy for you to wear.
It’s too late.
I think it’s too rough, too rude, too rowdy, and it pricks like a thorn.
It’s true.
It blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives it.
It’s very hot.
Very humid, I can’t tell you how humid it is.
It’s true.
It is well done, and appropriate for a princess who has descended from so many royal kings.
Anyway, he is what he is.
It’s meant in good will.
It’ll be worth your while.
It is written that shoemakers and tailors should play with each others' tools, that fisherman should play with paints, and painters should play with with fishing nets.
It’s Orlando, who triumphed over both the wrestler and you in the same instant.
It’s your music, madam, from your house.
It is.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
This is  It is, my lord.
It’s all stopped.
You have the power to fix it.
It only looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
This will either make us or break us.
It may be that his antagonist is a gentleman of very high degree, quite outside of his own sphere.
I might wake you up in a while to send you on an errand to my brother Cassius.
That may be true, my lord.
You won’t be wasting your time, because I really can sing and talk to him about many different kinds of music, so he’ll be happy to have me in his service.
It might happen that these strange signs, the unusual terror of this night, and the urgings of his fortune-tellers will keep him away from the Capitol today.
It may be, it certainly may be.
That tree could be called God’s tree, since it drops such wonderful fruit.
The whole quarrel might have been resolved since then when we repaid what we stole from them—which most of our city did, for the sake of friendly trade relations.
No more than that, my lord.
It would please him very much if you would rely on his wealth and success to support you.
But action speaks louder than words, so I’ll cut short these polite words.
If you can’t answer it— Go ahead!
I have no personal reason to strike at him—only the best interest of the people.
He’ll find out soon what happened in England.
No, I’ll recite it for you right now: “de hand, de fangres, de nails—” “De nails,” madame.
We have to think about that.
In that case it’s your imagination that’s interesting, not the play.
The island must be mild, and have a temperate climate.
I invite you all aboard my ship.
Night is approaching.
In any case, our survival depends on putting together the strongest force possible.
Thank you for saying that, your Worship, but we’re just the poor duke’s officers.
It seems not.
It persuades you and discourages you.
It’s getting there.
She seemed to be trying to control her emotions, which were overwhelming her.
It seems he has taken great care to please his wife.
It would be inappropriate—dangerous, even—for me to be seen working against the Moor, as I would if I stayed.
It sounds more like you’re insulting me.
It seems to me like we’re still sleeping, still dreaming.
In that case you should sleep.
It’ll help us more than hurt us.
You’ll get a bigger reward than you ever got delivering a letter before.
I’ll call it “Bottom’s Dream” because it’s so deep that it has no bottom.
Yes, my lord.
I’ll do it.
We’ll do it.
They’ll assume that Cicero, with his sound judgment, ordered the actions.
It shall be seven o'clock before I get on my horse.
That’s how we’ll do it, then.
It will be to your advantage, because I’ll leave our father’s house and all his property to you, while I live and die a shepherd here in the forest.
It should work.
It will be hard if “Cambio” loses her.
You won’t lose any respect.
That’s not necessary.
We’ll have the barber trim it later, along with your beard.
I’m everywhere.
It’s—But he’s drowned, and these guys are devils.
Then Dobbin’s tail must be growing backward.
It’s a lucky sign, isn’t it?
The name suits your fierceness.
It’s stopped now—it must be played for some local god of the island.
It’s too much.
We heard it very clearly.
So it’s nearly the time when the ghost likes to appear.
It applies to you as much as to me, my lord.
It was a good and lucky vision.
It was about to say something when the rooster crowed.
Antony” was divided between her heart and lips.
It was a huge mistake to let old Gloucester live after we blinded him.
He’s too good to have any compassion for you.
That’s what he said.
We were somewhere where I couldn’t pick a fight with him, but I’ve decided to wear it in my cap until I see him again, whereupon I’ll give him a little piece of my mind.
It was my magic that saved you when I arrived on the island and heard you, making the pine tree open and let you out.
I just did my duty, sir.
That was my turquoise ring!
Nobody delivered it, my lord.
You abused me to my face.
It was some devil.
That sound you heard was the  It was the lark, the bird that sings at dawn, not the nightingale.
It was two o'clock when I left him, and now it’s one.
That was good planning, and you’ll sleep some more.
It usually only lasts about twenty seconds.
It was just like in real life, dark brown with silver whiskers in it.
It was yesterday, your highness.
It was.
Look, it’s waving me over again.
It’s still waving to me.
I’m tired of it, and you say you’re tired of it too.
Our country weeps, it bleeds, and each day a fresh cut is added to her wounds.
What quality is that, my lord?
It would be better to die that way than to die from being mocked, which is as bad as being killed by tickling.
How ingenious to make horseshoes out of felt.
I think it would be very hard to arrange for them to have sex while you watched.
We should definitely say something to the Moor.
If she won’t tell Benedick, someone else should.
It would be a pity to throw them away for nothing, but if it’s a matter of choosing between them and a great cause, then they’re worthless.
Lead’s too crass to hold her.
The general should be informed about this.
It’s a lot to ask of a maiden.
It will rain tonight.
Soon enough.
It’s only going to make you sad, Monsieur Jaques.
It wants us to speak to it.
I’d be as right for the job as you are, and I’d do it more easily, since I’d have good will on my side.
It would make any man as mad as a bull to be betrayed like this.
When he woke, he wouldn’t know where he was.
It’s nine o'clock.
It’s dinnertime, my lord.
It’s the wind.
That’s true, lieutenant.
Jailer, watch out for this one.
Jailer, keep an eye on him.
James Tyrrel—and your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk and Thomas Earl of Surrey will lead the horsemen and foot soldiers.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
Thank God and my horoscope!
God bless you, Mr.
God bless you for doing this.
Dear God, thank you!
By God!
I flashed about faster than lightning.
It’s obvious to everyone that you’ve tricked her, drugged her, or kidnapped her.
Let the gods judge me!
The gods know how dearly Caesar loved him!
Referee!
I bet she’s fast asleep.
Juno and Ceres are whispering about something serious.
Just as tall as my heart.
And the men resemble their English hounds in their loud, showy ferocity, too, leaving their brains behind with their wives.
Justice, find the girl!
Duke, the abbess has wronged me and I seek justice.
Kate is as straight and slender as a hazel-twig, her hair as brown as hazelnut shells, and she herself sweeter than the kernels.
his daughter, Katherine, with some insignificant, unprofitable dukedoms as her dowry.
Katherine the shrew!” That’s the worst thing you can call a young woman.
And keep yourself hidden, I command you.
Keep me balanced and sane.
Stop it, I order you.
Keep your promise, my love.
Stay warm.
You stay on the left.
Keep your word.
Stay in your cabins.
Keep your money.
Phoebe, keep your promise to marry me, and to marry this shepherd if you choose to refuse me.
Silvius, keep your promise to marry Phoebe if she refuses me.
Kent’s been banished just like that?
Kent, father, sisters!
Kent, if you want to stay alive, stop talking.
It was Kent, sir, the exiled Kent, who, after the king treated him like an enemy of the state, put on a disguise and followed his king, carrying out tasks unworthy of even a slave.
Kill Brutus and be honored by the killing.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow—but let me live tonight.
Killing men in the dark?
To kill the boys with the luggage!
Kill!
Lighten up.
Killing pigs.
Kind and dear princess!
Gentlemen, let’s go make sure Cassio’s wounds are properly dressed.—Come on, ma'am, you can tell us another story.
Kind gentlemen, I won’t forget the trouble you’ve taken for me whenever I think of this day.
Yes, kind sister.
But if it overwhelms you to look at Caesar’s wounded cloak, how will you feel, kind men, now?
Kind Tyrrel, will your news make me happy?
From now on, goodness in women, not superficial beauty, will win my heart.
He and his daughter are captured.
It turns kings into gods and men of lower rank into kings.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Don’t kneel, noble Portia.
Kneel down to the duke before he passes by the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Moron!
Knock.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
I’ll recognize him all right, I’m sure of it.
Know him?
Do I know these men who are with you?
Know that I am Brutus!
Consider how young you are, and question your feelings.
Know the glove!
You should know that when I came here I was prepared to accept your offer.
You should know this: much luck is on my side, and my enemies have happened to wreck their ship on this island.
Do you recognize this face?
Do you know any, count?
Do you know any, Hero?
Do you know whom you’re talking to?
Do you know him?
Don’t you know he has?
Didn’t you know?
Don’t you know, master, that some men’s best qualities do them in?
Do you know what Caesar intends to do with me?
When did I  Do you know where you are, sir?
Claudio, I’m telling you right to your face that you have wronged me and my innocent child.
You should know, my friends, that I have good hopes for tomorrow, and that I will lead you as if I expect victory rather than an honorable death.
You should know, my loving lord, I’ve heard that the marquess Dorset has fled to Brittany, to the earl of Richmond.
My name is Hortensio, sir.
You’d better understand that I won’t wait till I’m chained up in your master’s court, and I won’t let myself be scolded even once by dull Octavia.
Do you know Fluellen?
Do you know Captain Gower?
Do you know his plans?
Do you know anyone who would kill someone for money?
Don’t you know that I have offered these bones of mine for ransom?
Don’t you realize the duke has also banished me, his daughter?
Do you know the way to Dover?
Do you know the boy who was just speaking to me?
Don’t give up yet.
know myself!
Labio and Flavio, push our armies onward.
Lady Beatrice, have you been crying this entire time?
Amen to that, lady.
Lady, come out of the tomb.
My lady, should I lie in your lap?
Lady, did you sleep in her room last night?
My lady, will you have a dance with me?
No, he comes to be married  Lady, do you come here to be married to this count?
Dear woman, you don’t know the rules of charity.
Lady!
Laertes, I want you to hear what they say.
Last night, when that star to the west of the North Star had traveled across the night sky to that point where it’s shining now, at one o'clock, Marcellus and I— Quiet, shut up!
Last night she got no sleep, and she won’t get any tonight.
The last thing he did before sending me off, dear Queen, was to kiss—the last of many such kisses—this Indian pearl for you.
Laugh at the power of other men, because nobody born from a woman will ever harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I can’t agree on anything.
Save that kind of harsh language for your worst enemy.
Lay out the gown.
Put your hand on your heart and listen to my advice.
Turn the ship to the wind!
Lay her in the ground, and let violets bloom from her lovely and pure flesh!
Come on, let’s go at it, Macduff, and damn the first man who cries, 'Stop!
Soak your hands in blood and gore, since you have cut the thread of his life with scissors.
Be quiet and listen to me.
The dog returns to its own vomit, and the newly washed sow to its mud puddle.” You’d take anything for a mistress.
Le Roy?
Get us out of here.
Take him to my sleeping area.
Help me out of here.
Show me the way.
Take me.
Even though half of him is like a
Lead the way.
Show us the way.
Lead us, monster; we’ll follow.
You’re Lear’s shadow.
Take it to heart, Dorset.
Learn from the wise, and comprehend: the courtier’s perfume is made from cat discharge—much more disgusting than tar.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to God and her own guilt.
Leave him to my wrath.—Edmund, go with my sister-in-law.
Stop hollering, man!
Let’s listen to the moon.
Let’s go gather our jewels and money.
Leave me and do what I told you to do.
Leave me quickly.
Just give me a moment, please—only a moment.
Now leave me alone, as I said.
Leave me alone now, Iago.
If you let go of your power to attract me, I won’t have any power to follow you.
Leave you alone!
Come on, envelope, open up for me.
It sets you up for a fall.
Nonsense.
This guy has legs like a man but fins for arms!
Let me borrow a mirror.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Help me here.
Lean forward.
Give me a hand and help me off with this magic cloak.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I standing here?
Lepidus flatters both of them, as they flatter him, but he doesn’t love them, and they don’t love him.
Lepidus is red in the face.
wise and graceful as the earth is wonderful and divine.
You are lesser than Macbeth but also greater.
Because it will make you angry, and that will get me another beating.
Let them in.
How about it, Corporal Nym?
All the rest of you can leave too.
Let it be.
If you could only hear this testament—which, excuse me, I don’t intend to read aloud—you would kiss dead Caesar’s wounds and dip your handkerchiefs in his sacred blood, and beg for a lock of hair to remember him by.
Let’s have more sex in the world, since Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to him than my daughters, conceived in lawful wedlock, have been to me.
Each of you, give me your bloody hand.
Beauty is a witch whose spells can turn loyalty into passion.
Everybody may do as they please until seven o'clock tonight.
Tell every soldier to break off a branch and hold it in front of him.
I lead a charmed life, which can’t be ended by anyone born from a woman.
Let rivers flood and fiends howl for food!
Let four captains carry Hamlet like a soldier onto the stage.
Let go of his arm.
Let go of my hand.
When you see a huge wheel rolling down a hill, you shouldn’t try to hold on to it or it’ll break your neck.
Let go of him, peasant, or you die!
Let go of it!
I hope Antonio repays his loan on time, or he’ll suffer for this.
Transform your grief into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils tell me to shut me up.
Leave Hermia alone.
Hide her for a while in your house, and tell everyone that she has, in fact, died.
I’ll hide and listen in.
She’s no longer my daughter, and I’ll never see her face again.
So let her execute me.
Please allow her to do this.
Tell her.
She will be the bond that joins our kingdoms and our hearts.
Don’t let her say I kept you.
Then by all means never let her walk in public.
Have her send it to me.
She’ll confirm everything.
Let him be for a bit.
I remember he’s already occupied.
Leave him alone.
Let me at him.
Let the envoy from Antony come in.
Let him come forward.
Show him in.
Let him become Caesar!
Let him be the devil if he wants to, I don’t care.
But let him come.
Let him come in.
I won’t refuse you anything.
Let them come—I don’t care.
Let him command me, and I’ll do whatever he asks, no matter how violent.
them brothers, friends, and countrymen.
But please tell me, sir, is your marriage  Let him do his worst.
Let him run far away.
He should go up and offer his petition to Caesar now.
Let him mount the pulpit.
Tell him to greet the king of England with our sharp defiance.
But let him start off easy by killing one of us.
I’ll give him my gray horse Capilet if he forgets the whole thing.
Let him think about his own debt.
Keep him away from me!
Don’t let him leave out the color of her hair.
Kill him rather than let him leave this room.
Tell him not to send any more messengers—unless you feel like coming back to tell me how he took the bad news.
My lord, he will swear on his life that I haven’t kept a thing.—Tell the truth, Seleucus.
Let him hoist you up in front of the shouting crowds!
Let him thank me, who helped him get there.
Whoever’s a real friend should strike me dead.
Come on, tie them up.
Let’s hope his sense of shame will send him back to Rome quickly.
Be thrifty.
Husbands need to know that their wives are human beings too.
Leave it alone, you fool.
Never mind.
Show it!
Let it be a quarrel between us, if you live.
Then that’s the way it’ll be.
All right, then.
Let it be who it is.
Make it eight and eight.
Then let the rain come down.
Let your anger fall on me then, even if its sharpness pierces my heart.
Let it all go.
Let it fly out.
Let’s not, Brutus.
I don’t trust you.
I’ve gotten it dirty—ashes to ashes, and dust to dust.
Let life be short so that shame won’t last too long.
Have Lucius and Titinius guard the door.
Leave me for a bit.
Leave me alone.
Let me ask you something in private.
Leave me alone.
Tell me that I’ll marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them.
Let me be put to death.
Tell me so I can be satisfied.
Let me be captured.
Let me be your servant.
I beg you not to do this, my lord.
Let me wrap up your head, and it will feel okay in less than an hour.
In just an hour from now, Duchess of York, I’ll be saluting you as the mother of two beautiful queens.
Let me just ask her one question, and by your authority as her father, order her to answer truthfully.
Let me at her!.
And if we don’t shake hands, when I act all nice to the players it will seem like I’m happier to see them than you.
Let me deal with this.
Let me talk to you about your situation.
Let me embrace the father of Lucentio, and then we’ll journey on to see your son, who will rejoice at your arrival.
Punish me if it’s not true.
Let me enjoy my privacy.
Goodbye to you all.
As a favor to  Nope.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, or I’ll knock you on the head.
Please let me go.
Leave me alone.
Let me go.
Let me have your attention for a moment.
Give me access to them, and soon you won’t have to worry about them anymore.
I need a doctor.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me hear what Agrippa has to say.
What do you say?
Wait, let me hire him too.—Here’s my fool’s cap, a token of my gratitude.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here forever.
Let me love him because he deserves it, and you can love him because I do.
Don’t drive me crazy with curiosity, but tell me why your church-buried bones have burst out of their coffin, and why your tomb,
But don’t let me keep you from going, Cassius.
I have to do it, I have to do it.
Don’t make me wait for dinner even a moment.
Release me So I can return to my dukedom With your help.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask you a particular question.
If I can tell him that you have submitted to him sweetly, he’ll request your assistance in finding ways in which he can support you.
Let me say “amen” quickly, before the devil comes in and stops my prayer—because here comes the devil, disguised as a Jew.
Let me see them.
Let me see her.
Let me see what he looks like, so when I see another man who resembles him, I’ll know to avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let’s see, how can I
Let me see you dance.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see—what do you think about falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Horatio, tell me something.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
I want to avoid that.
Let me sit down.
Let’s go.
Let me refer to a proverb that may help you forgive these lovers: if you can’t change something, don’t cry about it.
Let me speak proudly: tell the Constable we’re only workaday soldiers.
Let me stand here until you remember your reason.
I’ll wait till his beard grows in, if you’ll just hurry up and tell me what chin that beard is on.
It’s always better to get rid of what you’re scared of than to be afraid.
I’ll tell you, Cassius, you yourself have been called greedy and been accused of giving your positions to undeserving men in exchange for gold.
Let me wipe it off first.
Let me work on him.
At least tell me where you’re going.
If I can’t have an estate by birthright, then I’ll get it by being clever.
Play some music while he chooses.
Don’t think of any beauty But the beauty of Rosalind.
Nobody like that should be trusted.
No one should have an honor he doesn’t deserve.
Don’t tempt me to suicide again.
Don’t let that lawyer ever come near my house!
Don’t let the heavens hear these chattery women abuse the Lord’s anointed king.
Don’t let the Nurse stay with you in your bedroom.
Don’t let the Danish king’s bed be a nest of incest.
Tell our top commanders that I want tomorrow’s battle to be the last we fight.
Let’s dance to “You Jerk.” You mean, “Shut up, you jerk”?
Give our officers notice of our intentions.
Don’t forget the vows we made to each other.
I can’t believe it.” The tears fell from her eyes like holy water.
If she wants to be proud, or “honest,” as she calls it, she can just marry her own pride.
Let’s send this news to Rome.
Have some of my servants take care of Malvolio.
I swear I never hated you or your father!
Let’s have explicit contracts drawn up to ensure that both sides keep their promises.
A woman should always pick an older man.
Let the Egyptians and Phoenicians go swimming.
I hope that, after I tell you my news, you will think better of me.
Abandon the person that has abandoned himself.
Let that be enough for you.
Lock him in, so he can play the fool in his own home only.
Close the garden door and leave me alone to hear his message.
Let the gods who stirred up this dreadful storm bring their enemies to light.
Let the old ruffian discover that I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, we’ll laugh at his challenge.
Blow the trumpets.
Your death would prevent that.
Let their beds be as soft as yours, and let them eat the same food as you”?
Tell them to slick down their hair, brush their blue coats, and make sure their socks match.
Let them put fear in your heart.
Hunt them down.
Let them start something.
Have them come in front of the master constable.
And in a P.S.
Have them click their heels together and don’t dare touch a hair of the master’s horse’s tail till they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Let those who would mar this fair land’s peace with treason die before they can enjoy its wealth.
Okay, bring on the play.
They should advance immediately, because I sense Octavius’s side is a bit fainthearted right now, and a sudden push would overthrow him.
What does this mean?
Let’s not fight over this fellow.
Let this evil hour be marked forever in the calendar as cursed.
Accept it in body and spirit.
Let’s embrace
So let’s join forces and get revenge.
Let’s be light-hearted.
Let’s be sacrificers but not butchers, Caius.
Give us answers.
Let’s carry him to the barracks.
Let us in so we can tie him up tight and bring him home to recover.
Let’s give a fair verdict.
Let us die honorably.
Let’s go inside and we’ll answer all your questions truthfully.
Let’s sit here on the church bench until two and then go off to bed.
Let’s go, because it’s already after midnight, and we want him on our side before daylight.
Let’s go.
Let us hear him.
Let’s hear what Antony has to say.
Tell us, Bottom.
Let’s leave him.
He’ll never follow anything that other men have started.
Let’s not get gloomy in our reminiscing, since there’s no reason for sadness anymore.
Let’s not leave him out.
Let’s stay and watch.
Let’s go offer up our lives
Let’s lay everything upon the king: our lives, our souls, our debts, our anxious wives, our children, and our sins.” I must bear responsibility for all of it.
Let us leave everything and give our vineyards to the barbarous nation.
Instead of crying, let’s keep hold of our swords and defend our fallen homeland like honorable men.
Let’s slash their backs and grab ’em like we do rabbits, from behind.
Let’s see here.
Let’s seek out some shady place where we can sit down alone and cry our hearts out.
Let’s go find that hussy, Fortune, and and mock her till she starts distributing her gifts more equally.
Prove you are worthy of your birth, which I do not doubt for a moment.
I  Let’s not break the law by starting a fight.
So we should eat and drink.
Let’s proceed to the field.
Let’s go to this great feast.
Let’s go to the king.
Let’s go inside.
Come with us, Lepidus.
Let playful people with light hearts dance.
Join your witchcraft with your beauty, and let Antony’s lust combine with both.
Forget your epilogue.
Whatever your highness commands me to do, it is always my duty to do it.
You can be married tomorrow if you want.
Let’s all sink with the king.
Leave them alone, and do the murder first.
We’ll figure out the best time and safest route to avoid being found out by my father’s guards, whom he’ll send out as soon as he discovers I’ve gone.
Let’s get dressed quickly and then meet in the hall.
Let’s call for help and get them tied up again!
Let’s carve him up like a dish fit for the gods, not chop him up like a carcass fit for dogs.
Good idea.
Let’s draw our own swords too.
But let’s follow it, and then do our dirty work afterward.
Let’s follow the old earl, and get that crazy Tom to take him wherever he wants to go.
The coroner’s inquest law.
Let’s follow them.
Let’s have one, good soldier.
Well, let’s have it, Grumio.
But let’s stop this drinking and get down to business.—God forgive our sins!—Gentlemen, let’s get down to business.
Let’s hear someone play the triangle and the sticks.
Let’s listen to him.
Let’s hear it.
Let’s be disciplined and not delay, because tomorrow is a busy day.
Take comfort.
Let’s meet as little as we can.
Let’s go greet him when he lands.
Let’s drink through midnight.
Let’s not stay here with them.
Let’s see how.
But let’s see once more what the gold one says: “He who chooses me will get what many men want.” That’s Portia!
Let’s look in his pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s fall on our swords.
Let’s stay and hear the will!
Let’s say goodbye to him.
Let’s talk.
Then let’s meet with our senior command and discuss what to do next.
It’s not safe to go near them till we get more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let’s play billiards.
Tonight let’s have plenty to eat.
Quick, let’s hide, my lord.
Yes, from Normandy.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
So don’t spend one night away from this house.
On top of her?
Let it stay in your inventory until it bankrupts you.
Now, you lie there on the path.
Lie down right there.
My God, it’s nauseating!
In bed with her?
He was in bed with— With her?
Here an angel’s lying in a golden bed.—Give me the key.
She’s been dead for some time.
Life, wealth, everything belongs to Death.
But fire also gives off light, and fire will burn you.
Bring me some light, gentlemen, I’ll bind the wound with my shirt.
Give me some light!
Get some light!
Lights, lights, get us some lights!
He’s a fool, a madman, and a drowned man.
Like medicine for a sick man.
Like her?
And so, beautiful lady, I’m standing here just like that, wondering whether all this can be true until you tell me it is.
He was like that time of year halfway between the extremes of hot and cold: he was neither sad nor happy.
I can’t let my lips say his name; “No man must know.”
Listen to my little story, and when it’s done, oh, my heart will break!
Listen a minute.
Listen to him talk about war, and you’ll hear elegant and thrilling accounts of the battles.
Listen, listen!
Listening to their frightened voices, I couldn’t reply “Amen” when they said “God bless us!” Don’t think about it so much.
Listen but don’t speak to it.
Little” again?
Live a little, be comforted a little, cheer up a little.
I could live a thousand years and I wouldn’t be as ready to die as I am now.
If you survive, I’ll live.
Live, and from now on, say a madman mercifully told you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Is he still alive, good uncle?
Is he still alive?
Dear son, you’re alive!
Well, he’s alive.
Look!
Look, here she comes!
Here I lie and will never get up again.
There’s still a stain on your cheek from an old tear that hasn’t been washed off yet.
Look, here’s the necklace.
Hey, look over there!
So, she’s in on this too!
Look, here he comes.
It has come again.
Over there, where Titinius mourns it.
Locked in her tomb.
No, who are  Long live the king!
That is the key to long-lasting love.
And when you married him and made him the master of your bed, I gave you my word that I would do everything I possibly could for him.
He stayed like that a long time.
No, longer than that.
Look behind you, my lord.
Dear gods, bless this couple, since you’re the ones who have shown us the path that led us here.
He’s laughing already!
Look, he’s approaching Caesar.
Look at Macbeth—he’s in a daze.
Look at the stars, see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks of bright gold.
Look at you, standing there in a stupor!
Look how your servants wait on you, each one ready to do whatever you command.
Do I look as pale as everyone else does, Lord Dorset?
Look at my face.
Look in the almanac.
Check the calendar and come tell me.
Look in on me, and talk with me, or I’ll attack even without a weapon.
You should look like an innocent flower, but be like the snake that hides underneath the flower.
There’s a lot to learn when a fool recites the words of a madman.
Just look at me kindly, and I’m invincible against their hatred.
Do as I say.
Watch out!
Keep an eye on her, Moor.
Look after my goods and possessions.
Take care of the lady.
Take care of the queen!
Check on your daughter, your house, your money!
Look for yourself—see the top of the cliff way up there?
This is Caesar you’re looking at.
Look what I have here.
Whatever I say, or think, or do, you’re continually contradicting it.
Whatever has already been done can’t be undone now.
Look how flushed the actor is, with tears in his eyes.
Look, here he comes.
It’s come again.
Oh, here she comes.
Here comes my little bird.
Look at them.
Look who’s coming.
Look with your ears.
Is there anything else you wish?
Look at this, here is the man—scarred, as you can see, by traitors.
Look who’s coming: a young man and an old man, having a serious talk.
Look, here comes Cassio and my husband.
Captain Macmorris, if you take my words in some way other than how they were meant, see, I’ll have to think you’re not treating me with the good will you ought to, see, since I am as good a man as yourself, both in the practice of war and in my country of origin and in other respects.
Listen, sad friends, though the gods may rebuke me, this news would make kings cry.
Listen, she loved her cousin Tybalt dearly, and so did I.
Look, sir, this is a portrait of me as I am at this particular moment.
There isn’t any kindness in the snake.
Look, and you’ll see.
Look, Don Pedro has come back for you.
Look, he’s recovering.
Look, he’s moving.
That’s a nasty garter belt.
Look, here comes someone who loves me, along with someone who loves her.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
See, now I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she comes.
Look how she rubs her hands.
Look, here’s where Cassius’s dagger pierced it.
Life’s better at
Look, look!
Look, my love, what are those streaks of light in the clouds parting in the east?
Look, Lucius, here’s the book I was searching for.
Look, sir—here it comes!
Look, sir, here comes the lady walking toward my cell.
Look, sir, I’m bleeding.
Look—they’re crying.
People don’t cry when they’re mocking someone.
Here he comes.
Look out, here she comes.
Look, here comes the woman you love.
See—I’ve sealed his fate with this mark next to his name.
Look how politely it’s pointing you to a place that’s farther away.
Look!
Sad or happy?
Does he look as bright and handsome as the day we saw him wrestling?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost the most consummate Alexas, where’s the fortuneteller you recommended so highly to the Queen?
Lord Edmund didn’t speak to your master at home?
Lord Hamlet.— Please let him be all right!
Lord Mayor, the reason we have sent— Look behind you!
If that is not granted, he reduces his requests and asks only that he be allowed to live as a private man in Athens.
You are all    Lord of lords!
Lord, how you’ve changed!
Lord, it’s glancing every which way!
Lord, may I never see a day of trouble until the day I let someone treat me like that.
Lord, Lord, she’ll be a happy woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals are!
What does it matter?
Lord,” he calls you?
Hey, if I lay down my “ Welcome, Lorenzo and Salerio.
Lorenzo, that’s for sure, and I’m also sure you’re my love—who else do I love so much?
I’m Lorenzo, your love.
Lorenzo, please take charge of the management of my house until my husband comes back.
Love cools off, friendships break up, and brothers become enemies.
Love will give me strength, and strength will help me accomplish this plan.
The only reason they don’t get punished and cured is that the disease is so commonplace that the nuthouse nurses are usually suffering from it, too.
When we’re in love, we don’t see with our eyes but with our minds.
I don’t care if you love me or not, I like the cap and I’ll have it or I won’t have any.
I bet it’s a love letter!
It was love that performed these miracles.
Love each other and be friends, like two such men should be.
Therefore, love and tongue-tied simplicity can say the most even when they’re saying the least, in my opinion.
Love?
Love’s messengers should be thoughts, which fly ten times faster than sunbeams.
Love’s not love when it gets mixed up with irrelevant outside matters.
Or else love is blind, and its best time is the night.
Lovers, moan and weep.
Lovers, it’s time to go to bed.
Your name is Lucentio, you say.
Lucentio, sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, order the commanders to have the men camp for the night.
Lucius, wake up!
Lucius, who’s that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!
Lurk out of sight.
Lysander and I are running away from here.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, say something!
Lysander, where are you going with all this?
I had to hurry to my love, beautiful Helena, who lights up the night better than all those fiery stars.
But if I shake it up a little it’ll work, because every one of those letters is in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
M”—why, that’s the first letter in my name.
Macbeth has come.
Macbeth is ripe for the picking.
Macbeth will never be defeated until Birnam Wood marches to fight you at Dunsinane Hill.
Macbeth!
If I had three ears I’d listen with all three.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and so is your noble son.
Conspiracies, fakery, betrayal, and disorder are all that’s left until we die.
Crazy” I’m calling it, since how can you say what craziness is except to say that it’s craziness?
Is he crazy with love for you?
What does she say, madam interpreter?
Madam wife, they say I’ve been dreaming or asleep for more than fifteen years.
Be a careful mother, madam, and think about your son, the young prince.
You talk to him, ma'am.
Madam, keep up hope.
Good night, madam.
Madam, good night.
He’s married to Octavia, madam.
Madam, he’s well.
Ma'am, my master’s coming.
Madam, here comes your husband.
Madam, his majesty asks for you, and for you, Duke of Gloucester, and for you, my noble lords.
Madam, how are you liking this play?
Madam, I’m here.
I accept that offer happily, madam.
Madam, I am not well.
Madam, I’ve come here to try to make you like him.
I’ll go as fast as I can, madam.
Madam, I’d rather sew my lips shut than tell a lie when my life depends upon it.
Ma'am, I’d rather— I know your lady Goneril doesn’t love her husband.
Madam, I’m a bit like you in that I can’t tolerate a tone of disapproval.
Madam, I heard her speak.
I hope not, Madam.
I will, madam.
No problem, madam.
Madam, I will.
I hope so too, Madam.
Madam, I’d better leave now.
Madam, if you can find a man to deliver the poison, I’ll mix it myself so that Romeo will sleep quietly soon after he drinks it.
Madam, tell me quickly, what day is that?
In Rome, Madam.
Madam, some actors happened to cross our paths on the way here.
Madam, madam— Antony’s dead!
No, madam.
Madam, not yet.
Madam, oh, good Empress!
He’s still sleeping, ma'am.
Madam, if I do as well as I think I’m going to do in these dangerous, violent wars, you and your relatives will have more good at my hands than you’ve ever had bad!
Madam, Count Orsino’s young messenger has returned.
Madam, there’s a young gentleman at the gate who really wants to speak to you.
Now, madam, undress and come to bed.
Madam, what should I do?
Madam, with all my heart.
And  Madam, with all my heart.
Yes, making a big fuss.
Madam, we have to go: the Prince, the Count, Signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gentlemen of the town have come to bring you to church.
Madam, that young man out there says he’s got to speak to you.
Madam, you’ve treated me badly, very badly.
Madam, you have to go to your uncle’s.
Madam, your mother wants to talk to you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Did I work to make him king for this?
Made it for me?
She didn’t ask anything?
I made you de facto rulers of my kingdom on condition that I could keep a hundred knights of my own.
You didn’t do anything else to earn this punishment?
Is it a beggar?
You’re wrong, you madman.
What a spoiled little brat.
Make a bug show of mourning for her, hang sad epitaphs up at your family’s tomb, and perform all the appropriate burial ceremonies.
Make your confession short.
Raise all the money you can.
C’mon, make an effort.
Go forward.
Let’s give them room.
Hurry up, I say.
Hurry up, or I’ll smack you on the ears with my sword before you have yours drawn.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Hurry up.
She’s crying.
Make him think you’re Sir Topas the priest.
Make it a word and a blow.
Not tonight—today.
Make sure everyone knows that.
From that cabin I’d call out to my soul.
Don’t insult me with your distrust.
Show me, or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt.
Don’t compare a woman’s love for a man with my love for Olivia.
Don’t delay.
Be quiet, be quiet.
Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
How do you know?
If you close the doors on a woman’s wit, it’ll fly out the window.
Ask me any commonsense question.
I’m going to make you a rich man.
Make sure the ones who have wronged you suffer too.
make your eyes jump out of their sockets, and your hair stand on end like porcupine quills.
Make us your agents of revenge, so we can praise you when we’re victorious!
Let’s proceed on our march to Birnam.
Stop fooling around.
Make the best use of this information you can.
Make your boasts come true, and I’ll be thrilled.
Are you sitting around in this humiliation to amuse yourself?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, have run away and fled, which makes them the prime suspects.
Malcolm!
Malvolio’s coming down the path.
Many men have sold their souls Just to view my shiny surface.
Many men would take you literally and take off with all this money.
He’s been seen there many mornings, crying tears that add drops to the morning dew and making a cloudy day cloudier with his sighs.
Good morning, my noble lord.
They’ve made many raids upon Italy—and the naval patrols go pale at even the thought of resisting them.
Many times, madam.
Many people faint when they see blood.
March to meet him at a dignified pace.
Even if we don’t fight foreign enemies, we’ll beat down these rebels at home.
March to the bridge.
Is Marcus Luccicos in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius will go by sea, but we’ll keep the bulk on land.
She said if she were interested in someone, it would be someone who looked like me.
Maria!
I served Mark Antony, who was the commander most worthy of my services.
Mark Antony is at dinner in Egypt and won’t be going outside to make war.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I’m not well, and to please you I’ll stay at home.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, take Caesar’s body.
Mark Antony, should we give the signal to attack?
Keep an eye on him.
Think about that, and about what followed afterward.
He’s trembling in his fit!
Listen to what the tyrant says.
Listen up, uncle.
Listen to me.
Listen to this.
Pay attention to the music.
Pay attention to Metellus Cimber.
Go immediately, and do exactly as I wrote down.
Listen to this, King: as soon as we sent those Irish soldiers running for cover, the Norwegian king saw his chance to attack us with fresh troops and shiny weapons.
Did you notice how the queen’s guilty relatives turned pale when they heard about Clarence’s death?
Let them marry your children!
But it’s enough.
Certainly, I did.
Sure thing, we’ll do it tomorrow morning.
And look how he’s repaid poor Clarence for his loyalty—penned him up like a pig being fattened for slaughter.
Oh, and then at the very next turn, don’t turn left or right, but turn down and around to the Jew’s house.
Indeed, before he fell down, when he realized the commoners were glad he refused the crown, he pulled open his robe and offered them his throat to cut.
I admit that in front of you, my lady, she keeps a bit quiet.
Curse my hand if it ever threatened an old man like you.
Come on, you’re being ridiculous!
Indeed I do, sir, and I’ve come to let you in on a certain problem.
To tell the truth, though, I think the duke hasn’t lost a single man, except for one who will probably be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph—I don’t know if your Majesty knows the man.
But God forbid he says no to us!
God forbid!
Why, he told me so himself, and he said he didn’t care who knew it.
Oh I hope that’s not true!
God forbid!
A wise man and a fool.
This is all quite pleasant.
Indeed, I remember it well.
Well, because I saw your niece Olivia treat the count’s messenger better than she’s ever treated me.
Alright, I will.
I wouldn’t do it for a nice ring, or fine linen, or pretty gowns or petticoats or hats.
Then I’ll tell you.
As a matter of fact, if the playwright had played Pyramus and hanged himself with Thisbe’s belt, it would have been a very good tragedy.
Your brother’s right-hand man.
Indeed, my child, at Saint Peter’s Church early Thursday morning, the gallant, young, and noble gentleman Count Paris will happily make you a joyful bride.
My uncle Clarence’s angry ghost.
Indeed, my lord.
But oops, when I let go of your hand, I let go of the biggest joke of all.
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
Really, he won it from me once before in a dishonest game of dice.
But stay calm, and don’t get carried away by rage, or I’ll think you’re not a man.
It means peace and love and a quiet life, supremacy based on reverence and profound respect, and—not to go on and on about it—everything that’s sweet and happy.
I’m helping  Indeed, sir, find something better to do and get lost for a while.
Well, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
I’ll tell you: it’s because of a law as plain as Father Time’s bald head.
Because you gave me something for nothing.
Her bottom.
Well then, sing a lullaby to your generosity: it’ll nap until I come back.
The only thing I could do with her is to use all that oil as fuel in a lamp and then use that light to run away by.
Well sir, they’ve lied; moreover, they have said things that were not true; secondarily, they are slanderers; sixth and lastly, they have falsely accused a lady; thirdly, they have confirmed things that did not in fact happen; and, in conclusion, they are lying scoundrels.
Well, my friends praise me and make me look like an idiot, while my enemies tell me straightforwardly that I am an idiot.
To invite my former boss, the Jew, to dine tonight with my new master, the Christian.
To find a husband for her sister.
Honestly, sir, we say that we are not criminals.
With a needle and thread.
Indeed, the enemy nearly took the bridge, but he was forced to retreat, and the duke of Exeter holds the bridge.
Sir, that would be me and my partner.
Indeed, Hero herself can!
That Don John had given him a thousand pieces of gold for wrongfully accusing the Lady Hero.
Indeed, you would be out if I were your mistress—if my chastity is worth as much as my wit.
Well, that one, I think, is young Petruchio.
Indeed, they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw on a crust of bread when he was two hours old.
This means we’re having some mischievous fun.
Indeed, sir, it is.
Indeed, you have wronged me, you liar.
The court has sent for us.
That’s a good point.
Excellent, very good.
I certainly will, sir.
You can hope your father isn’t your real father.
I sneeze on your manhood.
But their trick failed.
What marvelous music!
Come to think of it, I thought I felt a scab there.
Right, and well said.
Master Constable, you’re going about this all wrong.
Master Fer!
Master Malvolio?
Young man, excuse me, how do I get to the Jew’s?
Excuse me, young man, how do I get to the Jew’s residence?
I’ll bet we’re both thinking the same thing, master.
Go on, master, and I will follow you—with truth and loyalty to my last breath.
Here’s the money you wanted, master.
Master, I’m all tied up for you.
Master, if you eat with her, bring really long silverware.
Master, is this Satan’s mistress?
Master, knock hard upon the door.
Oh,  Master, master, look!
Master, master!
Master, do you really mean that?
Master, should I watch the door?
Maybe it’s a parade to welcome us to town, master.
I feel better already, and I know there’s more good advice where that came from.
Gentlemen, let go of him.
We
We’re probably a very valuable catch for these guys.
I’ll pay you for your trouble.
Two or three more lords and ladies have been married too.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
Why don’t you have a seat, your highness?
Will your Majesty grant us permission to freely express the message we’ve been asked to convey?
Can a man do it?
Maybe she’s just pretending.
Are these spirits we see before us?
Can you tell me?
I wouldn’t dream of opposing such an obviously promising idea.
Can I justifiably and in good conscience make this claim?
Do you think it would work?
Can’t I say something?
Can a person be forgiven and still keep the fruits of his crime?
Can she give that away too?
Can we go?
Can we do that?
Antonio will guarantee it, hmmm.
Maybe he’s not feeling well.
I think they want him to go home and appoint Cassio governor in his place.
Make me believe it?
Everybody knows I’m a nice piece of flesh.
Me, a penny?
My library was a large enough dukedom for me.
Me, uncle?
Do you mean the king?
Are you trying to sleep with him?
In the meantime, hold on, and be patient.
Meanwhile, we’re the ones who need you.
In the meantime I wrote to Romeo and told him to come here on this awful night to help remove her from her temporary grave when the sleeping potion wore off.
Meanwhile, thank you for your efforts.
In the meantime, think about how I can do you good and give you what you want.
In the meantime, be patient.
Crude slaves with greasy aprons, rulers, and hammers shall lift us up so everyone can see.
Meet me and Gratiano at his house in about an hour.
Meet me in a little while at the citadel.
Meet me at the palace as soon as possible.
May Egypt drown in the Nile and all good creatures turn into poisonous snakes.
Men can be masters of their fate.
Men may sleep, and when they do they may have their throats with them, and some people say knives have blades.
Clearly, men should not go out walking too late!
Men act imprudently sometimes, then realize their mistakes when they have time to think about them.
If they’re not honest, they shouldn’t look like they are!
Men who risk everything hope to make profits.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run in the streets as though it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to see things, so let them watch.
Menas, I’m not going back on shore.
Fix your example, shepherd.
Become a better
Revise your statement, or you may damage your inheritance.
Mend” me, you impertinent fellow?
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers, keep away the nightmares that plague me when I rest!
Mercutio, you hang out with Romeo.
It’s Mercutio’s relative, noble Count Paris!
Showing mercy by pardoning killers only causes more murders.
Mercy, mercy!
His military understanding is all theory, no practice.
I think a few members of the court should fetch the young prince from Wales and bring him to London to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have received these letters explaining that young Octavius and Mark Antony are rushing toward Philippi and bearing down upon us with a mighty power.
Messala, today is my birthday—I was born on this very day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
He acts like a man in love.
I don’t believe it.
I don’t think there’s anywhere I’d rather die than in the king’s company, as his cause is just and honorable.
I think I do.
Or maybe I’ve got a hankering for a bundle of hay.
I think I hear Antony call me.
I think I see my cousin Tybalt’s ghost.
Now that you are down there, you look like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb.
I feel I should recognize you and that man
To me it looks like a weasel.
Seriously, I think our clothes are as fresh now as they were the day we put them on in Africa, when we attended the marriage of the king’s daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
I don’t think a ridiculous Pyramus like that one deserves much moaning.
Sometimes I think I’m no smarter than average.
The ground feels flat to me.
A big blast of wind shook our fortifications.
I think this country is so kind that if it weren’t for
It seems to me that your voice has changed, and that your speech is more elegant than it used to be.
I think you’re my mirror, not my brother.
I think you’ve been frowning too much recently.
I think you’re more articulate.
I should think that your appetite would act like a clock (as mine does) and bring you home on its own, without the need for a messenger.
I don’t think you’ve got much of a reason to love me.
It wouldn’t let my soul find its way to air but smothered it inside my gasping body.
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more!
It was worse than being a captive in chains.
I thought the clouds were talking to me, the winds were singing to me, and the thunder, like an awful organ pipe, roared Prospero’s name.
I dreamed the souls of the people Richard murdered came to my tent and promised me victory.
I saw a thousand shipwrecks, a thousand men whom fish had gnawed to the bone, huge anchors, chunks of gold, heaps of pearls, and precious jewels—all scattered on the bottom of the sea.
I thought I had escaped from the Tower and was on a ship to France with my brother Richard, who persuaded me to leave my cabin and walk on deck with him.
Michael Cassio, lieutenant of the Moor Othello, has arrived on shore.
Goodnight, Michael.
Our shipwreck has made more women widows in Milan and Naples than there are survivors to comfort them.
It’s mine, sir.
You’re not responsible for my death and my father’s, and I’m not responsible for yours.
My ear must pull it out.
Why did you leave me alone so unkindly?
The sight made me so sick I couldn’t watch any more.
My eyes itch—is that an omen I’ll be crying soon?
My honor wasn’t given; it was only dominated.
My songbird, we have beaten them to their beds.
I’ll cry my tears for Romeo’s banishment when their tears are dry.
My letters say only seventy senators were killed, one being Cicero.
Mine wasn’t wearing a bridle.
I’d feel sorry for them, if I were human.
My fortune—like that of many of us tonight—is to go drunk to bed.
The law’s on my side.
You lying brat.
Whore, your lover’s dead now, and you’ll be going to hell soon.
Miranda.—Oh father, I’ve disobeyed you by telling him that!
Scum!
Miserable England, I foresee for you the most frightening time you have ever experienced.—Come, lead me to the block.
In emergencies you meet the strangest folks.
Don’t misunderstand me, sir.
I’m not really Litio.
Mistress and master, you’ve often asked about that lovelorn shepherd you once saw me sitting with, the one who complained about the disdainful shepherdess he was in love with.
Mistress, think about your end—beware of your death!
Mistress, both the man and his master are possessed.
Madam, hurry as fast as you can get out of my court.
What’s that supposed to mean?
Mistress, you know about that.
Mistress, I swear on my life that it’s true.
Yes, ma'am, we have.
Cheer up.
Mistress, you have to go see your father.
Mistress, your father requests that you leave your books and come help decorate your sister’s room.
Madam!
Mistress!
The muffled queen” is good.
Don’t joke about this, Enobarbus.
He’s called Modo and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
You gave money to me?
And now you’re asking for money.
Mister Challenger, the princess wants to speak to you.
Come here, monster, put some glue on your fingers, and carry away the rest of these clothes for us.
Monster, I smell like horse piss, which is making my nose pretty upset.
Monster, I’ll kill this man.
Monster, use your fingers.
Hey monster, the spirit you’ve been talking about, the one you call harmless, has been playing tricks on us.
Monstrous!
Give me the letter.
Montjoy.
You’re in a bad mood?
By the moon and stars!
Monster sweetie, be a good monster and just speak once.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
We need more help!
There’s more knocking.
More and more light.
More and more pain for us.
Here’s more insanity for us.
We’ll talk about this later.
I can’t tell you anything else.
It’s a shame that we eagles are caged up while the vultures are free to do whatever they please.
They will tell me more, because I’m determined to know the worst about what’s going to happen.
I’m awkward in my speech and I’m not a smooth talker.
It never occurred to me to imagine there was anything more to know.
Flies are healthier and more honorable and better suited for romance than Romeo.
That makes you an even bigger villain.—Well, throw him out, and have my officers seize his house and lands.
I will do more, though nothing I can do is any good since this remorse comes after the crime, asking for pardon.
It’s even stranger when an angel is so angry.
Another thing, Domitius: Antony wants to see you now.
More, please, more.
More, more, please, more.
I’ve wanted to see you for a long time now, but I sent for you so hastily because I need your help right away.
Also, he’s left you all his walkways—in his private gardens and newly planted orchards—on this side of the Tiber River.
There was no limit to what his lustful eye and savage heart would prey on.
The Bishop of Ely has fled to Richmond, and Buckingham, backed by a hardy Welsh army, is on the march.
Most powerful lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
If you’re the lady of the house, then it’s true you’re stealing your role, because what’s yours to give away is not yours to keep for yourself.
Yes, it’s true, sir.
It’s undeniable.
It’s certain.
Absolutely.
The whole time.
Cruel, cruel Death killed her.
Oh, beautiful and accomplished lady, may the heavens rain odors upon you!
Dear Duke, please listen to what I have to say.
Most formidable Queen!
What good luck!
I beg the court to deliver the verdict.
Ungodly and monstrous!
It’s a very sad day.
I have to stop you, Cimber.
Most kind messenger, tell great Caesar that through his deputy I kiss his conquering hand.
What a wise judge!
Yes, in a very gentlemanly way.
Very much so.
It’s proper that we speak first, which is why we sent our proposals ahead of us for your consideration.
Most mighty Caesar, give me some reason, so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them so.
Mighty duke, look here and see a man who’s been treated most terribly!
Mighty duke, please allow me to say something.
Most mighty sovereign, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
You would be committing a wicked sin by chiding other people for sinning, because you yourself have been a terrible sinner, as carnal in your appetites as lust itself, and all the swollen pustules of sin that you acquired in your freedom you now want to burst and shoot back into the world at large.
This is the most miserable hour of all time!
Then let Octavia dig up your face with her nails.
Oh, monstrous!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Have you heard of me, most noble Empress?
Most noble sir, stand up.
What stunning, exquisite, and unmatchable beauty—but please, tell me if you’re the lady of the house, because I’ve never seen her.
Do you recognize my voice, noble lord?
What a righteous judge!
Your highness, I want nothing more than what you’ve already offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance has escaped.
That’s uncivilized and unnatural!
You worthless man!
He did, very sincerely.
Certainly.
Most sweet lady— Oh, “sweet”!
Yes!
It’s absolutely true, so take good care of it.
Oh, he looks like a pathetic Sunday school teacher.
Welcome back!
How unbelievable!
Motley is the only thing to wear.
Driven?” Really?
fast and pray to stave off temptations.
I sincerely hope it does you good, mangy rascal.
The empire may be in danger if he’s not restrained before he reaches his full potential.
That will tell you a lot.
I must hide in the darkness for awhile.
Okay, just stay quiet.
Murder and treason!
His most horrible murder.
Murder, murder!
Murderer!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius have been punished for pulling scarves off statues of Caesar.
There’s music coming out of thin air.
Play the kind of music that puts people to sleep.
Music, listen!
Music!
Music feeds the melancholy moods of us lovers.
Must I bite?
Shouldn’t she just accept that?
Isn’t there any other rite you can perform?
Mustardseed.
break out, civil war erupts, kings are betrayed, and the bond between father and son snaps.
Mutton?
Then my love is humble.
My arm is sore.
My children would have enjoyed a better death if God had blessed you with a purer life.
My head is pounding.
This last course here is for closing up the stomach after great feasting.
Caesar, what did my stay in Egypt have to do with you?
BASSANIO Please, Leonardo, think about this  I’ll do my best.
The best thing to do is crawl under his cloak.
I couldn’t pay my debt to the Jew on the due date.
My bones want to rest after helping me up to this hour.
I’ll take comfort in my books and music, reading and practicing my instruments.
I have to ask you, as a favor, not to let on that you recognize me until the time is right.
My generosity to you is as limitless as the sea, and my love is as deep.
Good spirit!
This is unbelievable!
My brother, your uncle Antonio—just listen to this (I still can’t believe a brother could be so disloyal!
My brother Gloucester’s voice?
My brother has a daughter who looks exactly like Hero; this girl is heir to both our estates.
My brother is in heaven.
But his punishment was bitter death.
My brother didn’t use my name to justify his rebellion.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my own anger made me do it.
My brother’s servants used to be my equals.
All I can hope for now is a share of the feast.
The only thing that I’ve been entrusted with was getting you from the market and bringing you to your house, the Phoenix, for lunch.
How dare you talk about kindness or shame.
My spells are working well, my spirits are obeying me, and everything is right on schedule.
I’ll break my spells and bring them back to their senses, and they’ll feel like themselves again.
My daughter is still very young.
My child, my reason for living, wake up, look up, or I’ll die with you!
They killed my children too?
My clerk has some comforting news for you, too.
My comfort is that old age, that poor preserver of beauty, can’t make my face any worse than it already is.
By his dress I can tell he’s my countryman, but I don’t recognize him.
My countrymen— Silence!
My cousin means Signior Benedick of Padua.
Look, my cousin is whispering to Claudio that she loves him.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin’s a fool, and you are too.
My creditors are getting mean.
I curse her.
My dagger, little nephew?
My daughter married death.
My daughter told me everything.
It’s my daughter!
I believe it.
My dear lord, you know how passionately stubborn the duke is.
My dear master, my captain, my sovereign, let me say before I strike this fatal blow: farewell.
My darling Othello!
My dearest sister!
Tybalt was my dearest cousin.
My dearest relative, I’m begging you, pull yourself together.
My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.
One smile from him would repair my decayed beauty.
I take all responsibility for my decisions.
I’m just wandering, with no particular destination.
In my desperate situation, I have to act alone.
My door is locked.
I bet I’ve been wrong about myself all this time.
I couldn’t bear to obey all of your daughters' harsh orders.
It’s my duty to be quiet.
Great kings of France and England, I owe you both equal service and loyalty.
I give you my obedience and my humble service, madam.
My money’s almost run out.
My noble kinsman, welcome.
Ah, my good old friends!
I’ll smear my face with filth, put on a loincloth, make my hair matted and tangled, and face the bad weather wearing almost nothing.
My fair Bianca, bid my father welcome, while I with equal affection welcome yours.
My beautiful Rosalind, I’m only an hour late.
We’ve got to act fast, my lord of the fairies.
My falcon is now hungry and unfed and must not be given enough to eat until she comes to me, for if her hunger is satisfied, she’ll pay no attention to the bait.
Give me my fan, Peter.
My father instructed you in his will to give me a good education.
My father and mother coupled when the demonic moon was descending, and I was born under the Big Dipper, so it’s inevitable that I’m rude and oversexed.
My father’s dead, and his fortune is mine now.
My father had a daughter who loved a man in the same way that I might love you, if I were a woman.
My father’s studying hard, so he won’t see you.
No matter what you say, my father is not dead.
My father loved Sir Rowland as much as he loved his own soul, and the rest of the world shared my father’s opinion.
My father wasn’t a traitor.
Father is on the lookout.
My father—I think I see my father.
My father, led by a poor peasant?
My father-in-law lives closer to the marketplace.
By my father’s death— Your life has dishonored his death.
The death of my father, my physical weakness, the loss of all my friends, the threats of this man who’s taken me prisoner—all that would be easy for me to take, if only I could look through my prison windows once a day and see this girl.
If he has my father’s love, then that’s enough honor for me.
My father’s ghost—armed!
Pardon my crime, sovereign, but not my person.
There’s a fool sharing my bed now.
My friend, your husband, the honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me as much, and I knew it, too.
My Cesario?
My friends, listen.
My good friends, I’ll see you tomorrow.
Eros, my young friend, your captain is now just like that cloud.
Hello, sir.
My good lords, I plan to.
My noble king, my friends have informed me that Sir Edward Courtney and his brother, the haughty Bishop of Exeter, are now in  My king, the Guildfords in  My lord, the duke of Buckingham’s army— Enough, you
My gracious king.
My grandmother told me he was murdered there.
Her curses have made my hair stand on end.
I’m sorry about your daughter’s death, but I swear our accusations were true, and backed up with proof.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
My heart adores him, even though my tongue curses him.
You interpret my words in a melancholy sense, my hearty friends.
My lord!
The hour has almost come when I have to return to the horrible flames of purgatory.
The Phoenix is my house?
My husband is alive on earth, my vows of marriage are in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, and my sons' fortunes have been tossed up and down, leaving me to rejoice over their victories and weep over their losses.
My husband said she was unfaithful!
Will you be my husband, then?
My husband!
My husband?
My husband.
My trusty servant, Ariel!
The things I’m saying are fair and honest.
My friend Antonio, all I can say is thank you.
My lady told me to tell you that while she lets you stay at her house because you’re a relative, she doesn’t approve of your behavior.
My lady ordered me to deliver her letter.
It’s his wife, Lady Grey, who got him to do this.
My girlfriend has beautiful white hands, and great warriors aren’t  Ha, ha!
My lady Olivia’s inside, sir.
Lady Olivia will have you executed for not showing up.
My lady would never want to lose him.
She speaks my language!
My learned lord, kindly explain to us the legal and religious grounds for why this French Salic law either should or shouldn’t bar me in my claim.
My leg’s been cut in two.
I have time for you now, my sad daughter.
My letters say there are a hundred and seven ships.
My freedom.
Sir and madam, to make grand speeches about what majesty is, what service is, or why day is day, night is night, and time is time is just a waste of a lot of day, night, and time.
My liege, this man is a villain and a traitor, who—see, your Grace—has struck the glove which your Majesty took from Alençon’s helmet.
My lord, I know what I’m saying.
My king, they haven’t come back yet.
My liege, this was my glove.
Before you make  My lord, you could really help me out now.
My liege.
My life has run its circle.
I’d bet my life that, as young as you are, you’ve fallen in love with someone.
Iago, I’m leaving my dear Desdemona with you.
I’d rather they killed me than have to live without your love.
I won’t live long enough, and all my efforts will fail me.
Killed?
Look, my little spirit is sitting in a foggy cloud waiting for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
Now we can shout, “Congratulations, congratulations, my lord and lady!” My Lord Bassanio, and my dear lady, I wish you all the joy I can wish for.
My lord loves you.
But like I said, when she tasted the bitter wormwood on my nipple, the pretty little babe got irritated and started to quarrel with my breast.
Here comes my lord.
Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who asked for it, and deserved it too.
Bassanio, let him have the ring.
Bassanio, we’ll say goodbye for now, since you’ve found Antonio.
My Lord Constable, are those stars or suns I saw on the armor in your tent tonight?
My Lord High Constable, the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My husband is dead.
If his face changed as much as his personality has, I wouldn’t recognize him.
My husband is often like this, and he has been since he was a child.
My lord, I’ll do it right away.
My lord the ruler of Burgundy, I’ll speak to you first.
My Lord of Cambridge and my good Lord of Masham and you, my noble knight, what do you think?
Lord Gloucester has helped him leave.
My lord of Gloucester, I have suffered your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness toward me for too long.
My Lord of Norfolk— Here, most gracious king.
My lord of Orléans, and my lord high Constable, are you talking about horses and armor?
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, and you, Sir Walter Herbert, are going to stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen at a close distance.
My Lord of Warwick, a most corrupt treason—God be praised for it!—has been discovered, as plain as any you’d hope to see on a summer’s day.
My lord Sebastian, even though what you say is true, your way of saying it is tactless and comes at the wrong time.
My husband will never get a moment’s rest, I’ll keep him up at night talking about you until he runs out
Yes, what time is it?
As far as I know, sir.
Yes, from top to bottom, sir.
My lord, good morning.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he just left here.
My lord, Hamlet’s going to his mother’s room.
My lord, His Majesty wanted me to tell you that he’s placed a large bet on you.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I will help you, even if it means I have to stay awake for ten nights straight.
Sir, we came to see your father’s funeral.
I can’t, my lord.
My lord, I’d want to have the gift you promised me on your honor: the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it.
That’s what I thought too, sir.
I did, sir, but it didn’t answer me.
My lord, I don’t think I cried out.
My lord, I swear to you— Oh, don’t swear!
My lord, I have thought over the request you just made of me.
My lord, I have news for you.
My lord, I have some mementos of yours that I’ve been meaning to give back to you for a long time now.
Yes, I do, sir.
My lord, my life is as important to me as yours is to you, and it was never as precious to me as it is now.
My lord, I don’t know what’s going on, but it seems to me that your highness isn’t being treated as politely as before.
My lord, what I say may be a little confused, since I’m half asleep and half awake.
My lord, I’ll say goodbye now.
Sir, I think I saw him last night.
Convince him that he has been out of his mind—and when he says he’s out of his mind  My lord, I promise we will play our parts so skillfully that he will believe everything we tell him.
My lord, I won’t miss it.
My lord, I will give them all they deserve.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
Everyone thought it would pass then, and it probably would have had it not been for the great civil unrest and uncertainty of the time, which required the matter to be put off.
He’s in Athens, my lord.
Mark Antony heard that you were preparing to wage war on him.
My lord, most humbly on bended knee I beg you to grant me the leading of the vanguard.
My lord, my lord— I don’t want to hear any more about it.
I’ll beat him despite his fancy fencing techniques and all the practicing he does, despite his youth and manliness.
Sir, sir!
But that would ruin his reputation!
Buckingham himself has wandered away alone to who knows where.
My lord, the enemy has already passed the marsh.
My lord, when I first saw him I thought he was your daughter’s brother.
My lord, the mayor of London is here to greet you.
My lord, the queen wants to speak with you right away.
My lord, that dirty clown whom you laughed at so often is also missing.
My lord, you don’t need to apologize.
My lord, they’re waiting for you to give your daughter away to Claudio.
My lord, no one will believe this in Venice, even though I’d swear I saw it with my own eyes.
On the platform where we stand guard, sir.
My lord, we were sent for.
We won’t, sir.
My lord, what do you want?
My lord, when I arrived at their home I gave them your letter.
For God’s sake, my lord, let’s be sure to be part of the group that meets the prince.
My lord, you know I’m your friend.
Don’t ask why.
My lord, you used to like me.
Lord Hastings, will you go with me?
My lord, your noble subjects are looking for you all over the camp.
My lord, your promise of the earldom— Richmond!
My lord!
My lord?
Excuse me?
Excuse me, my lord?
My lord?
Yes, my lord?
My lord.
I love him even when he’s harsh and mean—Help me unpin this, would you?—I love even his stubbornness, his frowns, his bad moods.
I am at your service.
You are my love, my love, I think.
My love, my life, my soul, beautiful Helena!
Until you get back, Nerissa and I will live like virgins and widows.
My master’s calling me.
My master has instructed me to go to Saint Luke’s to tell the priest to be ready in case you should show up with your better half.
My master is being difficult.
My master is the great and rich Capulet, and if you don’t belong to the house of Montague, please come and drink a cup of wine.
My master is standing out in the street!
My master will be here in the morning.
My master and my lord!
It’s my master who’s not getting the reward he deserves, not me.
My master’s a total Jew.
My master’s decision.
My master’s house.
Are you all crazy?
My message is not for anyone else to hear, my lady.
It’s my men who should call me “lord.” I’m your man, your fellow.
My spirit has been as proud as each of yours, my courage as great, and my reason perhaps even better suited to bandy words back and forth and exchange frown for frown.
I changed my mind.
My thoughts were never on money.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
My mistress here lies murdered in her bed— No, heaven forbid!
My mistress showed me you in the moon and your dog and your bush.
My mistress Titania is in love with a monster.
You’ll be my wife, dearest, and I’ll serve you forever.
My mistress,” I said.
I’ve spent most of my money, and tonight I got beaten up.
But my personal motivation—and that which should move you most to sanction my departure—is that Fulvia is dead.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear sir!
The brilliant Sir Topas!
My God!
I have my naked sword out.
My name is Edgar, and I’m your father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name’s Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
You lie, you disgusting tyrant.
My belongings are on the ship already.
I should have waited to tell you my news.
Then you can hear my news, as dessert.
My niece already thinks he’s insane.
My granddaughter, with her kind aunt, the duchess of Gloucester, leading her by the hand?
My niece Olivia will notice, and let me tell you, no matchmaker in the world can get you a woman faster than a reputation for courage.
My noble brother!
Father, this isn’t easy for me.
My gallant girls!
My noble lord— What is it, Iago?
My noble lords and relatives, good morning.
My noble uncle, do you know why he acts this way?
My baby hawk?
My old bones are tired.
My old brain is troubled.
If it isn’t my old friend Grumio—and my dear friend Petruchio!
You are my other self, my oracle, my prophet, my dear brother!
My own flesh and blood turned against me!
My good qualities, my legal status as Desdemona’s husband, and my innocence will protect me.
They’ll consider you and Jessica masters of this house in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My forces are growing, and everything I know tells me it’s all coming together.
My prayers, you hussy?
Control yourself, my precious Queen, and concede that my love is true.
Right now, my pressing business calls me away.
My pretty children, both of you misunderstand me.
Yes, that’s the idea.
My plans take me a roundabout way.
My dear clever Ariel, listen carefully.
My Queen and Eros have by their brave examples beaten me to the history books.
Regan gives good advice.
All I have to do is remove it.
I can’t remember anything I’ve ever done to offend anyone.
Oh, my reputation, Iago, my reputation!
I’ll trust my determination and my hands, but none of Caesar’s men.
There’s nothing of the weak woman left in me.
My royal kinsman, are you teaching our princess English?
My royal lord, you’re not entertaining the guests.
That was when I was young and inexperienced and didn’t know what passion was.
My servant!
Very pleased to meet you, my lord.
The services I have done for the Venetian government will count for more than his complaints will.
My ships will come home a month before the money is due.
I feel sicker and sicker.
My eyesight has always been bad.
My sister would be much more offended to have her trusted messenger abused and assaulted just for carrying out her orders.—Put his legs in the stocks.
I was reminded of my son, even though I despised my son at that time.
In my soul, I believe Hero has been falsely accused.
My soul is full of sorrow.
I’m feeling very low, and I need to sleep.
My soul will keep yours company on the way to heaven.
My soul and not my child!
Please pardon our brother Clarence.
I’m wide awake.
My strength is all gone, as if in a dream.
My stomach’s a little upset.
My strange self-delusions just come from inexperience.
I’m going to ask her to let me talk to Desdemona.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet darling cries when she sees me work and tells me that such a wonderful man never performed such lowly tasks before.
I have drawn my sword.
I want my sword.
Where’s my notebook?—It’s a good idea for me to write down that one can smile and smile, and be a villain.
My story does raise that question.
It’ll be my job to talk about how Benedick is sick with love for Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, I name you all earls, the first earls that Scotland has ever had.
And so, my words and thoughts will be at odds.
My uncle?
Even my hair revolts.
They’ve recorded my crimes, and I would rather die than have to retell this shameful story.
My wickedness?
My mask is like the roof of the poor
My sword will talk for me.
I’m speaking for the king, but I look like myself.
My voice is ragged.
I must go to his house and tell his wife that he came bursting into my place like a lunatic and stole my ring.
hundred times.
My wife’s coming.
My wife was killed too?
Sailors, sir.
My mind is confused.
I’m starting to lose my mind.
I’m losing this duel of wits.
I’m coming in peace.
My words are dull.
My words would bounce her to my sweet love, and his words would bounce her back to me.
My worthy Cawdor!
My worthy lord, your noble friends miss your company.
My new master is expecting your approach.
I’m too young to remember anything like it.
I myself am the King of Naples, since I saw with my own eyes—these eyes that haven’t been dry since—my father killed in a shipwreck.
Everything I am and everything I have now belongs to you.
I have received letters that say the same.
I’ve become an enemy to my own soldiers!
Let me destroy myself, let heaven and destiny deprive me of happy hours, let day remain dark and night sleepless, and let me have nothing but terrible luck if I do not love with a pure heart, clean devotion, and holy thoughts your beautiful royal daughter.
I myself am playing the man in the moon— Well then, that’s the biggest mistake of all.
I ate with him and my sister.
Myself?
Naked in bed together, but without doing anything?
Call Cleopatra what the Romans call her.
Name him.
Tell us when you wish to get married, and may God give you joy.
Name them.
Tell me which part I’m going to play, then go on.
Nathaniel’s coat was being fixed, sir.
Your life is stretched to its limit.
Nature took Helen’s  Cleopatra’s majesty, The best of Atalanta, And unhappy Lucretia’s modesty.
Antony would easily outshine all imaginary beings.
I need people as trustworthy as you.
As wicked as I am, they were slaughtered because of me, not because of anything they did.
If you get what you want and you’re still not happy, you’ve spent everything and gained nothing.
Wicked woman, these white hairs you’re pulling off my chin will come to life and accuse you of wrong-doing.
Come on then.
Absolutely not.
No way, then, I’ll run.
I’ll get myself a fur-trimmed suit.
No, it’s certain, Iras.
I don’t care what he told you in Latin.
No, my lord, it’s been four months.
If I told you I understood Greek, I’d be lying.
If there were two men like you, pretty soon there’d be none because the two of you would kill each other.
No, if you can’t adjust to political changes, you’ll suffer for it.
Since you are a lying hypocrite, we must look after you.
No, if you’re ever late like this again, I’ll refuse to see you.
Well, if you don’t, then I’m out of here.
Yes, I want it, and I’ll get it.
No, most likely.
You mean however they dare.
No, don’t be ashamed, Cleopatra.
No, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she’s been wronged, she’s been slandered, she’s been ruined.
But he kept chattering so foolishly, talking about you in such insulting and despicable terms, that it was hard for me to restrain myself.
No, just listen to me.
Indeed, his mocking spirit has now crawled into a  Truly, it all adds up to a serious story for Benedick.
Yes, but how he adores Mark Antony!
Okay, but tonight doesn’t count.
Oh, and I know who loves him.
Did it really work?
No, you have to swear it.
Damn you for mocking me.
No, our general’s infatuation is out of control.
No, who are you talking about?
Please wait.
No, by Our Lady, I’m not such a fool to think what I please, and I don’t please to think what I can, and in fact I cannot think, even if I could think my heart right past thinking, that you are in love or that you will be in love or even that you can be in love.
No, by our Lady, I don’t think he can.
No, by Saint Jamy, I’ll bet you a penny!
I’ve heard that the pyramids build by the Ptolemies are splendid.
No, come back, Kate.
No, come on, one more time.
Listen, please, give me the necklace.
Come with me, please.
Oh, come on now, Kate.
Let’s go back to court together, but
No, don’t pause, because I
Come on, don’t quarrel with us, good old man.
I’ll see them safely married first and then hurry back to my master’s.
No, come on, don’t make me play a woman.
And, if you need to, approach the subject of me: tell them that when my mother became pregnant with the insatiable Edward, my noble father was fighting in France.
No, keep going, old man; don’t stop like that.
No, noble Romeo, you’ve got to dance.
No gentlemen, don’t get ready to go now.
Go.
Stay where you are.
No, good goose, don’t bite me.
No, don’t hit him, lieutenant!
No, Lysander.
No, my friends, don’t please fate by giving it your sorrow as well.
No, my lord, your polite words are not to the point.
No, good Sir Toby.
Don’t get wound up, my good man.
The guilty speak volumes even when they’re silent.
No, if I had power I would take world peace and throw it down to hell.
No, he has only a little beard.
If he hadn’t, we’d all be embarrassed to look at him.
And he’s rubbed himself with perfume.
No, Romeo will respond to the letter’s writer, telling him whether he accepts the challenge.
Just listen to him.
No, listen to it, Antony.
Heaven knows.
Where have  Come here, boy.
Maybe you should ask, what will you do for a husband?
I can do anything!
No, I’m sure it has, Volumnius.
The  Right.
I figure that once he’s crippled me, I’ll beg by showing off my beatings.
Sir, please, don’t be angry.
Nah, I don’t care what their
Well, no, not literally.
No, I’ve had my say.
I can’t offer her more than all I have.
Hortensio and I have given you up.
I hope not.
I don’t know.
I beg you to let me go.
No, I’m begging you now, tell me who it is.
Please, just wait a minute.
No, I’m telling you, put on this robe and beard.
Nah, I’ll never be aware of my own wit, until I break my shins on it.
It’s wrong, and I’m starting to realize I’m being cheated!
I definitely will.
No, wait.
I’m coming, don’t worry.
I’ll conjure him as if I were summoning a spirit.
No, I’ll walk right next to you, side by side.
No, I’ll help too.
I’ll never believe a madman until I can see his brains.
Well, if a moist palm isn’t a clear sign of promiscuity, then I can’t scratch my own ear.
You have more wild goose in one of your jokes than I have in five of mine.
No, if they try to lead us to harm, I will leave the dance floor at the next song.
If you’re someone who gets into fights, I’ll fight with you.
No, if you struggle with me— Just half an hour!
Even if you had your eyes, you still might not recognize me.
Yes, we get the idea.
No, it’s true, or if it’s not, I’m a villain.
It looks that way.
Yes, go ahead and moan, because you killed the sweetest, most innocent woman who ever lived!
No, leave him alone.
Don’t worry about me not swearing enough.
No, let me say some good things about you while I’m in the mood.
No, let them go.
No, let’s follow him.
Yes, probably, because I’m staying for lunch.
No–the law goes further: if anyone born in Ephesus is seen in Syracuse’s marketplaces or if anyone born in Syracuse comes to Ephesus, that man dies, and his possessions will be confiscated by the Duke, unless he can raise a thousand marks to pay the penalty and ransom himself.
Don’t bother trying to intimidate me by putting your hand on your sword.
Not good ones, please.
No, not sure ones when we’re talking about something unsure.
No, no, put your hat back on.
No, don’t throw any of it away.
No, don’t press up against me.
No, follow him now, before he divulges the prank and ruins everything.
No, you should tell him to hold his hands!
Hurry, send someone immediately!
No, she’s worse: she’s the devil’s mother, and she comes to us disguised as an easy wench.
No, stop.
No, go ahead and take my life.
No, he did not.
No, taking you away from your new marriage would be like showing a child a new coat and then not letting him wear it.
No, you shall not.
No, that’s the truth.
That’s for sure.
Yes, that’s for sure.
That’s true.
Let’s go!
But that’s not how you’re going to be.
That’s true, that’s very true.
The dust from your attending troops should have risen to heaven.
No, the man who cannot extol the virtues of my horse from dawn to dusk is not particularly clever.
No, they’re busy and as excellent as ever.
Because then I’d have to shed an ounce or two of your impudent blood.
Then she has no choice but to hate you, as you purchased her love with murder.
I guess you don’t want it.
Well, you’re a liar, then.
No, not at all— All right, all right.
So much for our plan.
No, you’re just taunting me.
We came into the world as brother and brother, so now let’s enter hand in hand—not one before the other.
No, after you.
No, it was just a dream.
Very pale, sir.
We shouldn’t expect men to be perfect, or for them to be as polite as on the weddingday.
No, we’ll all go there to bring him.
No, we’ll sneak away at supper time, disguise ourselves with masks at my house, and come back in an hour.
No, don’t cry, kind Eros.
If I ever have to ask you for something that will put your luck to the test, it’ll be something difficult and terrible.
No, I think there’s more to this than you’re letting on.
No, you have to call me Rosalind.—Sister, you’re coming?
No, you have to forget all that now.
No, we can just announce the actor’s name, and let his face show through the lion costume, and have him say something himself.
No, you don’t need to worry about us, Lorenzo.
No, you were one of Gneius Pompey’s leftovers—not to mention your other, more depraved affairs, which have somehow managed to avoid becoming the subject of vulgar gossip.
No, it would be better to speak first and kiss only after you’ve run out of things to say.
None of these deranged rascals can shake me from my profession.
If she’s lying, I pray that I never sleep again at night or wake up during the day.
Very near, and approaching fast.
Nearest his heart.”—Those are the very words.
I can see in your eyes that you’re starving.
Do you need my help?
Your request came at a time when the poisonous effects of reveling caused me to be unaware of my own actions.
Neighbors and friends, though we don’t have anyone for the bride and bridegroom’s places at the table, you know there’s nothing missing in the feast itself.
Neighbors, hello.
I can’t enjoy either of them as long as the other one’s alive.
Neither good nor bad.
Neither my husband nor the slave has returned, even though I sent the slave off running.
Neither rhyme nor reason can express how much I love her.
I will not confess it to you nor to anyone else, because there was no one else to witness her speech.
I’m neither, my lord.
No.
Nerissa’s got the right idea.
Whenever a king sighs, everyone groans.
Anger does not protect the angry well.
Never a moment of peace!
Not for a second.
Poison never came from such a sweet place.
Let’s pray that we never come into conflict like that again.
No faithful subject ever rejoiced more at the discovery of most dangerous treason than I now rejoice that I was thwarted in a damnable undertaking.
I’ve never seen a creature with a human shape who was so eager to destroy a man.
Never apologize—when the actors are all dead, no one can be blamed.
Don’t worry about that.
Poison never landed on such an ugly toad.
Never.
Their bodies may remain here in England, but their hearts are encamped on the fields of France already.
Don’t even think about refusing.
Don’t ever tell anyone what you’ve seen tonight.
Nobody ever set a gem like her in a worse setting than gold.
Don’t talk to me.
I’ve never seen him like this.
You swear never to mention what you’ve seen.
Never trust me again if I don’t.
There never was a monarch better feared and loved than yourself, your Majesty.
There has never been so black a day as today.
I never—oh, what a mistake!—revealed myself to him until half an hour ago, when I was in my armor.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
No, my lord.
If arguing makes us sweat, the real trial will turn that water to blood.
Never.
Do you have news from Verona!—What is it, Balthasar?
I’ve had news that my Nell died of the pox in a hospice.
Good news, friends.
I’ve got news, boys, the war’s over!
I have news, ma'am.
I have news from Rome, my good lord.
I have news—old news such as you never heard before!
Next month he’ll stay with us.
Cleopatra recognizes your greatness and accepts your authority.
Niece, will you take care of those things I mentioned?
He didn’t ask questions, but answered ours at length.
I can’t see ahead of me.
Night is over, and day is coming.
Nine or ten times I wanted to stab him under the ribs.
That’s “Ninus’s grave,” man.
He’s not a “master,” sir, he’s just a poor man’s son.
Even the fiercest wild animal has some touch of pity.
But he’s not better than mine.
We’re not invading England out of ambition or greed, but out of love—dear love!—and my father’s right to his kingdom.
No more foolish talk.
I had no reason, no reason.
Hero is his only child, and his only heir.
It has no fighting spirit.
Refusing to fight him at sea won’t disgrace you.
There’s no doubt that Petruchio’s got quite a catch.
No doubt the murderous knife was blunt till it was sharpened on your stony heart—you reveled in my lambs' bloody guts.
No doubt it will, my liege, if each man does his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
No epilogue, please.
When an evil thing has been lost, no one cries.
No eyes in your head til there’s money in your wallet?
Just to the Tower—I’m guessing, for the same reason you are: to salute the noble princes who are staying there.
You can’t go any further with us, sir.
I can’t go any further, sir.
You didn’t want to go then!
No other grave on earth shall hold a pair this famous.
No braver than this?
There was no harm, I’m telling you.
But in that “no hope” there are great hopes for you!
There is no jewel like Rosalind.
There isn’t a single protrusion in the castle walls where these birds haven’t built their hanging nests to sleep and breed.
I’ll be no king of England if I’m not also king of France.
No man must know.” What if this someone were you, Malvolio?
No man must know.” What comes after that?
No man born from a woman will ever defeat you.” So get out of here, disloyal thanes, and join the weak and decadent English!
No one’s life should have been entrusted to them.
There’d be no marriage?
Then it’s no surprise they had a bad influence on him.
No wonder she’s waiting to get married.
Clarence has arrived—lying, cowardly  I’m not surprised it scared you, my lord.
There’s no masquerade tonight.
It doesn’t matter where, so long as it’s not here.
It’s all right, since they left their food behind, and we’re hungry.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can cure you.
Tonight we’ll wander through the streets and observe the people.
No money, I swear.
I won’t be a soldier anymore.
There’s nothing to get upset about.
No, nothing.
Now I am no more than a woman, ruled by the same lowly passion as the maid who milks and does the humblest chores.
Not a second more.
Enough of this frivolous talk.
No more talk about killing yourself, okay?
No more of these thoughts.
Let’s not talk about it.
But maybe you don’t like mine, or his, or hers either.
No more than I do yours.
No more than my staying here in Rome might mean to you in Egypt.
Go announce that he will be executed, and tell Macbeth that Cawdor’s titles will be given to him.
No more than twenty-five.
Go ahead—say “Amen.” No more talking.
Enough, cousin.
Please don’t tell me any more.
No more about that, please.
No more, no more.
Don’t say anything else.
No more of this.
It won’t last.
There’s nothing else.
Oh, shut up.
You couldn’t find out anything about them?
Be silent and go in.
There’d be no work.
Not offensive at all.
No trouble, sir.
No one passing by?
There’s no place I’d rather die than here by Caesar, and no manner of death would please me more than being stabbed by you, the masters of this new era.
Every town and port is crawling with henchmen on the lookout, waiting to capture me.
Will no one back me up?
The humiliation is all mine.
That’s no lie.
There’d be no kingship— He wants to be king in a place with no kingship.
Not by the likes of you!
I don’t see any Thisbe.
Give me the vial.
Isn’t there a guard around?
Gentleness is the only way to go—gently, gently.
No woman’s heart is big enough to hold all my love.
It wouldn’t surprise me, my lord.
I’m not marvelous, sir, but I’m certainly a maiden.
No words can express the pain.
Don’t give it away.
Now there can only be the promise.
No, it’s not as deep as a well, or as wide as a church door, but it’s enough.
Just the weathervane moving.
No, I found it and gave it to my husband.
No, and she swears she never will.
No, Antony.
No, I’m as honest as I am Christian.
No, I swear it.
No, not at all.
No, boy.
She dropped it carelessly, and, seizing the opportunity, since I was here, I picked it up.
No, but the barber’s assistant has been seen with him.
No, just to the gates of hell, where the devil will meet me, with the horns on his head like a cuckold, and say, “Go up to heaven, Beatrice.
No, I swear on my honor, I haven’t, madam.
No, I swear by my life and soul!
Definitely not.
No, by no means.
No, I swear I’m not.
By the light of heaven, no, I would not!
No, Caesar doesn’t have epilepsy.
So, I won’t.
No, Octavius Caesar, we’ll respond to their charge.
No, Cassio wasn’t killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No Corin, since you’re old, you cannot guess—even if you were as dedicated a lover in your youth as there ever was, sighing and mooning all night long.
No, cousin, I’m going to Fife.
No, cousin, I’m crying.
No, dear Queen.
No, lovely princess.
No, you won’t die yourself, but only by proxy.
No, please don’t hate him—for my sake.
No, I won’t stay a second longer.
No.
No, my cousin, don’t wish that even one man who is now in England were here instead.
No, not at all.
No, because we shouldn’t be doing that—stuff.
No, don’t.
No thanks, my good mother.
No, great king.
Oh, he hasn’t?
No, he just gets reality completely wrong.
He’s quite simply the smartest working-man in Athens.
No, he’s an ordinary guy who ’s got a gentleman for a son, since someone would have to be crazy to let his son become a gentleman before he’s achieved that distinction himself.
No, he’s in a place worse than hell.
No, I don’t want to send your soul to hell when I kill you.
No.
No, I am a Welshman.
No, I have a commitment.
No, I don’t know you, and my lady didn’t send me to get you, and I’m not supposed to tell you to come speak with her, and your name is not Master Cesario, and this is not my nose, either.
No, please, speak seriously.
No, I swear, I don’t even know what’s in it.
I’m not.
No, I’m sure your Grace won’t be able to persuade him to try a second round, even though you couldn’t dissuade him from trying the first.
And so I said to my daughter: “Lord Hamlet is a prince, he’s out of your league.
No, I’ll be patient.
No, I’ll go find some ditch to die in.
No, I won’t give my medicine away to anyone but the sick.
No, I won’t.
No, I won’t cry any more.
Well, I won’t.
Not if you go away, there isn’t.
No, not like before.
No, indeed, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, sir.
No, there it is again.
No, it’s Casca, someone who’s going to work with us.
No, it is not possible you should love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it’s just after twelve; I heard the clock strike.
My food, my fortune, my sweetest hope, my heaven on earth, and my entrance to heaven.
No, Kate?
No, son.
No, lady.
What part of the agreement did I break?
Then I’ll know exactly what she is, just as I know what I am.
No, I don’t.
No, keep flattery for kissing the hands of those who can pay well.
No, he just smiles.
No, madam, I’m just reading an insane letter.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, ma'am.
No, add a couple more syllables.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not me.
No, my dearest love, I wouldn’t cheat you for the whole world.
No, my dear cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord.
No, my lord, that was me.
No, my lord, I didn’t see anything.
No, my lord, not me.
No, my lord, unless I could have another husband for the work week.
No, my lord.
No, I don’t, my lord.
No, he’s not.
No, my noble lord.
No, madam.
No, no, with God’s help, his son will be king.
No, no, I can’t, really.
No, no, he’s dead.
No, no, I’m as ugly as a bear, since animals that see me run away in terror.
No, no, no, no!
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they wouldn’t.
No, no, until it comes true we’ll pretend it was just a dream we had.
No, no.
No, I haven’t had lunch.
No, he didn’t get any by me.
No, none that you’re smart enough to make.
But how wonderful that she should be so fond of Signior Benedick, whom she has always appeared to hate.
Mine, neither.
You were born from a woman.
No, not a penny.
No, not at all.
No, not a bit.
No, let’s not swear an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for all of Venice.
No, not him, though his face is more handsome than any man’s, and his legs are prettier, and as for his hands and feet and body, they’re not much to speak of, and yet they’re beyond compare.
No, not too upset.
No, villain, but you didn’t work alone.
No, not until we see a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I haven’t had anything to drink.
No, please good Meg, I’ll wear this one.
No, please, save it for dinner conversation.
No, please.
No, instead I’ll go to Benedick and advise him to fight his emotions.
No, afterward.
No, it’s permanent.
But I’m ashamed to kiss, sir.
No, sir, I live by the church.
No, I said his horse is coming, with him on its back.
No, the legs and thighs.
No, sir, not at all.
No, sir, worse off.
No, sir.
No, some of it is about my child’s father.
Honestly, I can’t.
Cupid—that blind bastard son of Venus, conceived from a thought and anger, born from insanity, that blind, naughty boy who makes everyone else go blind just because he can’t see himself—let Cupid judge how deep my love runs.
No, you can’t do that until you take her hand and, in front of this friar, swear to marry her.
No, vain illusion, so intricately bound up with a king’s rest.
No, nor could the devil’s name be more frightening.
No, your words are too precious to be wasted on dogs.
No, come to my cabin.
Bad friends were.
No, to the Whitefriars monastery.
No, I didn’t, but I did every night for the past year.
No, I don’t—except as a friend.
Not really, for the truest poetry is often the most artificial.
Not really, unless you were ugly.
Honestly, no.
No, really, I don’t.
No sir, trust me, I do not.
It wasn’t the journey itself, uncle, but the troubles we encountered that made it wearisome and dull.
No, uncle, I won’t be married.
No, just help me unpin this.
No, first let’s talk to him.
No, girl!
No, he means you’ll use makeup when you’re old.
No, you’ll have to excuse me.
man’s cheeks.
No.
Oh, really?
No?
No.
No, sit down.
No, it wasn’t.
Well, I don’t.
No, absolutely not.
I did.
Noble Antony, even illness couldn’t keep me away.
Come on, noble captain.
Most noble man, will you die?
Nobody’s coming?
No one’s listening to you.
No one.
Bow to him, fairies, and curtsy to him.
No, none at all.
No one except her maid and a holy hermit.
There are only friends here.
Nobody but the fool, who’s trying to soothe the wounds in the king’s heart with jokes.
Only really cruel people can be called deformed.
You can’t blame anyone for it anyone, I say.
Nothing that you want to hear, my lord, but nothing so bad that I can’t mention it.
I don’t even know him.
These cowards manage to make fools of brave men.
Nothing that I know for sure, but a lot that I’m afraid might happen.
Nobody I care about more than myself.
No one, Brutus, no one.
That’s true, it’s your beauty’s fault.
No.
None, my lord.
Nothing.
None of us.
This forest doesn’t seem deserted when you’re here, because you are all the world to me.
No, and I didn’t hear anything either, or suspect anything at all.
It’s not good for your health, either.
Or walk either.
And love doesn’t have good judgment either—Cupid, has wings and no eyes, so he’s bound to be reckless and hasty.
And I’ve never met any men besides you and my father.
Neither the sky nor the earth have been quiet tonight.
I can’t recall where I slept last night.
I wouldn’t either, by daylight.
Me neither.
Neither would I.
And I won’t be there either.—Edmund, I’m told you’ve acted like a true son to your father.
Me too, I won’t, I swear to God.
I won’t either, sir.
Me neither, my lord.
Me neither.
Me too.
Neither will I.
Nor is it up to you, my lord.
As far as I know, he’s not even dead.
As far as I know, he’s okay and will arrive here soon.
I didn’t do anything wrong that I know of, unless it was a sin to defend myself when someone attacked me.
Then we won’t agree to his demands.
It was me, no one else.
No one here is affected by your curse, because curses are just words with no power.
Nor living ones, I hope.
And you haven’t heard any news about her in your letters?
The rain, the wind, the thunder and lightning are not my daughters.
Or ask you to leave the room?
And you won’t until the needy eat.
No stony tower, no brass walls, no airless dungeon, no iron chains can contain a strong mind.
You can’t get out of trouble by praying or crying, so don’t bother.
Neither can my accomplishments at sea.
And he’s not going to do any tomorrow.
Think about it carefully.
And you won’t tell me who you are?
I know you’ll offer nothing less than that.
We told him we wouldn’t even let him bury his men until he retreated to Saint Colme’s Inch and paid us ten thousand dollars.
And you’re not loyal, like us.
Now I am sure that eyes can’t hurt a person.
Norfolk, we’re going to have a few blows, right?
God alive!
Noses, ears, lips.
Not one drop sooner.
No, not a sad song.
It’s not a false gallop, anyway.
Nobody was hurt in the slightest.
For no man, sir.
Not at all, not at all.
I haven’t even heard a mouse squeak.
Everyone there got a little crazy and pulled some desperate stunts.
Not at all, Touchstone.
You’ll do no such thing.
Not at all!
No, you won’t get a word out of me.
Not a word.
No Duke of spineless Burgundy can take this treasure of a girl from me now.—Say goodbye to them, Cordelia, even though they’ve been unkind to you.
It’s not quite that simple.
He can’t be Fortune; he’s only Fortune’s errand boy.
Not being the worst daughter deserves some praise, I guess.
My legs may be yellow, but I don’t feel blue.
It was not Caesar’s bravery that conquered Antony but Antony’s that has triumphed over himself.
Cassio’s not dead?
I’m not dead?
I wouldn’t commit so serious a crime for anything.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
I wouldn’t do that for the whole wide world.
Not for your entire fairy kingdom.—Come, fairies, let’s go.
I don’t have the thing that makes time fly.
Not someone who doesn’t share that disposition, meaning Mark Antony.
But not the woman who scolds, anyway, I hope.
He’s not here.
I don’t love Hermia; I love Helena.
I can only do it by lying, my lord, but I can do it so secretly that no one will suspect me.
I had business that made me late.
No I don’t, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me.
No, I must let them find me.
I swear I won’t, sir.
No, not me, sir.
I didn’t, my lord.
After you, sir.
I won’t hide unless all the mist from my heartsick groans envelopes me like fog and conceals me from people’s searching eyes.
Not me.
Not in the stocks, fool.
Not if the minor ones come up first.
I didn’t tell you to get rid of one love and replace her with another.
Well, not in deed, madam, since I can’t do anything unchaste.
You’re not in love either?
Not in my house, Lucentio.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Even in hell you couldn’t find a devil worse than Macbeth.
If he stays in this country he’ll be found.
Don’t you know me still?
You don’t know my voice?
There is no life, but my love is dead!
I’m locked up in a prison and deprived of food.
I don’t want to hear you sing.
Not now, my sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You’re sharpening that knife not on your sole but on your soul, you cruel Jew.
You did—not just once or twice, but twenty times.
I don’t even have one to throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
No drugs or sleeping pills will ever give you the restful sleep that you had last night.
No, not a chance.
But I am thankful that you have found it.
I’m not sad, my lord.
You haven’t seen him since?
So, the sun won’t shine today!
He’s not sick, my lord, but he’s very upset, and his problems are serious.
You are not as happy as Macbeth, yet much happier.
Not so fast.
She is not sick, my lord, but she is troubled with endless visions that keep her from sleeping.
Not young enough to fall in love with a woman because she sings well, but not old enough to dote on a woman for any reason.
No, please, I beg your Majesty.
No, it hasn’t, my lord.
Oh, that’s not true, my lord.
No, that’s not true.
No, I’m not wound up.
Not true, not true.
You’re wrong, sir, I do care about something.
Not true.
I took their stings too, wouldn’t you say?
I will never be exhibited as lucky Caesar’s prize.
Not the Adam from the garden of Eden, but the Adam from the jailhouse.
Not that I know of.
It’s not because I don’t love you.
Not that we love words more than fighting, like you do.
Not the one I gave you, I hope.
No, that’s not it—it’s because of what happens in the marriage bed.
No, I won’t take a husband until they make men out of something other than dirt.
Not until you pass out.
And the doctors say it’s healthy to get up early— I don’t know what the doctors say.
Follow them straight to the cottage.
Not to his father’s house.
Not of killing him, because I have a warrant for it, but of being damned for killing him, which no warrant can protect me from.
And just for today, Oh, Lord, just today don’t think of the crime my father committed in seizing the crown!
Not tonight, Iago.
Ah, no.
Not very well, but I’ve met him several times.
Not us.
Not the time I saw it.
Is he attacking the heartland of Poland or some frontier?
Not from crying.
Not old enough to be a man, but not young enough to be a boy.
Aren’t you dead yet?
Not yet, cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet.” Well, the time has come.
You don’t?
But you’re a famous pirate!
Just notice.
and affection, even if it’s just an act.
Just know this before I begin: I can’t play a single note that’s worthy of note.
Nothing.
Nothing but “little” and “short”!— Why are you letting her insult me like this?
All we do is sit and sit and eat and eat.
I beg your pardon.
Nothing, except your true love for my lord.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Exactly right.
Nothing but cruel daughters could have degraded him like this.
But enough about that.
He never did anything in his whole life that looked as good as the way he died.
Now I see that you can’t call anything good except in right context.
Nothing can come between me and the fulfillment of all my hopes.
Nothing that interests me, my good lord.
Nothing is what it is.
Come on, “nothing” will get you nothing.
Nothing, but this is true.
Nothing, good sir, except to help Sir Cobweb scratch my head.
Not a bit, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
Nothing, my lord, or if I did—I don’t know what.
Nothing, my lord.
It’s nothing, my lord.
Nothing, sir, except grandchildren.
Nothing?
No.
What are you  Nothing.
Nothing.
In any case, do what you want.
Now I’ll get Cassio to do something in front of all these drunkards that will offend everyone on the island.
On a night like this a campfire in an empty field would be like the heart of a dirty old man—a tiny spark in a cold body.
Everything’s fine now.
Now any effort ruins what it attempts.
Receive all the blessings of a happy father.
Then may your daughters be cursed with all the horrible fates that await sinners!
Now all the young men of England are inspired and have stored their party clothes in the closet.
Okay, now I’m dead.
Now I’m Dromio and no longer attached to him.
Now Antony has to leave her completely.
I’m ready now to hear what my good cousin the Dauphin has to say—for I hear that the greeting you bear is from him, not the king.
You’re my lieutenant now.
Now you’re Romeo.
Now you’re sociable.
Prove that the men you call your fathers did truly conceive you.
Now, Death, you can boast that you have an incomparable girl in your possession.
Now, by St. George, my knighthood, and my crown— The first you profaned, the second you dishonored, and the third you stole.
I swear, old fools become like babies again.
Civil wounds now can heal, and peace can live again.
Now I see the blood rushing to your cheeks.
I could drink hot blood and do such terrible deeds that people would tremble even in the daylight.
Faint, fall down—if you don’t, then you’re lying about my eyes being murderers.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now I see it’s true.
Now you know the reason for the rush.
My plans are almost at their climax.
Edmund, where’s your wicked brother?
Now summon up the image of stealthy murmurs and engulfing darkness filling the wide vessel of the universe.
Goodbye, good sir.
Well there, now you’ve said it.
Follow me if you’re brave enough, and we’ll fight over Helena.
Go now, Lord Constable and all you princes, and quickly bring us news of England’s defeat.
Now from head to foot I’m as firm as marble.
Go wherever you want.
Now go to the door and stay there until I call for you.
Now, we go contentedly to freedom—not banishment.
May God in heaven bless you.
Dear gods in heaven, what’s the reason for this?
Now I’ve done a good day’s work.
Now he’s telling the story.
Now he denies it a bit, and tries to laugh it off.
He’s asking him to tell the story again.
He’s praying now.
Now he’s saying how she took him into our bedroom.
Now he’ll work himself up to a fury.
Now heaven has her.
Heaven help him!
An angel is walking on earth.
Now I’m alone.
Now I’ll stand up.
Now, I’ll begin: first, we came down a steep hill, my master riding behind my mistress— Both on one horse?
I’ve changed my mind now and partly believe in omens.
I’m killing myself with this provocative speculation . . .
Now I will have to send my humble proposal of peace to that young man.
Now I see that all three of them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me.
Whether I go ahead with them or not is completely up to you.
Now I’ll believe that unicorns exist, and that there’s a tree in Arabia where the phoenix lives.
Now I’ll tell you so you don’t have to ask.
To tell the truth, Gratiano, you’re giving your wife a valid reason to get upset.
Now, I’m very pleased with it being outdoors, but in its not being at the court, it is boring.
Now he’s ready for
Now, though, in all of Rome, there’s room for only one man.
It’s time to put our armor on.
We’ve been waiting a long time for this day.
That’s three hours since nine o'clock, but she hasn’t come back.
Now is the time when we need your help.
Now we wear the wreaths of victory on our heads.
Next time God sends out a shipment of hair, I hope he gives you a beard!
Now let me tell you, Casca, I have already convinced some of the noblest Romans to join me in an honorable but dangerous mission.
Now, let it work.
Now let me see if I can translate it.
I hope you’re strong enough to do it.
Sing us a song.
Now he lies there worth nothing, and no one is so humble as to show him respect.
Well, thank God I’m cured!
Now Margaret’s curse has fallen on our heads, for standing by and doing nothing when Richard stabbed her son.
You speak so highly of fools!
I could do it easily now.
Now I must go to the tomb alone.
So now everyone will point at me and say, “Look, there goes the wife of that comedian Petruchio—if he could be bothered to marry the pathetic thing!”
All your talents and gifts didn’t arouse as much envy from him as this one quality did, though to me it’s far from your best attribute.
Now my spells are all broken, And the only power I have is my own, Which is very weak.
Now I feel my soul leaving.
We’re close enough now.
Be convincing.
But he has to make his speeches of love to a woman who’s supposed to be his enemy.
Now grit your teeth and let your nostrils flare.
Now my friend Petruchio will help me out, presenting me to old Baptista as a schoolmaster for Bianca well-versed in music.
Now I’ll tell you the other story about my journey.
Hermia’s not holding onto me anymore.
Now she’s gone forever.—Cordelia, Cordelia, stay a while.
Come on, show me the wound that my eyes have caused.
Now, you tell me: should I feel loyal to the Moor?
Now, if that’s true—and it’s obviously true—who’s in a better position than Cassio?
Now let’s sit closely around this candle and discuss our needs.
Now that the wind is favorable, let’s board the ship.
Now all the late travellers are hurrying to reach their inns.
She trembled and shook because he stamped and swore and carried on as though the vicar were trying to put something over on him.
Now tell me how long you intend to keep her.
Now the inconstant moon has nothing to do with me.
May the evil one take me if I meant it like that!
Now they work for me.
Dressing my out-and-out wickedness in scraps of Scripture, I look like a saint exactly when I’m most like the devil.
Now let my courage prove my title as wife.
Now this is where you come in.
Now the time is right for us to speak, and we do so with imperial authority.
Now, welcome, Kate.—And let everyone bear witness that here I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now he’ll sit under a  Let’s go.
Now I’ll go inside and write out a secret order to keep Clarence’s brats out of sight and to forbid anyone whatsoever from seeing King Edward’s sons.
Now I’ll ask Cassio about Bianca, a prostitute who sells her body for food and clothes.
I’ll go to the hole to see if I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Right now I’d give a thousand
Now that you speak of paper, I remember a funny story of Hero’s.
Now this joke has turned serious.
Now, I swear, I’m so angry that I’m shaking all over.
Now, Antony, our prayers have been answered.
Tell me where you’ve stowed away my money, or I swear I’ll break that comical head of yours for goofing when I’m not in the mood.
If you’re my friend, you’ll let me see his letter.
Now, as you’re a Roman, tell me the truth.
Now, Balthazar, you’ve always been honest and faithful to me, and I trust you still are.
I love my master, and he’ll find me very hard-working.
Curse my father’s ambition!
Now, I swear by Apollo… By Apollo, King, you’re taking the names of the gods in vain.
All right, now I’m starting to lose my cool.
By all that’s holy, here comes Katherina!
My God, she can’t be a Jew, she’s too nice!
I swear to you by my virginity at age twelve, I already told her to come.
Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s me, it will be moon or star or whatever I want before I’ll travel to your father’s house.
I swear by my sword— Swear by your shield, too!
Hey, if I’d remembered something about him, I could have had a good comeback for my uncle, touching on his growth worse than he touched on mine.
I probably am too young for you.
Now, I swear by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, he will not make me a joyful bride there.
By my faith in love, I will, then.
It’s incredible—they didn’t say a word.
Now, by the world— It’s full of your ugly wrongdoings.
I like this girl!
I swear, I scorn the word.
I swear to God I’ll get revenge.
What’s up, Catesby, what does your master say?
Now, Catesby, what does your lord say to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Trebonius!
Now I’ve paid you back, Parthia, and gotten revenge for Marcus Crassus’ death.
Now, before the sun comes up and burns away the dew, I have to fill this basket of mine with poisonous weeds and medicinal flowers.
Now, Eros.
May good fortune come to you, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what have you got there?
You are welcome here, my friends.
Now I go, a jolly, thriving wooer, to marry my brother Edward’s young daughter, Elizabeth, because I know Richmond has his eye on her.
Hortensio
Now, on my life, the young child must be headed to the Tower to greet the young princes, whom she adores.
Now go ahead and tell me the rest of your story.—Please go stand farther away.
Look out, I’m on my way up.
Good Metellus, go to him now.
Please lie down and rest a while, my lord.
And who are you, good sir?
Now, good sweet Nurse—Oh Lord, why do you look so sad?
Now, herald, have the dead been counted?
I beg you, daughter, don’t make me crazy.
Now, I’ll swear to the opposite—that the pancakes were rotten, and the mustard was fine—but even so, the knight wasn’t lying.
Even if these men have escaped the law and punishment at home, they cannot escape God.
Right now you swear to me that you are a virgin; if you were a poet, I might have some hope you were lying.
If you’re a virgin, you’ll answer this question.
Look, if you love me, stay.
Seriously, though, son Petruchio, I think you have the most thoroughgoing shrew of us all.
I’ve got you now, pagan.
Now, Iras, what do you think?
Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly with us today so that we, who want peace, can live on to old age!
Now start the music, and sing the solemn hymn.
Now, my companions and brothers in exile, hasn’t experience made this simple life sweeter than a life of glittery pomp and circumstance?
Now, my dearest Queen— Please, stand farther away from me.
Now, my friendly servant, thank you.
Is it time, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what are we going to do if we find that Lord Hastings won’t go along with our plans?
Just now, my lord.
Now, Titania, wake up, my sweet queen.
Antipholus has gone insane, no question about it.
Now, noble Buckingham, seal this alliance by embracing my wife’s friends, and make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?—Oh, that miserable wretch!—You say you saw her with the Moor?—Oh, who would want to be a father?—How did you know it was her?—To think she tricked me so easily!—What did she say to you?—Get me more candles, and wake up all my relatives.
Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you getting on with my daughter?
What’s up, mister?
Now, sir, where is Claudio?
Hey, you!
Now, soldiers, advance.
Now, my sweet lord, you know how much I like you.
The next day we had our fight at sea, and you know what happened after that.
I’ll use Albany’s power and authority for now to win the war, but afterward one of the sisters—whichever one wants to—can get rid of him.
Now I say good night to your bones, Hero.
All right Ursula, as Beatrice arrives, we’ll be walking up and down this alley and speaking about nothing but Benedick.
It’s a good thing I’m like a little pot and warm up quickly, or else my lips themselves would freeze and stick to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth, and my heart would freeze in my belly, before I managed to get thawed out.
So, what’s the news on the Rialto?
So, where’s my wife?
Where’s your master?
Just now.
Nurse, give my regards to to your lady.
Nurse, where’s my daughter?
Nurse, will you come with me to my closet and help me pick out the clothes and the jewelry I’ll need to wear tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, what you say is true.
Ah, all you up in heaven!
Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony!
Oh, Antony, don’t beg us to kill you.
Oh, Antony!
Oh, Antony, you extravagantly generous man, how would you have rewarded me for serving you faithfully when you reward my badness with all of this gold!
Oh, Antony!
Oh Banquo, Banquo, the king has been murdered!
Oh, listen to me, night— Who is this?
Oh, how bitter it is that Edward—the real “true, noble prince”—should still be alive!
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Oh bloody Richard!
My heart’s as black as death.
Oh, Bottom, you’ve changed!
Your grave is gaping open, and your death is near.
Good monster!
Oh, what a wonderful new world, that has such people in it!
Oh, how brave of you!
Oh, brother Montague, give me your hand.
Oh, Brutus!
Oh, Caesar, read mine first, for my petition affects you more directly.
Oh, Caesar!
This calm submission is dishonorable and vile.
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, where did you get this?
Oh, Cassius, Brutus gave the orders too soon.
Oh, Cassius, I’ll run far from this country to where no Romans can find me.
Oh Cassius, I’m tired out by many sorrows.
Oh, Cassius, if you could only convince Brutus to join us— Don’t worry.
Oh, ceremony, only show me your value!
Oh, Charmian, I will never leave this tomb!
Cicero, I’ve seen storms in which the angry winds split old oak trees, and I’ve seen the ocean swell, rage, and foam, as if it wanted to reach the storm clouds, but never before tonight, never until now, have I experienced a storm that drops fire.
Oh, Cleopatra!
Oh Clitus!
Come here, Ventidius.
Oh friendly friar!
Oh, conspiracy, are you ashamed to show your face even at night, when evil things are most free?
Oh, Corin, I wish you could understand how much I love her!
Oh cousin, cousin!
Oh cowardly conscience, how you’re torturing me!
Oh cousin, cousin, cousin, my sweet little cousin, I wish you knew how deep in love I am.
Oh, so cruel!
Oh you damned villain!
Oh, dainty duck!
Damned Iago!
Oh Dardanius!
My God, this is unbelievably strange.
Oh, this day has turned into a disaster!
Oh, deadly sin!
Oh, he’s good at bending words around!
Oh, father, I’m taking care of your business.
Oh, Ophelia, I’m bad at poetry.
Oh, darling Phoebe, if you ever fall in love with some fresh face, then you’ll know about the invisible wounds that love’s sharp arrows can make.
If I live long enough to touch you again, that would be as good as having my eyesight back.
Oh, dear!
You stupid fool!
Oh earth, which soaks up this blood, revenge his death!
And earth!
Oh, eastern star!
What an excellent idea—he’ll soak up the wine!
An excellent motion.
Oh, what an excellent young man!
Oh, you excellent young man!
Lovely Katherine, if you will love me well with your French heart, I’m happy to hear you confess it in broken English.
Oh, Fate, come and cut the thread of my life.
O flesh, flesh, you’ve turned pale and weak like a fish.
Oh luck, luck.
Oh Friar, damned souls use the word banishment to describe hell.
If I repeated it to you, it would kill you as soon as you heard it.
Don’t make me do it, my lady.
Oh God of battles, bolster my soldiers' courage.
Oh God, did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
Oh God, Horatio, what a damaged reputation I’m leaving behind me, as no one knows the truth.
Oh God, I have a soul that predicts evil things!
Oh sweet Nurse, what news do you bring?
Oh God—who is, by the way, the best comic of them all.
Oh God!
Oh God!—Oh Nurse, how can this be stopped?
Are you this impatient?
Goneril, you aren’t worth the dust the wind blows in your face.
Oh, Antonio, I’m sorry I caused you so much trouble.
Oh, good old man, you’re a great example of that old work ethic, where people worked because it was their duty, not just for the money.
Oh, Sir Toby, stop!
Oh, you idiot!
What would you like, Laertes?
Oh, Hamlet, how far she fell!
Oh, good, a knife!
Oh, you’re so lucky!
Oh, how fortunate that horse is to have Antony on him.
It goes along with being born to greatness, but it makes you get badmouthed by every fool who only has his own suffering to care about.
O Harry’s wife, do not triumph in my sorrow!
Get out!
Oh heaven, oh earth, witness what I’m about to say, and reward me if I tell the truth!
Oh, heavenly mixture!
Oh, I wish we could unmask scoundrels like that, and give a whip to every good man to beat them senseless with!
Oh God, I wish the two of them were alive and living in Naples, as king and queen!
Oh heavens!
Oh, for Pete’s sake!
Oh, what a sad day!
A thing of no importance.
Oh, that bird from hell!
What’s this?
Oh, holy Friar, Oh, tell me, holy Friar, where is my lady’s husband?
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
Oh, it’s dreadful, dreadful, Iago!
Oh Iago!
O, this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery.
You’re as pale as your nightgown!
Never!
Have you returned smiling from the great battle for the world?
You inhuman dog!
What an irreplaceable and grievous loss!
Oh, Iras, Charmian!
Oh, Isis, that’s impossible.
Oh, Juliet, I already know about your sad situation.
Oh, Julius Caesar, you are still powerful.
Oh Lord, my spirits are tired!
Calm down, Kate.
Oh, Kate, prudish customs bow before great kings.
Sir, you need a drink.
Oh, lady, speak again.
Oh, sad day!
Oh life!
My soul is stuck to sin, and the more it struggles to break free, the more it sticks.
Oh God, Benedick will plague him like a disease!
O Lord, I could stay here all night listening to such good advice.
Oh, Lord, this makes me laugh!
It’s difficult to bring two friends together, but even mountains can be moved together by earthquakes.
Lord, how painful it was to drown.
Oh, Lord, if they were married, they’d drive themselves crazy within a week.
Oh Lord, they’re fighting!
Oh, Lord!
Oh Lorenzo, if you keep your promise to me, I’ll end this agony by becoming a Christian and marrying you.
Oh love!
Oh, madam, madam, madam!
Oh, madam, my old heart is broken, broken.
Oh Margaret, Margaret, your heavy curse has now landed on poor Hastings’s miserable head!
Oh, sirs, if I stirred your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I would offend Brutus and Cassius, who, you all know, are honorable men.
Oh, my heart, my heart is rising into my throat!
Oh my, Oh my!
Oh, no!
Oh my!
Merciful God!
Oh, mighty Caesar!
Oh, mischief has ruined our plans!
Destructive thoughts come quickly to the minds of desperate men!
Oh, my mistress, a villain has made a mockery of your love!
We spend more time seeking out the fleeting glories of this temporary world than looking to the permanent grace of God!
What a horrible world we live in!
Yes, monstrous, monstrous!
Oh, most bloody sight!
Oh, how wonderful to see you!
Oh, my dear mistress, I won’t be able to finish this work until sunset at the earliest.
Oh, unfaithful lover!
Oh, what a relief!
Oh, you evil woman!
What a horrible day!
What a horrible slut!
Oh, that most wicked fiend!
Gentle boy, good night.
Oh, my brave Emperor, this is what I call a fight!
He was my brother’s son!
Oh my Christian ducats!
Ran off with a Christian!
Oh, sir— Don’t think I’m flattering you.
My niece, you are welcome here as if you were my own daughter.
Oh, darling Orlando, it’s so hard to see you wearing your heart in a sling.
What a fool I’ve been!
Oh, dear husband, don’t believe everything you hear—or if you must believe it, don’t let it all make you angry.
Oh, my good master!
Oh, my heart!
Oh, my lord, my lord, forgive my panic!
Oh, my lord!
Oh, my poor Rosalind, where will you go?
Oh, my son, my son!
Oh, my son, what issue is that?
Oh nature, what were you doing in hell?
Oh no, my reasons are deep and as permanent as death.
Oh, noble Caesar!
Oh, don’t fight by sea, noble Emperor!
O noble English, who could take on the entire French army with only half their forces, leaving the other half to stand by, idle and laughing.
Oh, noble fool!
Oh, good judge!
Oh noble lord, consider your lineage.
Oh, noble prince, I can tell you everything about the unfortunate circumstances of this deadly fight.
Oh, noble sir!
You notorious whore!
Oh, uncle, it’s better to smile and flatter indoors where it’s dry than get soaked out here.
O, everlasting shame!
You liar, you’re turning my heart to stone, and making me call what I’ll do murder, when I had been thinking of it as a sacrifice!
Oh, lying woman!
O Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
Oh, what a sad sight!
Oh, a plague has been prevented, thank God!
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
Oh, that’s nonsense!
Oh, proud Death, what banquet are you preparing that you’ve needed to knock off so many princes at one stroke?
Oh, Pyramus, get up!
Oh Ratcliffe, I had a terrifying dream!
Oh, Regan, Goneril, your kind old father whose generous heart gave you everything—Oh, if I think about that I’ll go mad.
Oh, Regan, she’s torn me apart with unkindness, like a vulture, right here.
Why shouldn’t she take my hand, father?
Oh Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Oh, my!
Oh, royal Caesar!
Oh, rude and unthankful boy!
Oh Scotland, Scotland!
Oh, he’s like a snake disguised as a flower.
Oh Setebos, these are handsome spirits!
That’s foolish.
Oh, what a sinful thought!
No, calm down.
Get out of here quickly!
Oh sir, I accept.
Oh, sir, pardon me!
Sir, such a life with such a wife is unlikely!
Oh, sir, impetuous people learn their lessons from the consequences of their foolish actions.
Yes, sir, very well—I’m here in your orchard.
Sir, you’re old.
Oh, sir, you are too good at predicting the future.
Oh sirs, consider this: those who sent you to do this deed will hate you for doing it.
Oh, Fate, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk.
The world’s a liar.
Oh, wait, sir.
Oh, spite of spites!
Oh Stephano, do you have any more of that wine?
Oh, Stephano, two men from Naples survived!
Oh, sun, I will never see another one of your sunrises.
Oh that great, funny guy, Bottom!
Oh sweet mistress, speak!
Oh Portia, these are some of the worst words that ever stained a piece of paper.
Oh, dear gods!
Oh, these fools!
Oh, what an excellent thing this learning is!
Oh, you bloody prison, fatal and threatening to noble lords!
Oh, you stupid Moor!
You evil thief, where have you hidden my daughter?
Oh, Kent, what could I ever do to become as good as you are?
Oh, wine is the devil!
Oh, you wicked scoundrel!
Oh, you streetwalker!
Oh, I wish you’d never been born!
Oh God, whose side I think I’m fighting on, look kindly on my forces.
Oh, only time can sort out this mess.
Have you mangled my tongue so badly in these seven short years that my only son can no longer recognize my weak, sorrow-ravaged voice?
Oh, traitors, villains!
Oh, Tranio, until it happened to me, I never would have thought it possible.
Oh, this is treachery!
Oh, right, good Catesby.
Oh, Tybalt, Tybalt, he was the best friend I had.
Oh righteous God, how can I thank you enough that this meat-eating mutt preys on his mother’s children and forces her to join others in their grief!
My brave relative!
Oh, you lowlife!
Ah, revenge!
You’ve stolen both my job and my name!
Oh, you villain, villain, you damned, smiling villain!
Oh, what a villain!
Why, you scoundrel!
Oh, what evil!
Oh, what a long, tedious, exhausting night!
Oh, Mother Nature, why did you create lions?
Oh wicked wall, through which I don’t see any happiness!
Oh wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
Oh wise judge!
Oh pain!
Oh painful day, Oh painful day!
Oh, sad day!
Oh painful sympathy!
Oh, this is a painful time!
Oh painful, painful, painful day!
Oh, what a wonderful son, I can impress my mother!
Oh, this is wonderful, wonderful—just wonderful wonderful!
Oh, gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Oh, immortal gods!
Oh dear gods!
Oh, you mighty gods!
You there, sir, come here please.
Oh, young and noble Cato, have you been slain?
Oh, he’s a dangerously clever boy—bold, quick-witted, capable.
Oh, killing that child was the dirtiest, most merciless deed there ever was!
Oh, go away!
Maybe the king is sending you to the Tower to have you renamed.
Oh, but there’s one more thing to tell you.
Oh, please, I’m begging you, don’t mention him again.
Oh, chest, obey me!
Come on in, con man.
Excuse me, sir.— Tom’s chilly.
Oh, don’t injure your cousin like that!
Oh, please don’t swear, my lord of Buckingham.
Good-bye.
Don’t worry, I won’t.
Oh, that’s disgusting!
Oh, I wish I had my rosary!
Oh, forgive all my sins!
Richard, the duke of Gloucester, is very dangerous, and the queen’s sons and brothers are haughty and proud—it would be better for this ailing country if they were subjects, not rulers.
It’s your presence that draws out this blood from his empty veins.
Oh, please let me.
Oh, my good lord, don’t make me insult music again with my awful singing.
Oh, yes I am, father.
Oh, grief has transformed me since the last time you saw me.
Had the gods taken pity on us, I wouldn’t be here calling them merciless.
Oh, he’s crazy, Laertes!
Oh, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
Oh, dear God, please help him!
I feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart.
We’re overjoyed to see you sane again.
Oh, I’m dying, Horatio!
Oh, I’ll beat him up for that!
Oh, if you are the same Egeon, speak now, and speak to that same Emilia!
If you were the noblest of your family, young man, you couldn’t die more honorably.
Oh, no.
Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s wallet.
I’ve lost my name and title to a traitor.
Oh, my lady, I’m ashamed to admit it.
Oh, let her live, and I’ll ruin her manners and her beauty.
Let it go up to heaven.
Don’t do this!
Oh, let me kiss his hand!
Let me finish my curse.
Oh, dear God, don’t let me go mad!
Oh, let me speak!
Oh, let me remember what happened to Hastings and hurry to
Yes, we should get his support, for his mature presence will make others think well of us and speak out in support of our actions.
Oh, make them joyful!
Oh, my handsome nephew, I must not say that.
Oh, my lord, you once said that lazy weeds grow fast.
Oh, my old master!—Who tied him up?
Oh, my poor brother!
No, don’t even mention him.
That day will never come.
No, he loves and cherishes me.
Oh, no.
Oh, now I really need that priest who spoke to me today!
Now let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true heirs of each royal house, be joined together!
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, one child is one too many!
Oh, pardon me for bringing this bad news, but you told me it was my job, sir.
Let it end, or let me die so I won’t have to watch any more of it.
Enliven them with yours!
Oh, don’t ask me why I “need” them!
Oh, correct it completely.
Oh, this is cause for an extraordinary joy that should be engraved in gold on pillars to last forever.
Oh God, remember to hear her prayer for them, just as for us!
Give me what I deserve, and do your duty!
The woman who might have blocked you from all the murders you’ve committed by strangling you in her cursed womb.
Oh, she tears that letter into a thousand small pieces and berates herself for being so forward as to write a letter to a man she knows would mock her.
She’d laugh me right out of my body and kill me with her wit.
Oh, I’d never be that cruel.
Oh, sir, the problem goes far deeper than you realize.
Oh, sir, on her nose, which is covered with pimples, sores, and red welts.
Oh, the sixpence you gave me last Wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress?
Please spare my innocent wife and children!—Kind warden, please stay with me for a while.
Teach me to forget to think!
Oh, teach me how you look the way you do, and which tricks you used to make Demetrius fall in love with you.
Tell me, Friar, in what part of my body is my name embedded?
If only you had a clearer memory of who you are!
Oh, I wish you weren’t, you poor, frightened soul.
That must mean a sword.
Darling Kate!
If you see me without it, you can be confident I’m dead.
If so, when it’s day, where are you going to find a cave dark enough to hide your monstrous face?
Oh, I see, you will only part with lightweight presents.
So she was moved by it?
Well then, saint, let lips do what hands do.
Oh, they continually urged the king to do it.
Oh, you prophesied that the time would come when I would want your help in cursing that humpbacked spider, that hideous toad!
You who are so skilled in cursing, stay awhile and teach me how to curse my enemies.
Oh, don’t touch me.
Oh, sweet mermaid, don’t command me to drown myself in the flood of your sister’s tears.
Cruel, cruel news!
Oh, hello, father!
Oh, that arrow was well shot.
Oh, what a fall it was, my countrymen!
Since your woes are only a portion of mine, I have every reason to surpass your lamentations and drown out your cries with my own.
Oh, the things men dare to do!
Oh, what better favor can I do for you than to kill the man who killed you with the same hand that made you die young.
Oh, will you leave me alone in the dark?
Oh, are you going to leave me so unsatisfied?
I wish to God that the golden crown that I’ll have to wear were red-hot steel and burned me straight through to the brain!
Oh yes, you spoke, my lord, but total nonsense.
Protect me, my friends.
You men are rank beginners!
Oh, you’re a naughty one, encouraging double-dealing.
We’re ruined!
Thursday it is, then.
You knew that my spirit was completely under your control and that I would ignore the gods’ orders in favor of yours.
Obey your parents, keep your word, don’t swear, don’t sleep with another man’s wife, and don’t covet flashy clothes.
honor you.
Watch her.
This letter’s going to turn him into a starry-eyed idiot.
Watch his reaction.
Observe how Antony takes his defeat and how his attitude influences his actions.
Octavia has a pious, chaste, meek disposition.
Octavia weeps at the thought of leaving Rome.
Octavius, I’m older than you are.
Octavius, lead your forces slowly out to the left side of the level field.
Then take this man into your service, Octavius, for he did the final service to my master.
Anything I did to you, I did it because Sir Toby made me.
From a certain knight who swore on his honor that the pancakes he was eating were good, and that the mustard on top of them—he swore on his honor—was bad.
A snail?
Your case is most unusual, though the Venetian law can’t stop you from proceeding.— Yes, so he says.
Have you heard about Albany’s and Cornwall’s troops?
A leathermaker will last nine years.
Of all the strange things I’ve ever heard, it seems most strange to me that men fear death, given that death, which can’t be avoided, will come whenever it wants.
Tell me anything you remember.
They have fully sixty thousand fighting men.
Don’t be afraid of her company.
Its own color.
Out of love?
Of brave earls, Grandpré and Roussi, Fauconberg and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, Vaudemont and Lestrale.
Mantua.
From my kind uncle, who I know will give it to me, especially as it’s not worth much.
Don’t tone things down or exaggerate them out of hostility.
If you’re being fair, you’ll have to describe me as someone who loved too much, but who wasn’t wise about it.
Among them are one hundred twenty-six princes and standard-bearing nobles.
Oh, she’s so witty and creative!
There’s little or nothing of that.
Tell me what you did with the king’s ship, the sailors, and the other ships.
Thirty ships.
We’ll talk more about this later.—Egeus, I’m overriding your wishes.
I’ve already sent the proof in my letters.
Either we go after Pompey or he’ll come after us.
But what’s he like?
Of what
What kind of fighting cock is this?
I don’t know what you’ve done to upset him, but someone has challenged you to a duel.
How old is he?
to wage war.
Shame of what, lady?
Of what city, may I ask?
She’s a lot like you.
Off with his son George’s head!
Take it off and throw it on the ground.
Take off my armor.
You didn’t offend us, you offended the king.
Officers, what crime have these men committed?
Often I have heard of “sanctuary men,” but until now I’ve never heard of “sanctuary children.” My lord, you’ve won me over this time.
Oh, well, stay till then!
Oh ho, is that what you’re getting at?
Oh ho, oh ho!
My beautiful warrior!
Oh, please, Prince Dauphin!
Oh, I only wish I knew the name of that husband you said he predicted will have a cheating wife!
What a tedious wait!
Well done!
Master, you were so focused on the girl herself, I wonder if you missed the main point here.
Oh, yes, we could, sir.
Oh, he’s a gallant king!
Oh, it’s horrible of her.
That’s treason!
Oh, it’s a disaster, a disaster, by this hand, it’s a disaster.
Oh, it was a monstrous roar, to make the earth tremble!
This is going to be great!
No, my dear, you were a little angel who kept me going.
Oh, that’s a good wish!
Oh, a thousand times worse, a thousand times—and what a sweet personality she has!
Oh, are you here, Iago?
As faithful as flies in rotting meat, which give birth to maggots every time the wind blows.
Yes, yes, Curtis, so hurry up and start the fire.
Oh yes.
Send me away, my lord, but don’t kill me!
Try being sick, great greatness, and see if ceremony can cure you!
Oh, just see what happens after the pageantry is over!
Look, the precious Desdemona has arrived on shore.
Beware of jealousy, my lord!
Oh, what a bloody end to all this!
Brave Iago, how honest and trustworthy you are!
Oh, but I’m worried.
But she is wise.
Oh, but she’ll keep her word.
No, not at all.
Oh, by this count I’ll be many years older before I see my Romeo again.
Who did it?
Oh, Caesar, this Charmian lived until a moment ago.
Oh, come quickly!
Oh, if you could speak, I might hear you call Caesar an ass who’s been outsmarted!
Oh, I’m such a coward for living long enough to see my best friend taken before my eyes!
Oh what a curse marriage is!
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Oh, God help me!
Oh, you devil, you devil!
Oh, did he?
Oh, kill me!
Pretend that you’re standing on the shore, watching a city dance on the shifting waves, and you’ll have an idea of the look of this majestic fleet as it holds a straight course for Harfleur.
Oh, do not wish one more!
Oh do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
That’s a good one.
Oh, I’ve been murdered unfairly!
Goodbye!
Oh, goodbye!
Shame on you, you slanderer!
Go to hell, you whore!
Oh, to hell with those people!
Oh, damn, damn, damn!
Damn it!
Oh, give us permission, great king, to search the field in safety and dispose of our dead bodies.
Oh, for God’s sake.
Oh, God help me!
Oh, with his sordid desertion, he sets the example for our own.
Oh God, he’s murdered his master!
Oh, he’s acting just like Juliet, just like her.
Oh, he’s really gone.
Oh, he’s a lovely gentleman!
Oh, yes, Benedick has returned and is as cheerful as ever.
Oh, heaven help me!
Oh, heaven help us!
Then heaven have mercy on me!
Oh, heaven, how did she get out?
You don’t know a thing!
Help me!
Oh, help!
Here it is.
Oh, I’ll rest here forever.
Oh, that’s a joke made out of leather that spreads itself thin, from the width of an inch to as fat as a yard.
Oh, monster, we know secondhand clothes when we see them.— Take off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh ho!
Oh, it’s horrible, horrible, so horrible!
And how he loves Caesar!
I can’t wait to meet her!
Oh, how I love you!
Oh, I hate looking at his face now!
Oh, I’m out of breath from this foolish chase.
Oh, I’m dead!
I am dying!—My lord, you still have one eye left to see Cornwall punished.
I’m here, I’ve been destroyed by villains!
How dare I?
I could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how I will avenge them!
Oh, I could weep my soul right out of myself!
Oh, I’m dying of hunger.
Oh, I followed something I’m ashamed to look at now!
Oh, I’ve heard him talk about that brother, and he described him as the most inhumane man alive.
Oh, I’ve read that.
Oh, I suffered along with all the men I watched suffer!
If I didn’t have a good reason to do this, damn me to the very bottom of hell.
Oh, if it turns out to be true that he survived, then that storm was kind, and the ocean was full of love!
Oh, if you only knew how close to success you are, even while you make fun of what I’m telling you!
Oh, in this love, you love your child so badly, that you go mad, even though she is in heaven.
Oh, has it come to this?
Oh, is that so?
Oh, is that Kent?
Oh, it sounded like a sweet breeze blowing gently over a bank of violets, taking their scent with it.
Oh, it’s horrible, horrible.
Oh, it is my love.
I hate it when I hear a blustery actor in a wig tear a passion to shreds, bursting everyone’s eardrums so as to impress the audience on the lower levels of the playhouse, who for the most part can only appreciate loud noises and pantomime shows.
Lay me next to my mistress.
Take a few steps—I want to see you walk.
I hope heaven protects him from the weather, because I lost sight of him on the stormy sea.
Oh, let their bodies follow, my dear king, to win back what’s rightfully yours with blood and sword and fire.
Let’s get out of here.
Oh, let us be merciful anyway.
Oh, look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Oh, finish what I’ve begun.
Oh, lieutenant!
Herbs, plants, and stones possess great power.
Oh, what misery!
Help!
Oh, that’s pathetic!
Oh, I’m very scared something awful has happened.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
Oh, my bad luck has forced honest men to become traitors.
Oh, it breaks my heart to think how painful it must be for you to recall all this, things that I can’t remember.
Oh, my lord, when wisdom and passion are in one body, it’s ten to one that the passion will win.
Oh, forgive me!
But I’m overjoyed!
Hardly, Kate.
Oh no!
Oh, noble weakness!
Oh, goodbye to my peace of mind!
Oh, now you weep, and I sense that you feel pity.
He bids them good morning with a modest smile and calls
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, that’s ominous!
Oh, on my soul, my cousin has been slandered falsely!
I’ve got no hope that he survived.
You’re  Forgive me, Signior Gremio, but I’m anxious to get things moving.
Oh, quick, before I’m gone.
How excellent for Antony!
Oh, that was unbelievably low!
Oh, your report is too poetic, but it sounds so true!
Oh, say it, and mean it!
Oh, she shows the torches how to burn bright!
Oh, she’s slow!
Oh, she’s ten times nicer than her father is mean, and he’s the height of crabbiness.
Oh, she knew very well that you were acting like you were in love without really knowing what love means.
She was filthy!
She was utterly true to you!
Oh, she could sing a wild bear to sleep!
Oh,a footstep as light as hers will never endure the rocky road of life.
Tell me!
It’s a monster!
Oh, how strange!
Oh, I wish I could sleep again, so I could have another dream like that!
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, control yourself, lady!
Yes, for new lovers time passes ten times faster than for couples who’ve been married forever.
Oh, how awful that a lady who’s been rejected by one man should therefore be treated horribly by another one!
Oh, I wish I could know what will happen today before it happens!
Oh, that splendid Caesar!
Oh, wouldn’t it be great if property, rank, official positions, and other honors were earned only by merit, not by corruption?
Oh, they say that dress surpasses all others.
It’s too bad that Antony’s fault should make you look like a jerk.
I wish I could work for that lady!
A worthy fool!
Oh, I wish I was the glove on that hand so that I could touch that cheek.
Oh, if only I were a man!
Oh, I wish I were a man!
If only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection!
Oh, I remember that very clearly!
Oh, I wish she knew how much I love her.
Oh, to think that the same body that once ruled the world could now patch up a wall!
Oh, I’d kill that bastard Cassio forty thousand times if I could!
Oh, if only we had with us here ten thousand of those men back home in England who aren’t working today.
Oh, how I wish we could oppose Caesar’s spirit—his overblown ambition—and not hack up Caesar himself!
A woman who doesn’t know how to make her own indiscretions look like her husband’s fault is hardly a woman.
Do you even get what I’m saying?
Oh, if only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your frowns!
I wish your Highness knew my true feelings in this matter: I have never in my life loved my brother.
He’s like a cowardly
Good—here’s the stretcher.
Their dying shouts broke my heart!
What a man!—especially compared to my husband.
Insolent  Oh, the good gods!
Good lord!
Good heavens!
Then she was even more an angel, and you’re an even blacker devil!
Some people in the street are crying “Romeo.” Some are crying “Juliet,” and some are crying “Paris.” They’re all running in an open riot toward our tomb.
Oh, the world never saw a sweeter creature.
Oh, then I guess she was old and gentle, and you rode barelegged, like an Irish yokel.
Oh, I see.
Oh, so madmen like you are also deaf.
It’s easy to err when left to our own devices, but criticism helps us to see our faults and correct them.
Oh, then I see you’ve been with  Who’s Queen Mab?
But Lysander’s so attractive that he’s turned heaven into hell!
Oh, there’s been a lot of quarreling.
Oh, there’s the problem.
They’re more like how you would act if you were a woman telling a scary story by the fireside in front of her grandmother.
Oh, these men, these men!
Oh, but these are our friends.
But they’re siding with a better wrestler than myself.
Oh, do you think we’ll ever meet again?
Oh, that devious Egyptian spirit!
And this is why your servants hang their heads in sorrow!
Only my free will—nothing else.
I would have made it short.
You’re wise!
Oh, then you never loved as wholeheartedly as me.
Oh, you’re just going to talk about banishment again.
Oh, your contemptible lady!
My own flesh and blood rebels against me!
Oh, damn three times, damn ten times the evil man whose wicked deed deprived you of your ingenious mind.
Oh, what a villain I am!
Oh, you villain!
Oh, how stupid!
Oh, evil, evil!
Oh, was she now?
Oh, dear.
Oh, liars can look so honest!
Oh, what a mean low-life I am!
Oh, what a world this is, when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him!
Oh, sin can disguise itself so artfully!
Educated men are so impressive!
Oh, you mean when Beatrice writes a letter and Hero sees that it has “Benedick” and “Beatrice” written all over it?
Oh, where’s Romeo?
Oh, where have you led me, Egypt?
Oh, who did this thing?
Why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much?
Oh, except for the widow Dido?
Oh, the glory of war has faded.
Oh, what a horrible day!
How amazing!
It was incredible!
I’ve acted like such a villain!
Oh yes, I heard them all, and more, too.
And yet I still regret the anger that drove me to kill them.
You and I have heard our fathers talk of another Brutus—your ancestor—who would’ve let the devil himself reign in his Roman Republic before he let a king rule.
Oh, you men are made of stone!
Malvolio, your vanity is damaging your good taste.
Oh!
Still the same old Cassius!
I like doing things the old-fashioned way.
I grow old, and all dignity has been thrashed out of me.
I can’t blame you, old lord.
Old Montague is here, and he’s waving his sword around just to make me mad.
I’ve only made it this far since I left her place, walking at a moderate pace.
In an instant we were separated from them, as if in a dream, and brought here in a daze.
Pretty, Cupid-like boys stood on either side of her, smiling and cooling her with multicolored fans, which seemed to fan the flames in her cheeks even as they cooled them, undoing what they did.
But you’re not down and out, either, are you?
God forbid that I snatch the crown from him.
On me, though I am limping and deformed?
On me, though I am barely half the man that Edward was?
No more, please.
It’s on such a high tide that we’re now floating, and we must take the current when it is offered, or lose our campaign.
Sleep well there on the ground.
It’s after six o'clock, my lord, when you said our work would be finished.
Even their clothes are unstained, and look fresher than before the storm.
On Thursday, sir?
I order you to stop!
Answer me.
Or Tuesday noon or at night, or Wednesday morning.
Why do I have to do that?
God knows why, but your mother and your brother have taken sanctuary in Westminster Abbey.
Onward, lover boys!
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, you noblest Englishmen, descended as you are from battle-tested fathers, fathers who, like so many Alexander the Greats, have fought in these regions from morning until night, sheathing their swords only when there was no one left to fight.
To the field!
Go on.
Let’s move again, my friends.
Attack the breach in the city wall once more, dear friends, attack it once more—or else let’s close it up with English corpses.
Again, goodbye.
Cesario, go visit that cruel Olivia one more time.
Again, good night, kind lords and gentlemen.
Once again, what’s the news?
One of us will stay and stand guard.
Angelo, the jeweler.
One servant cried, “God bless us!” and the other replied, “Amen,” as if they had seen my bloody hands.
A drunkard or a corpse?
You don’t know how quickly affection can be killed with a single nasty word.
The first drink makes him a fool, the second makes him crazy, and the third drowns him.
Someone who was always near you.
One face, one voice, one way of dressing, but two people!
A woman more beautiful than the one I love?
A messenger from Lord Stanley.
We’ll have one heart, one bed, two bodies, and one faithful vow.
And as surely as I am alive, I am a virgin.
Every second you delay is as long and dull as a journey to South Seas.
Killing him once is not enough revenge.
Give me one kiss, and I’ll go down.
Someone knocks.
Somebody’s knocking.
Someone whose mood is as foul as the weather, very troubled.
He sent a messenger ahead of him who arrived here so out of breath that he could barely speak his message.
One of your tears is worth everything that was won and lost.
One creditor showed me a ring he got from your daughter in exchange for a monkey.
One of these three boxes contains her lovely picture.
Now he’s a little crooked.
I loved one speech in particular.
With one cut you can be through paying money to Naples.
A man old Frederick, your father, loves.
One last thing, and this is up to you.
One weakness led to another, to make me hate myself.
Did he lose his other eye?
Here’s the water, right?
If you say one more word, I’ll punish you, maybe even hate you.
One more thing, good gentlemen.
Just a moment.
One more thing, sir.
He looks like he just recently stopped breastfeeding.
I’m a man, my lady, that God has made for himself to ruin.
Where are my slippers?
In fact, I’d do even more to him than what you’ve heard him promise to do.
One?
That was one hit.
But just be patient until we’ve calmed the masses, who are beside themselves with fear.
But as for this ring, please excuse me.
I spoke angry, foul words to him, and with that I will kiss you.
Just let me follow behind you, even though I’m not good enough for you.
Except that he has not yet agreed to address you in this form and with this title—in French,  And even this I’m willing to grant if you request it.
I just beg death to wait awhile, until I place the last of our many thousands of kisses on your lips.
All I’m saying is that strange things have been going on.
I’d rather die.
In this world, I’m only taking up space.
I was the only one who refused to give back what I stole.
Only the adulterous and abominable Antony abandons you, giving his power to a whore who turns that power against us.
I can only say this about her: if she looked different than she does, she would be ugly, and since she can’t be anything but herself, I don’t like her.
That’s all I want, and I’ll do anything to accomplish it.
Open it and read it.
Alright, I will.
Open your gates.
Doors, open up for whoever is knocking!
Ophelia, come here.—   I hear him coming.
Or any of you?
Stinking like a swamp.
Or come back to life again and challenge me to a duel in some deserted place.
Or was it a blessing that we came here?
Or did you agree to this as equals?
Either Charles or some prettier thing has mastered you.
Or was I dreaming?
Or did the letter make him emotional somehow, and this is the first time he’s done it?
Or are you just pretending?
Or are you just teasing?
Or thorn-bushes.
Or is he walking?
Or else their guardians and advisors said no— What hell, to have your love life determined by someone else!
Right.
And what will happen if I don’t?
Or are we both on drugs?
Or should I describe you as the one who killed her brothers and her uncles?
Either here or at the Capitol.
That’s me, sir.
If not, then I have no powers of observation.
By the end I will either live, or else I’ll restore my honor by shedding my blood.
Me too, I swear.
Or I’ll deliver your insults to his face.
Even if it’s not better, your first marriage is over.
If that’s not the case, then this must be the answer: You, Romeo, have not been to bed tonight.
Or if you follow me, you’d better understand that I’ll do something bad to you in the forest.
Or if you haven’t broken away from human company, as my feelings now lead me to do, you haven’t loved.
Or if you haven’t sat as I do now, boring your listener with all your lover’s virtues, then you haven’t loved.
Or if you’ve got some buried treasure somewhere, which they say often makes ghosts restless, then tell us about it.
Or just a foretaste of it?
Or is he on his horse?
Is the snake better than the eel because the pattern on his back pleases the eye?
That your interest payments are like Jacob’s sheep?
Worse than that, she’s polluted herself, so that the fountain is a place where disgusting toads copulate and reproduce!
Or like a whale.
Neither?
And I too?
Or it’s bottomless, at least: pour affection in one end, and it runs out the other.
Don’t I tell you in the clearest terms that I do not and cannot love you?
Or rather, do what you feel like doing.
Or tell me, my sweet love, what you’d like to eat.
Or should I say it’s her uncle?
Is she enclosed in silver, which is ten times less valuable than gold?
Or should we enter without apologizing?
Or am I asleep now and imagining all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or had a friend who would be a man for me!
Maybe she was just naked in bed with him for an hour or so, but they didn’t do anything.
What’s wrong with you?
Who pronounced this death sentence before a court of law could even convict me?
You’re busted.
Or do you want me to criticize her like I do all women?
If I can’t do that, I can at least make the Moor so jealous that he can’t think straight.
Or, if he wrote down his thoughts, give me his letter.
It would have been better if, after she said, “Tybalt’s dead,” she told me my mother or my father, or both, were gone.
But if you have to swear, swear by your wonderful self, which is the god I worship like an idol, and then I’ll believe you.
Or you can pretend to settle your differences until this matter with Pompey is finished.
Or, if you don’t delay, make my wedding bed in the tomb where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you don’t mind, come to my home, and I’ll wait for you.
Orlando sends his regards to you both, and he sends this bloody handkerchief to the boy he calls “his Rosalind.” Is that you?
Orlando, my lord, the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, sir, please don’t call me those names.
Orsino, this is the same Antonio who took the
Orsino.
Othello, have one of your officers stay behind to bring you your commission and whatever else is important to you.
Othello?
Othello’s career is over.
Even her worst faults are charming, and holy priests bless her even when she acts the slut.
Our arms, which can be strong and cruel, and our hearts, filled with brotherly love, embrace you with kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.
Our army shall somberly attend this funeral and then depart for Rome.
Our bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener.
My brother is imprisoned because of you, I am disgraced, and the nobility are held in contempt while those who two days ago weren’t worth a dime have suddenly been promoted.
I have so much care and pity for you that you could call me friend.
Our action will seem too bloody if we cut off Caesar’s head and then hack at his arms and legs too, Caius Cassius—because Mark Antony is merely one of Caesar’s arms.
He hadn’t arrived by the time we finished eating, so I went out looking for him.
Too bad it’s spoiling our pleasure tonight.
We’ll do our duty to you, sir.
Our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave.
Today our hopes are at an end.
I’m very afraid of Banquo.
Our land forces have bravely stood firm.
Our fate depends on this chance.
The battle on the sea is almost lost.
But there are many herbs that will help him rest and take his mind off his anguish for a while.
I’ve left our luggage on the ship, and I bought the oil, balm, and liquor you wanted.
Our friends are all waiting for you.
The general got rid of us early tonight so he could be with Desdemona.—I can’t blame him.
Othello’s wife has a lot of influence now.
So please, old friend, give us some good advice.
Gracious brother, I will go with them.
Our hour is up.
It’s hell in our house, and you helped cheer it up, like a funny devil.
Our wedding banquet will become a sad burial feast.
My Italy is full of civil war.
Our knocking woke him up.
Our masquerade mates are waiting for us.
Our master and mistress are looking for you.
We’ll keep the lines of communication open between us.
The army is ready.
Our forces are ready for them.
Our business now is mourning and grief.
I regret my crime more than my death, and I beg your Highness to forgive me, while punishing my body with death.
The queen and her elves will be here soon.
Our reasons are so well considered that even if you, Antony, were Caesar’s son, you would be satisfied with them.
We’ll both be safer if we go separate ways.
Our imminent separation so occupies our thoughts that even though you stay here, you come with me, and even though I leave here, I stay with you.
Our tattered navy has reassembled and set sail, as formidable as the sea itself.
All women would be angry with you for doing it, even though I’m the only one who’s hurt by it.
The size of my sorrow must be as great as its source.
Our celebratory hymns will change to sad funeral marches.
My son will win.
It’s time we hit the road.
So, possessing neither a voice nor a heart for flattery, I can’t awaken the spirit of love in her so as to make him appear in his true likeness.
Our troops are deployed tomorrow.
The war’s over and the Turks are drowned.
Now, before God, our whole city owes this friar a great debt.
We want Antony taken alive.
May heaven save us from indecent thoughts!
Our tolerance for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak, like women.
I will walk around and mingle with all of you, playing the humble host.
We human beings don’t control our own destinies.
Oh, no, that was my lady’s voice.
No, from the moon, I’m telling you.
That’s out of tune, sir.
Are you out of your mind and deaf too?
I’m sure he’s been kidnapped.
Get out of my sight!
Get out of my sight!—Dear Cesario, please don’t be offended.—Get out of here, you barbarian!
From their saddles into the dirt—but that’s another story.
There is much to be learned from these converts.
She disgusts me, the little hussy!
Curse you for your false appearances!
Damn her!
A rebel!
The  Get out of here!
Oh no!
Oh, stop, fool.
Get out, you horrible poison.
Out, out, brief candle.
Get out, you dark-skinned gypsy!
Wrong, evil traitor.
You worthless girl!
You disgust me, you little bug!
Out.
I go over hills and valleys, through bushes and thorns, over parks and fenced-in spaces, through water and fire.
Over your wounds—which, like speechless mouths, open their red lips, as though to beg me to speak—I predict that a curse will fall upon the bodies of men.
Whew!
Was he pale or flushed and red-faced?
Forgive me, darling Rosalind.
I beg your pardon.
But please forgive me, darling, for the sake of the vows we made to each other so recently.
Forgive me.
Don’t pardon that.
Forgive my boldness if I take you up on your words about making magic.
If you forgive my mistake, I swear I’ll never break an oath with you again.
Pardon us, dear father.
Please forgive me, master.
Forgive us, my lord.
Pardon, dear father.
Separate them.
Did you leave on good terms?
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I’ll say good night until tonight becomes tomorrow.
Let’s move.
That’s it!
Grief seems to be contagious, for my eyes, seeing the tears in yours, began to fill.
I like her more than I can say.
Oh, no question—it won’t style itself.
Past noon.
Right on time.
Now that’s patience!
Be patient.
Please wait, sir.
Please!
Be patient, I’m telling you.
Hold on a moment, and listen to my advice.
Pay him six thousand and cancel the debt.
Peace to you, my lord of Burgundy.
Silence, then!
Quiet there!
Quiet!
Quiet, children, quiet.
Shut up, you doddering old wizard!
Shut up, fool.
Shut up, fool!
Hush, Grumio.
Be quiet, for shame!
Quiet!
Quiet there!
Wait!
Quiet, there!
Quiet, I say.
Quiet, quiet, Iras.
Quiet, quiet!
Oh, be quiet.
Calm down.
Calm down, Smulkin, you fiend!
piece of cheese will get him.—I challenge you to a match.
Quiet, you stupid fool.
Be quiet, you mumbling fool!
Shut up, you troublemaker, no more of that.
You’d better shut up!
Quiet!
Silence!
Be calm!
Quiet now!
Oh, shut up!
Quiet!
Hang on a minute—who are you?
Peaseblossom.
Or maybe, to make it even more lovely, I’ll sing it when the heroine dies.
Maybe it’ll come again.
Or maybe there’s a chance he didn’t drown.—What do you think, sailors?
Maybe he won’t see me.
Maybe she can’t find him.
Maybe until after Theseus’s wedding day.
Maybe I’ll never go home again, Iago!
Maybe?
By God, your doors were locked and you were shut out.
God help me, I love you!
I have to tell you, I thought you were a much kinder person than this.
Perhaps  What, my love?
I might come back soon.
Maybe some merchant at the marketplace invited him home for lunch.
Perhaps you’ve learned from life and not from books.
Let any man perish who isn’t ready now!
All right, go ahead, keep up your little game, pretend to be sympathetic, but then nudge each other and wink and make faces at me when I turn my back.
I’d rather be a slave or a packhorse for this hateful stablehand here.
Peter Quince— What is it, jolly Bottom?
Peter, did you ever see anything like it?
Peter, wait for me at the gate.
Peter!
My name is Petruchio, son of Antonio, a man well known throughout Italy.
You’ve won.
I’m warning you.
Petruchio, let’s stand over here awhile.
Phoebe wrote it.
With all my heart, Phoebe.
Let your thoughts make up for our imperfections.
Pindarus, order our commanders to lead their charges a little ways away from this ground.
Tie him up like a thief and bring him here to me.
I was born in Pisa, famous for its serious citizens, like my father before me; my father, Vincentio, a successful, world-traveled merchant, was one of the
Pish to you, you mangy dog, you pointy-eared Icelandic mutt.
Pish!
Disgusting!
Little pitchers have big ears.
This is a pitiful sight!
Darn it, if I’d guessed he was so brave and such a good swordsman, I never would have challenged him.
You can’t tell a story simply when it’s a lie.
Plantagenet.
Make these men work.
Picture the cabin boys climbing around the rigging.
If it pleases you, your highness, why don’t you sit with us and grace us with your royal company?
If it pleases you, your highness, will you lead us all inside?
Duke, please go ahead with your state business.
Please come closer.— Make the music louder, please!
But please tell me more.
Come to think of it, I am feeling sleepy.
Pray, let me stay.
Please, come to his house with me.
If your Grace would kindly appoint some members of your council to sit with me once more and go over them more carefully, I will give my answer and acceptance right away.
If your Majesty would like, I’ll muster up my friends and meet you wherever and whenever you like.
All this excitement has made the time fly by.
I’ve set dangerous plans in motion, using lies, drunken prophecies, and stories about dreams to set my brother Clarence and the king against each other.
Pull only his name out of his heart and let him go.
Gouge out his eyes!
Pull them apart.
Give us a smile.
Let me gather my wits and get serious here.
They pulled out the guts of the sacrificed animal and couldn’t find its heart.
Pull off my beard?
Poison, I see, has been the cause of his death.
They were poisoned, then.
Today Pompey laughs away his fortune.
Pompey has a strong navy.
Pompey is making the most of our absence.
You’re talking like some innocent girl who doesn’t understand the ways of the world.
The person who’s poor and contented is rich enough.
Poor Antony!
You’d be a pitiful bird.
Every night I’m awakened by his  Poor dear, goodbye.
I am nothing but a poor, used fool.
Poor lady, she’ll go crazy when she sees it’s missing.
She’s shut inside a dead man’s tomb!
Poor man!
Only for poor men?
Do you want to know who they are, then?
Poor imitation queen, why do you align yourself with this humpbacked spider when he’s got you trapped in his deadly web?
Silly babbler, how you talk!
You poor soul, your face has suffered many tears.
Poor man!
The poor people died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his mind.
Poor Tom will take you there.
Poor Tom, your cup is empty.
Poor Tom’s chilly.
Well, at least that’s something.
Poor poisonous fool, be angry and bite.
Portia is dead.
Portia, goodbye to you.
Portia, are you really gone?
All these friends are my witnesses, so I swear to you, I swear by your beautiful eyes, in which I see myself reflected— Did you hear that!
Portia, what are you doing awake?
Don’t let them know fear.
Report back to him fast and tell him what has happened.
Ride to Salisbury.
Hurry.
Pour in the blood of a sow who has eaten her nine offspring.
But let it rain; I’ll survive.
That’s it!
God, not our strength, be praised!
Another studpid answer!
I hope what she’s saying is well, sir!
I hope to God he keeps his promise!
I hope to God I’m proven wrong!
Pray God your wife doesn’t send you a worse one.
I hope to God I’m wrong about your chances.
I hope to God it’s something political, like you think, and not jealousy involving you.
I hope to God Othello’s all right.
So please rest.
Please, corporal, stop!
Go find him, please, and bring him to my tent.
Please, marry us.
Please Margaret, help me write this poem for Beatrice.
Please, try to act a little more serious, or the people in Belmont will get the wrong impression about me, and your wildness will make me blow my chance with Portia.
Please go.
Excuse me, sir?
I beg you to continue to be patient.
Please come in.
Please don’t, sir.
Lead the way.
Please forgive and forget.
I’ve relinquished my authority, so please—I’ll see you all before long.
Pray you sit still.
Please avoid doing that.
Now please go.
Please be careful.
Please come with me.
Go tell your generals to hurry their preparations.
If you do, please give it to me, because I need to start learning the lines.
Is he married to Cleopatra?
Please stay seated.
Please, stop bowing, good sir.
Please hire Cassio again.
Give me your blessing.
Let’s put our heads together.
Please, don’t be sad, and don’t tell me how reluctant you are.
All right, stop this.
Excuse me, sir, do you know anything about this?
Please stand up!
Now everyone be seated, as this is the part where we sit and chat as well as eat.
Please tell him I have surrendered to his fortune.
Please walk softly, so not even a mole hears us approach.
Please, dear, come here.
Please don’t make fun of me.
Please give me that.
Tell me, don’t you have a virtuous and lovely daughter named Katherina?
Please put that log down and rest a while.
Please, sir, be patient.
Then see a good one for me.
Why, what do you imagine his name to be?
Please, write down “Borachio.”—And yours?
Prepare the body, then, and follow us.
Let us prepare for our wedding.—On that day, I’ll take your oath of loyalty, my Lord of Burgundy and all my peers, to guarantee my treaty.
Prepare yourselves, generals.
Don’t tell us what our duty is.
Come, lady; you must die in order to live.
Right now?
Yes, right now.
Go up there and second his petition.
Stop, Demetrius!
And maybe a third?
Prince Dauphin, you’ll stay with me in Rouen.
I’ll get there first and tell him what we found out.
Princes and counts!
The only glory princes have are their titles.
Prison, my lord?
Please give me a little credit!
You’re kidding!
Please, go away.
Please, be cheerful.
I promise.
Please don’t be angry.
Please, hurry up.
Please stop turning me around.
Please, Emilia, ask Cassio where he was at dinner tonight.—
Please, my friend, give me all the news, both good and bad, at the same time.
Go inside yourself.
Tell me, please: how many boys and girls will I have?
Please, sir, be kind to me and tell me.
Please don’t play games.
I beg you, listen well.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Oh, please be quiet.
Please calm down, uncle.
Please, let’s not talk about it.
Please say no more.
Please be quiet.
Come on, put it away.
Please, tell me more.
Please, just look over there.
Tell me, who is this knight?
Go ahead, Moon.
Let’s proceed.
Give me the death sentence and end all my troubles.
Go on.
Proculeius, Caesar has heard about what you’ve done here and has sent for you.
Promise me you’ll let me live, and I’ll confess the truth.
Say welcome to all of our friends for me, sir, for in my heart they are all welcome.
Then lay that sentence on me too, my lord.
Then repeat this after me: you can’t expect women to be faithful when men are so unreliable.
Go ahead.
Evidence enough to deceive the Prince, anger Claudio, ruin Hero, and kill Leonato.
I hear you say “proud” and “I thank you,” and then “no thank you” and “not proud,” you spoiled little girl.
If you can prove that I’ll ever be so in love that I can’t be brought to my senses with a good round of beers, you can pluck out my eyes with a love-poet’s pen and hang me on a brothel’s door where the picture of blind Cupid usually goes.
Oh, please be true, please let it be that this man has mistaken me for you, my dear brother!
Order supplies for your trip and choose your traveling companions.
Try to get him to do that.
Don’t provoke them to battle until we have finished at sea.
Puppet”?
Go after him and try to calm him down a little.
Do your best.
Call up your courage.
Put a lot of cash together.
Here’s what you’ll do.
Take me by the hand and say, “Harry of England, I am yours.” No sooner shall I hear that word than I will tell you straight out, “England is yours, Ireland is yours, France is yours, and Harry Plantagenet
Put on my crown.
Be as lazy and neglectful as you like around him—you and the other servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light of the candle, and then put out the light of her heart.
Please go inside.
Either put away your sword or use it to help me stop this fight.
Put your sword away.
Put out your torches.
Pyramus is coming up to the wall.
Conquer, crush, conclude, and kill!
Start a fight?
Queen Margaret saw your sword steaming with his blood.
Talk makes him crazy.
Ask it something, Horatio.
Talk to the ambassadors who’ve just come back: ask them how majestically he responded to their message, how well supplied he was with good advisors, how restrained in expressing his displeasure, and, moreover, how terrifyingly firm he was in his resolve.
About an hour for the ringing and fifteen minutes for the crying.
Quick, quick.
Let me have it now.
Go quickly—hurry—to the castle, for I’ve given orders to have Lear and Cordelia killed.
Lay off, already!
Can’t you talk?
My master said it.
Rage on, blow!
Wake up the Montagues.
Cram your good news into my ears.
The rapier and the dagger.
Excellently, excellently.
Ratcliffe, around midnight come to my tent and help me put on my armor.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, it’s me.
Ratcliffe!
I’d rather die in a ditch in Egypt, and make it my gentle grave.
Too late is more like it.
I’d rather be hung in chains from one of our pyramids!
I’d rather lie in the Nile mud with flies laying their eggs in me, making me disgusting.
No, you must see them as your father sees them.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony.
Read it.
Read the will!
Read the will.
Read it.
How?
She’s ready to go, but she’ll never return.
They’re ready, my lord.
Yes, sir, I’m here.
Here.
Ready.
Kingdoms and provinces dropped from his pockets like loose change.
My murders will never come back to threaten me until the forest of Birnam gets up and moves, and I will be king for my entire natural life.
No!
Here, take the ring.
Cheer up as much as you can.
Don’t refuse it.
Don’t refuse the love we offer you.
Regan, I hope you didn’t know anything about that.—Ah, who’s this?
I believe you are, Regan.
Watch Titinius and tell me what you see in the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Please give in, sweet Hermia.—And Lysander, stop acting like she’s yours.
Relent?
Stay in the dark.
Just remember to grab his books first, since without them he’s just a poor fool like me, and can’t command a single spirit.
How could I forget, my lord!
Remember March, March 15th.
Remember me.
He said, “Remember me.” I swore I would.
Remember the reward we’re getting when the deed’s done.
Remember to see me today.
Remember you!
Remember what I’ve told you.
Remember who liked your yellow stockings—” Your yellow stockings?
Do you remember anyone who died of it?
Remorseless, treacherous, sex-obsessed, unnatural villain!
The graceful and renowned king is dead.
Renowned duke, please join us in the abbey, where we will discuss at length all that has happened to us.
Be quiet, boy, or you’ll lose your mind.
Does he reward my dedicated service with such deep contempt?
Be sad only at the fact that you’ll lose your friend—your friend doesn’t regret that he paid your debt.
Regret that your mouth betrayed your actions.
Don’t reply.
You can’t trust all the rumors.
They are harder than the stones the house is made of.
Regret and everlasting shame sit on our helmets, mocking us.
My reputation, my reputation!
Help, dear lord, or the battle will be lost!
Help, my lord of Norfolk, help, help!
This isn’t a good moment for jokes—save them till a happier time.
Have a good night!
Have a nice day!
Go back to where you’re staying and go to sleep.
Let’s go back to our bedroom.
Retreat!
Go back with her?
Go back with her?
Go back to my sister’s.
Return to the gracious duke, good Catesby.
Back so soon?
Take revenge for his horrible murder, that crime against nature.
Revenge.
They burn for revenge.
Think like this all day, and you’ll learn how to curse.
Other than Richard, even those whom we fight against would rather we won.
Richard loves Richard, that is, there’s just me and myself here.
Richard of York, how are you doing, my loving brother?
Richard, a fiendish spy for hell itself, still lives, but only long enough to buy souls to send below.
Richard.
Richmond is sailing on the sea.
A jumbled confession can only receive a jumbled absolution.
Ride out to the horsemen on that hill.
Are you going riding this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, ride, and give these dispatches to our forces on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I’m glad he wasn’t here for this fight.
We rejoice to see you, most worthy brother of England.
It’s true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him—or else they’re putting on quite an act.
They’re just fine, my dear madam.
Yes, as kind as snow to a harvest.
My meaning  And I
Ring the alarm bell.
It was wild insanity to believe promises made by the mouth and not the heart.
Get up and listen to me.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you’re going to play Thisbe’s mother.—Tom Snout, the handyman.
Roderigo’s been killed?
Roderigo!
Rogue, you’ve lived too long!
Romans, countrymen, and friends!
Rome has lost the ability to raise noble men!
Romeo is hateful, even though God isn’t.
Romeo has been banished.” That news brings infinite death.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must die.
Romeo will thank you, my girl, for both of us.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer the challenge.
Romeo, get out of here.
Romeo, come out.
Romeo cried out, “Stop, my friends.
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, are you going to your father’s for lunch?
Romeo?
Romeo!
What is this blood that stains the stony entrance of this tomb?
Romeo.
Romeo’s a dishcloth compared to him.
Make room for Antony, most noble Antony!
Make room!
Give him room.
Your love’s name is Rosalind?
Well, then, you don’t have the affection that would teach you that you and I are one.
Come on, woo me, woo me.
Round enough to be unattractive.
A very candid reply.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
King Lear, I’ve always honored you as king, loved you as my father, obeyed you as my master, and thanked you in my prayers— I’m furious and ready to snap.
Your majesty!
Royal seductress!
Rub his temples.
You are a rude, ragged nurse and an old, sullen playmate for such tender princes.
Let thunder rumble!
Spread the rumor abroad that Anne, my wife, is very sick.
Run after that obnoxious messenger, the duke’s servant.
Run away, I beg you!
Run and proclaim it in the streets.
One of you run to the Queen with the news.
Run to the Capitol and nothing else?
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall on your knees, and pray to the gods to spare you the pain that you deserve for such ingratitude.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, oh, run!
Sad, my lady!
Saddle up my horses.
He’s lying dead in a ditch, with twenty deep gashes in his head, any one of which would have been enough to kill him.
He’s safe, Antony.
At dinner.
That’s better than exaggerating our trust.
Isn’t that what he said?
Regan, is that what you said?
Yes, that’s the one.
Saint Davy’s Day has passed.
Saint Francis, help me!
Valentine’s Day is over.
Saints don’t move, even when they grant prayers.
No lie—she screamed at you.
Get away from me, Satan!
Everything except something to live on.
Hello, Curan.
God bless you, my friend, and your music too.
Hello, Cassio!
Hello, sir.
Greetings, good general!
The total due is about three ducats more than I owe this gentleman.
Saw who?
Did you see anything?
Have you seen him today?
Have you seen my lord?
Oh no!
Did you see the king today, Lord Derby?
Did you see the weird sisters?
Did you see him enter this abbey?
Did you see the gloomy Lord Northumberland?
If you say it isn’t true, I’ll give you a province and make you rich.
No, Orlando, men are like April when they’re wooing a girl—young, and passionate—but like December once they’re married and their passions have cooled.
Tell me again, where did you leave those lowlifes?
Speak confidently.
Tell me if it’s good or bad, and I’ll wait for the details.
Tell me where you learned these strange things, and why you stop us at this desolate place with this prophetic greeting?
Tell him I’m sick.
Say I will love her everlastingly.
Tell her that I, her king, am her lowly subject.
As soon as the deed is done, you will be in my favor and I will promote you.
Tell us, Othello.
You’d better not make that suggestion, Agrippa.
Don’t say that.
Go on, my loving lord.
There are many troubles brewing now that have yet to become full-fledged threats.
If she is silent and won’t speak at all, I’ll praise her chattiness and say she speaks with piercing eloquence.
He asks her to do what God  Say she will be a high and mighty queen.
But suppose I did all the things you named out of love for her.
Here’s the story we’ll tell her: that I was with you at your shop, watching you make her necklace, and that you’re going to deliver it tomorrow.
Let’s say I didn’t kill them.
Say that I hope he never has cause to look for a new master.
If she glares, I’ll say her brow is as clear as roses newly washed with morning dew.
If she rants, I’ll tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Just imagine some lady might exist who loves you as powerfully and agonizingly as you love Olivia.
Say the last word I spoke was “Antony,” and please word it pathetically.
For instance, our husbands
Tell her you heard us, and that she should sneak into the arbor where the crisscrossing branches overhead keep the honeysuckles out of the sun.
Go ahead and say you don’t love me, but not so bitterly.
Tell me that you’ll accept my love.
Even if we said that this behavior suits him—though only a man with a perfect character could avoid being disgraced by such antics—there’s no excuse for the extra work we’ve had to take on while he’s been off amusing himself.
Just say “Yes” and I will turn more poisonous than the snake with the evil eye.
Tell me who shall have the better luck, Caesar or me?
Go tell the king I want to talk to him for a few minutes.
Tell the king what was happening in the battle when you left it.
Say what you want, but I know what I know.
Is Horatio here too?
Admit you were wrong.
You think so?
What do you have to say for yourself?
Say, “That splendid Antony.” The courageous Caesar!
Tell me, do I have your consent to kill them?
For what?
How do you mean?
Would you rather hear these things from our mouths or from our master’s?
Tell me, is your tardy master close at hand?
Tell me, spirit, how’s the king and his entourage?
Say, uncle Richard, if my brother comes, where will I stay till my coronation?
Tell me, Voltemand, what’s the news from the king of Norway?
Just tell me.
Tell me, friend.
Do you really mean that?
You call this house dark?
As absolute a traitor as any in the whole entire world—or even France or England!
Damn it, you’re not listening to me!
My God, do you think I’m easier to manipulate than a pipe?
There’s something downright unnatural about it, if a philosopher stopped to think about it.
Keep my cups full and treat me as you did when my empire was one of your fellow servants, obeying my commands.
He wouldn’t get drunk much, since there’s no wine here.
You call it my “ Don’t you know?
Scorn and defiance, indifference, contempt, and any insult that wouldn’t disgrace the mighty sender—that’s the value he puts on you.
Look out for him in the corner of the orchard as if you were a sheriff’s deputy.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
If he has a face like yours, a good scratching couldn’t make him look any worse.
That dirty rat!
That rotten scoundrel!
Naked,” he says.
End it, then, and everything is over.—Eros!—I’m coming, my Queen!—Eros!—Wait for me.
And then I’ll be the leader of pain, and maybe I’ll lead you as far as death.
Search high and low, in every acre of the fields, and bring him here for me to see him.
Investigate how this foul murder came about.
While I was looking for a flint to light it, I found this paper on the window, sealed up like this, and I’m sure it wasn’t there when I went to bed.
Just listen carefully while I tell you the amazing thing I saw, with these gentlemen as witnesses.
Are you Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father’s name, and my brother was named Sebastian too.
A sense of security opens the door to conspiracy.
Learn to see better, Lear, and let me stay here where you can look to me for good advice.
Go find out the news.
Fabian, bring him here.
Look how she carries on with him!
Look how she leans her hand on her cheek.
Look how they kiss and carry on!
Look how the judge yells at a simple thief.
See that it is done, and prepare a feast for the soldiers.
You’ll never see me again, whether or not he’s dead.
Don’t greet your bride in these disgraceful clothes.
I’ll give you more instructions later.
And don’t lie.
See the wound that Casca made.
There he is at the window.
See how he stands between two clergymen!
Look, here she comes, with your ungovernable wives in tow, like prisoners of her womanly persuasion.—Katherine, that cap of yours doesn’t look good on you.
Look, she’s come home from confession with a happy look on her face.
Here they come.
Go look and then do the talking yourselves.
Look around you, Caesar.
Check and see if he’s breathing.
Here he comes.
Look, it’s going away.
See, ladies, how they scorn me now.
Look, here comes just the man we were looking for.
Look, here comes our honored hostess!
And they respond to you with their hearts as well.
Who’s that coming over here?
Look, your wife is with him.
You won’t be seeing anything.—Hold his chair still, men.—I’m going to put my foot on his eyes.
Find him and tell him to come here.
Look for him, Titinius, while I go to meet the noble Brutus and force him to hear this news.
Find out who did it!
Make yourself comfortable.
Don’t try to find out more.
Go find those herbs for him, before his madness puts his life in danger.
Seek!
Do they seem religious?
Can’t you see that?
Look here, this is the entrance to his room.
Do you see this sweet sight?
Signor Martino and his wife and daughters, Count Anselme and his beautiful sisters, Vitruvio’s widow, Signor Placentio and his lovely nieces, Mercutio and his brother Valentine, My uncle Capulet and his wife and daughters, My fair niece Rosaline and Livia,
Signor Valentio and his cousin Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena.” That’s a nice group of people.
Drive it out of you.
Self-love, my liege, is not so great a sin as self-neglect.
Send for him, dear uncle.
Send for the Count.
Bring him here and ask him.
Just send him here, and I’ll persuade him.
Sir Toby needs help right away.
Send out more cavalry.
Send the deed after me and I’ll sign it.
Send your man away.
Send something along to prove you’re withdrawing the orders.
Send a message to his brother.
Did he tell Macduff to return to Scotland?
Servant monster”?
Have faith, love me, and you will get better.
Be good.
To work for you, sir.
To work as a servant.
Set the honorable old man down and let him eat.
Set down your honorable load, men, if there is ever any honor in being dead.
Bring him in front of me.
Set it down awhile.
Set it down.
Put the goblets of wine on that table.
Lead me to where you’re standing.
Tell your wife to watch her.
Continue, then, and don’t forget to perform all of the rituals.
Assemble our squadrons on the other side of the hill, in sight of Caesar’s navy.
Write all this
Places, everyone!
Get over it.
Seven days and seven nights?
I’d send seven of my servants to go get him.
Sextus Pompeius is sailing toward the port of Rome.
Seyton!
Seyton!—I’m sick at heart when I see—Seyton, come here!—This battle will either secure my reign forever or else topple me from the throne.
Shake off your sleepiness.
Shake off sleep, which looks like death, and look at death itself!
Then the dovehouse shook with the earthquake.
Will it be tonight at supper?
Would I send a lie?
Shall I stay in this dreary world, which is no better than a pigsty without you?
Shall I accompany your Grace?
Does a madman scare me when he stares at me?
Will I be married tomorrow morning?
Shall I put it plainly?
Shall I be tempted by the devil?
Should I believe that death is in love with you, and that the awful monster keeps you here to be his mistress?
Would I ever deny you anything?
Shall I come down?
Would I dare do something like that?
Can I do what all the Parthian arrows, though shot by enemies, could not?
Can I have a word with you?
Should I get your nightgown?
Should I go convince my daughter to marry you?
Can we have some water please here?— Come and wash, Kate, make yourself at home.
Who wouldn’t get sad thinking about things like that?
Will I hear from you soon?
Should I tend your pigs and eat husks with them?
What’s your answer?
Should I perjure my soul by disobeying it?
Shall I be your slave?
Shall I tell Caesar what you request from him?
Should I say to you, “Set them free!
Can I have a word with you privately?
Should I strike it with my spear?
Should I do it now?
Should I tell you why?
Should I blab to her that you’re coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
It won’t be long before I’m back.
Shall I let them exhibit me to the shouting mobs of Rome?
Will they see us?
Will we be separated?
Shall we call in the ambassador, my liege?
Should we just get down to it?
Should we do that?
Should we all give up and drown?
Should we go see the sights in the town?
Should we go find Benedick and tell him about Beatrice’s love?
Shall we go send them food and fresh clothing and feed their starving horses before we fight them?
Yes.
Will we hear from you before bedtime, Catesby?
Won’t we, Sir Andrew?
Shall we not?
Should we part, sweet girl?
Should we sing a round to wake up the night owl?
Shall we go watch this wrestling, cousin?
Well, the  Shall we get moving?
Should we see what he thinks?
Should we watch this ridiculous scene?
Should we go inside?
Is the building of your love already in ruins?
Your other daughter Regan will treat you kindly, you’ll see.
Shame on Romeo!
Shame on you!
Once she exclaimed, “Sisters, sisters, shame on you!
Shame, eternal shame, and nothing but shame!
She had no food today and will have none.
She says that you should come to her.
With the quick, intelligent wit she’s rumored to have, she can’t really be such a bad judge of character that she’d refuse a man as exceptional as Signior Benedick.
She can’t deny it.
She can’t stand to hear about getting a husband.
She can’t even imagine what “love” is.
She confessed.
She creeps along.
She wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to bed.
She did compliment me on my yellow stockings recently, and she said she liked how the crisscross laces looked on my legs.
Yes, she did tell us.
She flirted with the messenger boy to exasperate you, fire up your passions, and make you angry and jealous.
She was only dead, my lord, as long as her slander lived.
She’ll die for it.—Eros, ho!
She’s still at the monastery, kneeling and praying for a happy marriage.
She’s probably right.
You said she slept with Cassio.
She weeps for Edward and so do I, while she does not weep for Clarence, though I do.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to his whore.
You think she gave it to Cassio?
She says you’re going to marry her.
She had a premonition of what has actually happened.
She knew an old song called “Willow” that reminded her of her own story, and she died singing it.
She lied to me, and she may lie to you.
She always has to have a light next to her.
She has disarmed me.
She said something she shouldn’t have said, I’m sure of that.
She has betrayed me and shall die.
She is welcome to stay.
She’s not even fourteen years old.
Well, she got away.
Look, she’s spotted him with those sweet eyes of hers.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.” I know, all the boys in Venice are following him, yelling, “His stones, his daughter, and his ducats!”
Yes she has, and by keeping celibate, she wastes her beauty.
She hangs around me all the time.
He gave Syria, Cilicia, and Phoenicia to Ptolemy.
She has royal blood.
She’s a virtuous and holy lady.
She is banished.
She’s more cunning than anyone can imagine.
She’ll be damned for it.
She’s the daughter of this famous Duke of Milan I heard so much about but never saw before.
She is dead.
She’s been drowned in salty sea water, and now my salty tears are about to drown her memory all over again.
She herself is as valuable as any dowry could ever be.
She’s a perfect woman, it’s true.
She has a low-pitched voice.
She’s only sad when she sleeps—and not even then.
She’s not feeling well.
She’s not good enough for you, then.
She is not, madam.
She is so generous, kind, and ready to help that she thinks it’s wrong not to do everything she can, even more than she is asked to do.
She is our principal demand—one of the first points of the treaty.
She thinks I’ll marry her because she loves me.
Her reputation is also her own.
She’s round, like a globe.
CASSIO  She’s awake, sir.
She’s yours.—Come, Ariel!
She’s too much for me to handle.
She’s too beautiful and too wise to deserve heaven’s blessing by making me despair.
She has been in a man’s bed.
She’s alive.
She said she loved me for the dangers I’d survived, and I loved her for feeling such strong emotions about me.
Oh, I really think she loves me!
It’s true she looked at me a lot, in fact, she looked at me so much that she seemed distracted, and couldn’t really finish her sentences very well.
She mocks all her suitors so severely that they drop the suit.
She’ll have to have it.
I guess now she’s going to be my sister-in-law and not my wife.
She’s Phoebe-ing me.
She gave up her life with your name still within her.
She replied by saying that it would be better for him to be her guest instead.
She’s sending this ring back to you, sir.
You will seem even brighter and more virtuous when she’s out of the picture.
Yes, she said that.
She says all the right things, but the dumbest brothel-keeper would tell the same story.
She says she thinks this is a prank.
She sent Dromio to bring you home for lunch.
She shall be buried next to her Antony.
She’ll be buried with her face upwards, then.
She can’t hurt you, Helena.
She shall not.
She shall, Lucentio.
She would have died later anyway.
She has a body, not a life.
She’ll find out soon enough by one of our messengers how respectfully and kindly we plan to treat her.
She speaks daggers, and every word stabs.
She’s talking, but she’s not saying anything.
She’s talking.
She stood and spoke.
She fainted at the sight of them bleeding.
She thanked me and told me that if a friend of mine had a story like mine to tell, she’d fall in love with him.
That woman who claims I am her husband—I loathe her in my soul.
She will wither and come to a bad end.
Whichever of you acts shy, I’ll swear she has corns.
A woman who was beautiful but never proud, who could speak well but knew when to be quiet, who dressed well but was never overdressed, who had self-restraint even when she could get what she wanted, a woman who never took revenge, who overlooked it when people hurt her, who was too wise to do anything stupid, who could think without revealing her thoughts, and who could refrain from flirting with men in love with her, that kind of woman, if she ever existed, would— Would do what?
Signed, she who would be your servant,     The Fortunate Unhappy.” This is as clear as sunlight in an open field.
The one who claims to be your wife just ran away from you.
She was so young, but she deceived her father so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft!
She told my mother that as long as she kept it with her, my father would love and desire her.
She took that ring from me.
She cheated on me, and she was a whore.
She was a hellcat in school.
She was fickle and unfaithful, like water.
She was here just now.
Dido was from Carthage, not Tunis.
She was previously Caius Marcellus’ wife.
She was too attached to her filthy marriage ever to do a thing like that!
She was too good for me.
Well she was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She’s full of good advice.
She would make a good wife for Benedick.
She will be pleased.
She will  A pimp!
She will not come.
She will not.
She will have a seat—you heard my daughter tell you how.
I know that Regan will taste just like Goneril—both of them sour crabapples.
She said she wished she hadn’t heard it, but she also wished there was a man like me for her.
We’ll maintain that she died the instant she was accused, and everyone who hears this will grieve for her, pity her, and excuse her actions.
When she was dying she gave it to me and told me to give it to my wife when I got married.
It will heal and be as good as new, and we’ll be threatened by its fangs once again.
She’s a good little woman, and she adores me.
She’s a remarkable lady, if the rumors are to be believed.
She’s an excellent, sweet woman, and there’s no doubt that she is virtuous.
She’s busy and cannot come!” Is that an answer?
She only appears honorable from the outside.
She’s cold.
She’s as dead as the cold ground.
Our Queen is dead too.
She’s dead, deceased, she’s dead.
She’s dead, my Queen.
She’s dead, she’s dead, she’s dead!
She’s desperate.
She’s full of good intentions.
She’s very moral.
She’s gone forever.
She was lying even as she was going down to hell.
She’s not even fourteen.
It is best to marry well and die young, better than to be married for a long time.
All the worse that she stooped this low, then.
There’s my dagger  Put away your dagger.
Don’t shed any blood, or cut less or more than exactly a pound of flesh.
Come out, beautiful sun—until I’ve bought a mirror to admire my reflection in, I’ll watch my shadow as I stroll along.
Soon all my work will be done, and you’ll be free.
Should be?
And would I have ever done that to you?
Do you want me to lie, madam?
Shouldn’t I say, “Does a dog have money?
As
If you take it too seriously, it’ll have bad effects that I didn’t want it to have.
Show us the way, sir.
Show him and make him grieve.
Quickly, tell me how.
Take me to him.
Tell me how.
Women, dress me like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut the doors after you.
If you shut the windows, it will pour out the keyhole.
Lock the doors, my lord.
Lock the doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, although I never lend or borrow with interest, I’m willing to break that habit to help a friend in need.
Shylock, are you listening?
Shylock, they’re offering you three times the money you lent.
Oh, I’m sick, sick!
Signior Baptista, I’m actually in a bit of a hurry.
That’s  Signior Baptista, will you really be this cruel?
Signior Baptista, I’m glad to see you.—Sir, this is the gentleman I told you of.
Signor Brabantio, hey!
Mr. Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I come back.
Signior Gremio, are you coming from the church?
Hortensio, good friends like us can get by on a few words.
Hortensio, have you come to break up the fight?
Signior Leonato, listen to the friar’s plan.
Signor Lodovico?
Signor Montano, your brave and loyal servant, gives you this information and asks you to send reinforcements to relieve him.
Sir, is everyone in your family at home?
Sir, it’s the Moor.
Yes Signior?
This letter is for you from Signor Antonio.
Signor Antonio, you’ve often insulted my money and my business practices in the Rialto.
Signor Antonio?
Listen, Signor Bassanio, there’s nothing to worry about.
Signor Bassanio!
Signior Benedick!
Sir, my brother is very fond of you.
Be quiet for a while.—Robin, take off his donkey head.—Titania, get the fairies to play some music, and make these five people sleep more soundly than humans have ever slept before.
Stop that alarm from ringing, it’s scaring the islanders.
Be quiet!
Quiet!
He was also shocked to learn that on the same day you fought the rebels you also fought against the army of Norway, and that you weren’t the least bit afraid of death, even as you killed everyone around you.
Silver.
I love you so much that I’ll send your soul to heaven very soon—if heaven will accept anything from me, that is.
Sin from my lips?
I haven’t slept since Cassius first began to turn me against Caesar.
Since Cleopatra died, I have lived in such dishonor that the gods despise my disgrace.
Since he has the jewel I loved, which you swore you’d keep forever, I’ll be as generous as you were to him.
In the time since he left Egypt, he could have traveled an even longer distance.
I’ve been practicing fencing constantly since he went off to France.
Since Macbeth went to war, I have seen her rise from her bed, put on her nightgown, unlock her closet, take out some paper, fold it, write on it, read it, seal it up, and then return to bed, remaining asleep the entire time.
Since I’m suddenly all the rage, it will be worth the cost.
Ever since I arrived here, just now, I’ve been hearing strange rumors.
Since you’re letting me leave, I’ll hurry.
Ever since I’ve been a free agent in my choice of friends, I’ve chosen you because you take everything life hands you with calm acceptance, grateful for both good and bad.
Ever since Cordelia left for France, sir, the fool has been depressed.
Since nobody knows anything about what he leaves behind, then what does it mean to leave early?
Since my beauty no longer pleases my husband, I’ll weep away what’s left and then die with weeping.
Since you love money and power so much, I won’t be your wife.
Since the light of my life has gone out, I’ll stop here.
Ever since the Duke’s messenger visited Olivia, she’s been upset.
Since the youth won’t be reasoned with, he’ll have to suffer for his stubbornness.
Ever since Venus and her blind son plotted a way for the god of the underworld to steal my daughter away for half the year, I swore I’d never speak to them again.
Since this prize is yours, Be happy with it, and don’t look for a new one.
Since you’re giving me new assignments, let me remind you what you promised me but haven’t come through with yet.
Sinful Macduff, they were killed because of you!
Sing it tonight.
Then sing it.
Let Rome fall!
I will, as surely as I am a gentleman.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I’ll make a desperate argument for my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby would bet a fortune that I’m not smart, but he wouldn’t bet two cents that you’re not a fool.
Sir Toby, I’ve got to be frank with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your relative.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, please go find my lady Olivia— Get out, demon!
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot; Sir William Stanley; Oxford; the highly feared Pembroke; Sir James Blunt; Rice ap Thomas, with a valiant crew; and many other famous and powerful noblemen.
You can have a whole story, not just a word.
Sir, a word before you go.
Hello, sir.
Aren’t you my father?
But since you’re his scoundrel servant, I will.
Do you mean to say that the duke has abandoned the glamorous court to live as a monk?
Sir, do you know who I am?
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck, sir.
Don’t be upset.
Father, take pity on him.
Sir, he told me quite bluntly that he didn’t feel like it.
Sir, he ate with this woman at the Porcupine.
Sir, he’s with Caesar.
Sir, he may still be alive.
He’s hot-tempered, and he might try to hit you with his staff.
Here is the door, sir.
Sir, he left his belongings and treasure.
Sir, your description of him doesn’t detract from his good qualities, though I know that trying to list them all would make your head spin, and even so you wouldn’t be able to keep up with him.
Sir, I’m upset.
I told them to take  Oh, what a big mistake!
Sir, I can’t.
Sir, I leave you to your own contentment.
Sir, I know you, and I trust you enough to share something very important with you.
I’m not holding your hand, sir.
Sir, I have no future ahead of me.
Sir, I must get that diamond ring back from you.
Sir, I wouldn’t say I was your friend, but I’ve praised you when you deserved ten times more praise than I gave.
Sir, I tell you we believe you’re both lying criminals.
Sir, I tell you that we are not.
I’ll meet all your attacks, even if you come charging at me with a lance at full gallop.
I’ll try to make myself worth your knowledge.
I’ll answer for everything.
In Algiers, sir.
In short, when I told him how firmly opposed I was to his hideous plan, he pulled out his sword and lunged at my defenseless body, cutting my arm.
Dearest, kindest, most honorable sir, may I say, with your esteemed approval, which is lit up by the illuminating radiance of the sun-god Phoebus, that— What do you mean by that?
There was a kind of war in my brain that wouldn’t let me sleep.
Sir, do you recognize this glove?
Sir, fifteen days of March have gone by.
Sir, we’ll follow as soon as Mark Antony kisses Octavia good-bye.
I’m hanging on every word.
I’ll change that name for you.
Sir, my king, don’t waste your time mulling over how strange this business is.
No, sir.
Sir, Octavius has already arrived in Rome.
Sir, pardon me for what I am about to say.
Anyway, sir, should I go see the lady?
She can turn and turn, and then turn on you again.
No, sir, she’s human.
Sir, sir, calm down.
Sir, the laws of Ephesus will be on my side, and you’ll be embarrassed.
Sir, sir, sir—
Sir, sir, that can’t be true.
I swear, sir, you did not eat at home.
How do you do, sir.
The gods have ordained it to be like this, sir.
Sir, here’s the Queen.
Venice has made Cassio governor here on Cyprus.
There she is, over there.
They’re really being spoken, sir, and they’re true.
This is what it’s all about— Please, I beg you— No, my lord, I’m comfortable like this, thank you.
Sir, these accusations should be answered.
So do you take her or leave her?
If she gave you as much lip as she gives me, you’d be sick of her by now.
Sir, you and I must part company—no, that’s not it.
Sir, welcome to our house.
Sir, that’s well said and well thought out.
Noble words, sir.
Sir!
Pardon me?
Sorry, sir?
Your father would be a fool to give you all his wealth and spend his declining years as a guest in your house.
It’s no time for jokes: sober up.
Go, lad, and find out what the trumpet’s sounding for.
I’ll recite something for you, guy.
Hey, naked guy— Poor Tom’s chilly.
Young man, your father’s dead.
What do you think?
Sirs, never mind.
Sirs, take up the corpse.
Sister, be happy in my unhappiness.—Sir, I will humbly obey you.
Sister, calm down.
Sister, I have a lot to say about things that concern us both.
You are welcome here, sister.
And you, sister?
Sister, you know he promised to give me a necklace.
Goneril, are you coming with us?
Sit down for a while, and we’ll tell you again the story you don’t want to believe, about what we’ve seen two nights now.
Sit down and eat, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit between us.
Sit down, Clitus.
So have a seat and talk to her.
Let’s have the evidence.
Sit down, Jessica.
After you.
Sit down, worthy friends.
Have a seat.
I didn’t, either.
As I sat on the shore crying over my father’s shipwreck, I heard the music creep over the wild waves, calming their fury and soothing my own grief with its sweet melodies.
Six or seven thousand, at most.
Stand back, boy.
Oh, just lies, sir.
Caliban!
Slay!
Get a little sleep.
I hope you sleep peacefully.
He won’t catch a wink of sleep, either at night or during the day.
Go to sleep, and I will wrap my arms around you.
Defend me, God, both when I’m asleep and when I’m awake.
By God, I’ll go after him again and beat him up.
Are you trying to make fun of me?
A little food and a huge welcome makes a joyous feast.
I’ve had very little joy as England’s queen.
Go blabber with your gossiping friends.
Smile, then, on this beautiful union.
Are you laughing at what I say, as if I were a fool?
You’re smiling?
So shut up!
It’s a big deal to you.
So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
So will we all.
That’s what I intend to do too.
And the Prince and Claudio, who accused her, are innocent as well, because they were deceived by Don John.
Curly golden hair moves so nicely in the wind and makes a woman beautiful.
You are welcome here, as are all of you English princes.
You must be ready for revenge, too, when you hear me out.
So go away.
I’m all right.
Damn my soul if these accusations are true!
Bless you, master.
Caesar might act like that.
So order the armies to rest, and let’s go home to share the glories of this happy day.
So can I.
So, by Christ, I’ll cut off your head.
So could I.
I’d second your wish if it automatically meant that Lucentio could have Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved this man so much it makes me weep.
She’s so good at sewing, and a wonderful musician.
I did too, and he also swore he would marry her tonight.
You told me to do the same, my liege.
So do all thoughts.
I always pray for them
And I’m expecting his reproach.
I do too, my lord.
I’m not.
Yet I wish I could.
Likewise, our common men lie drenched in the blood of princes, and their wounded steeds, ankle-deep in gore, struggle and, raging wildly, stamp on their dead masters with their hooves, killing them a second time.
To this day, the kings of France follow this unspoken rule, even though they point to this Salic law to bar your Highness from inheriting it through the female line.
You do the same, wherever the crowds are thick.
Well, brighter lights always dim the smaller ones.
In fact, every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the tool to free himself.
So farewell, all, for my tongue has almost finished with its life.
So goodbye until we meet again.
So good-bye for now.
Goodbye to you both.
Please treat my babies well.
And the ghost frowned just like the king did once when he attacked the Poles, traveling on the ice in sleds.
Love is so vivid and fantastical that nothing compares to it.
That’s what Fulvia told me.
So go in peace.
It’s a disgrace to us all.
So good night to everyone.
So Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are in for it.
So they are possibly Antony’s friends.
So you’ve dared him to single combat.
Yes, he does.
He laughed at that and let me go.
Charles did the same to the second brother, and the third.
God knows I have done my best to argue for you, and made him angry at me for being so aggressive.
I’ve found it out.
With that, I’ll be off.
So I’m free.
I am resolved—to let him live.
I enchanted them so thoroughly that they followed me through thorn bushes and prickly shrubs that tore up their shins.
No, please, read it like a sane person.
That’s what I’m doing.
I hope you’re right.
I’m that great gust to her fire.
So I will, my liege.
Likewise, I’m young, and my sense of reason has just ripened.
In order to find a mother and a brother, I too have lost myself, unhappily.
So it is on earth.
And he did.
He’s still sharp when it comes to carrying out a bold or noble enterprise, though he puts on this show of stupidity.
So is Lysander.
Mine too.—Are you listening, monster?
So is my horse, Octavius, and for that reason I give him all the hay he wants.
That’s the deal.
And the greatest sorrow is mine too.
That’s what I hear.
I guess not—for good reason, as you’ll soon hear.
That’s the way it should be—only Antony should conquer Antony.
Such a kind father!—Are my horses ready?
Then we can let this ambitious tyrant continue unchallenged until each of us is killed at his whim.
Let’s have him land and solemnly proceed to London.
It might as well be the same with Caesar.
As long as that?
I’ve been crazed with so many miseries that my tongue has tired of lamenting and gone mute.
It may be so.
Not if you want to keep your arms!
So much for Fortinbras.
That’s why I praise myself, who—if I do say so myself—is quite praiseworthy.
That’s enough about that.
That’s the end of the announcement.
Our leader is being led.
So the candle went out and now we’re all in the dark.
So, perhaps, did yours.
If the duke and his court agree to set aside the fine for one half of his property, I’m happy, as long as he lets me have the other half in trust, to give it to the gentleman who recently stole his daughter.
I beg your pardon, sir— What did that guy say?
If you want to read it, as I haven’t heard it yet, though I’ve heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Yes, sir, he’s here at the door right now and asks to see you.
Something about Hamlet.
If you like, we’ll stand by and wait to do whatever you need.
If you wish.
Your grace, the person who is going to deliver the prologue is ready.
Yes, if that would be all right with your Lordship.
Would you mind if we woke up the king?
That’s how intense things like love are quickly destroyed.
Such a wonderful father-in-law and wife make this place a paradise.
That’s good, if he’ll really do it.
I agree.
That’s what the Prince and my fiancé say.
That way, he’ll waste his provisions and tire out his soldiers, weakening his own capacities, while we, lying still, are rested, energetic, and nimble.
Then I could stop wondering, and find some other career.
That’s exactly what I’ll do, my love, and I hope you’ll do the same.
You will feel the loss, but the man you weep for will feel nothing.
And
That’s the way to show me friendship.
So that she may live, I’ll say I cheated on Edward and that she is not really his child.
That’s the way a good deed shines in a naughty world.
A murderer should look like you do, so pale and grim.
He looks like someone with a strange tale to tell.
That’s how someone who’s been murdered should look, and that’s how I look.
If you were king, we would do the same.
He was so slick in covering over his plans that if it hadn’t been for his love affair with Shore’s wife, I would never have suspected him.
That’s how it was with Henry the Sixth, who was crowned in Paris when he was only nine months old.
Thoughts work so quickly that even now you can imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords suggest that he should carry his battle-scarred sword and helmet on a procession through the city.
So take her, shepherd, and God bless you.
Tell them this, Publius.
My enemies help me understand myself better, which is an advantage, and my friends help me lie about myself, which is a disadvantage.
Depending on what we plant—weeds or lettuce, or one kind of herb rather than a variety, the garden will either be barren and useless, or rich and productive.
Among the ten thousand the French have lost only sixteen hundred are mercenaries.
I couldn’t go to Mantua because I was stuck there.
Thus, it should be clear as day that King Pepin’s title, Hugh Capet’s claim, and the resolution of King Lewis’s doubts all plainly derive from the female.
So if four negatives make two affirmatives, I’m worse off because of my friends and better off because of my foes.
So the fool follows you.
So, may the gods protect you and change the hearts of the Romans so that they turn and give you their support.
May the gods bless you.
So the life that died with shame Lives on with fame.
That way, the maiden that stood between me and them shall be the means of my achieving my desire.
So the weak third of the triumvirate is imprisoned until death frees him.
Then I’d be punished for the sins of my mother.
It eases the spirit.
That’s true, they are.
As long as they didn’t do anything, it would only be a minor sin.
You could just as easily say that a king sleeps near a beggar if the beggar lives near him, or that the church is supported by your drum because it “stands by” your drum.
But if you live to see yourself similarly denied your rights, this foolish patience will abandon you.
My soul depends on it— A thousand times good night.
And to you, most noble Caesar.
Give my answer to them both.
And so she turns men inside out and never acknowledges the integrity and merit that a man has.
I was his daughter when you banished him.
I was his daughter when your Highness took my father’s dukedom.
We grew together like twin cherries—which seemed to be separate but were also together—two lovely cherries on one stem.
Your words, like your wounds, bring you honor.
So were their daggers, which we found on their pillows, unwiped.
So were you.
When he opens his wallet to give us our pay, your conscience will fly out?
As old and white-haired as you are, and you’re such a traitor?
And that’s how I’ll turn her good intentions into a big trap to snag them all.
That’s how Claudio will respond.
Exactly, madam, until I sleep with you.
You will also confess, I’m sure, that you love me.
That’s what you’ll say once you’ve seen part two.
That’s how you’ll talk about me when you’re in this mood.
That’s not what I wish.
So you want to put a man in your belly.
Do you recognize the handwriting?
As long as you move gracefully, look handsome, and say nothing, I’m yours for the dance.
So young and so cruel?
So young, my lord, and honest.
So-so” is good, very good, an excellent answer.
So, goodbye.
What, Gertrude?
Come, help me bang on the door, master.
So be it, Dolabella.
So, good-bye.
Good, I’m satisfied.
If we do, it’ll drive us crazy.
So let me hear what you have to say.
Knowing how much I loved my books, he gave me some books from my library that I value more than my dukedom.
Go then, slave.
So, so, so, so!
That’s right.
So I thank you all, and I invite each and every one of you to come watch me be crowned king of Scotland at Scone.
So, there’s the signal to ride.
We seemed to have two separate bodies, but we had one heart.
Like that.
So be it.
Just remember that he is Caesar.
Which one of you is Beatrice?
Stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music.
Go on, Caesar.
Isn’t that him heading this way?
But wait, there’s some prose after her poem.
Wait, don’t rush!
Hang on, sir!
Calm down, calm down.
Wait a minute.
Wait!
Wait.
The priest is already there.
Wait a minute, gentlemen.
Take a little vacation in Mantua.
Hey, hey!
Yoo-hoo!
Hey!
Soldier, you are.
Soldier, why are you wearing that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you must come to the king.
Soldiers, watch carefully.
Soldiers, sir.
Oh, I was such a beast to be angry at him.
Some achieve greatness—” What are you saying?
Some are born great—”
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Please, somebody, get us out of here!
You’re shaking with emotion.
Give me some comfort, Nurse.
I have important business that requires me to remain in disguise a while longer.
Some good friend of his must have died, because nothing else in the world could change a man so much.
Some dungeon.
Thirty-five or thirty-six of his knights met him at the gate, and together with some others they’ve set off for Dover, where they claim to have powerful friends.
We had a little food and fresh water that a nobleman from Naples, Gonzalo, had given us out of the kindness of his heart.
It will give you some protection from this storm.
I wish some god could help me choose!
I want to do a little good despite my evil nature.
Get somebody strong to carry him out of here.
A little bit of grief shows a lot of love.
A bit of a hurry, my lord!
Even innocents cannot always escape disaster.
Some kinds of lowly activities are done for noble reasons.
Someone who can ride fast, go to the duke of  Here, my good lord.
Some men don’t like roast pig, others go crazy if they see a cat, and others can’t help urinating when they hear bagpipes.
Enough!
Some of them are leaning already.
It’s about who I am, and how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
I hope some will fall off tomorrow.
Officers, take them away.
We need some oracle to tell us what’s going on.
Some other time.
Have some others search.
Some people say that the earth shook as if it had a fever.
Some say the lark makes a sweet division between day and night.
It’s the same kind of guy who got you upset and made you suspect I’d cheated on you with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple must have taken the counter-order, who came after Clarence was already buried.
Some of them give me money, some invite me places, some thank me for the kind things I’ve done for them, some try to sell me things.
Some people will laugh at anything, and others are so grouchy they won’t even crack a smile when they hear something hysterically funny.
Some people kiss shadows.
Some of you go to Decius’s house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius’s.
Some should go to the public platforms and cry out, “Liberty, freedom, and democracy!” People and senators, don’t be afraid.
There were twenty Montagues fighting in this awful riot, and together those twenty could only kill one man.
Some villain has told lies about me.
Some villains in my court must have known about this and let it happen.
Bring in more wine!
Somebody’s knocking.
Someone deliver the order that Buckingham be brought to Salisbury.
Something about Cyprus.
You’ve probably heard about the “change” that’s come over Hamlet—that’s the only word for it, since inside and out he’s different from what he was before.
It was urgent and important enough to require his personal presence.
Whatever we decide to do.
There must be some political news from Venice, or some dangerous plot here in Cyprus has ruined his good mood.
Sometimes I’ll turn into fire!
Sometimes snakes wrap around me, hissing at me with their forked tongues till I go crazy.
Sometimes I appeared in many places at once.
Sometimes she rides over a courtier’s lips, and he dreams of making money off of someone.
Sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me.
Son, I’ll stake you half that Bianca comes.
it pleases you, I’ll meet you in the marketplace at five and will keep you company until bedtime.
I hope I see him and hear him again soon.
But you have to.
Really, I’ll help.
Truly, madam, I don’t hear anything.
Sorrow interrupts all hours and seasons.
I’m sorry my noble brother is suspicious of me.
He’s killed three people, and he’s so furious right now that the only thing that will satisfy him is seeing you die.
Pronounce them—it is just as nice to say.
Play the music.—Take my hands, my queen, and we’ll lull these people to sleep with our soft dancing.
Blow the trumpet!
Soundly, my lord.
Queen of Egypt, greetings!
A prison like that would give me enough liberty.
Didn’t you clearly say “Knock,” “pound,” and “put your fists to work”?
Are you talking about Caesar?
Did you speak to him?
Were you talking about Juliet?
Don’t worry about the cost.
Try again.
Speak one rhyme, and I’ll be satisfied.
Say it again—just one word, and my hand, which killed your lover out of love, will kill your far truer lover.
If you wish to speak of love, speak more softly.
No more talk about my father; you’ll be whipped for slander one of these days.
Don’t argue against it.
Don’t talk about Helena.
Don’t be crass.—You all look confused.
Don’t say anything.
Speak once again.
Speak softly.
You’re right.
Perform the speech just as I taught you, musically and smoothly.
Pass the order along.
Don’t speak of this again.
Say something.
Good night to you.
Talk to him.
Speak plainly.
Tell me what you are.
You can speak to me.
Speak to us.
We should speak what we feel, not what we ought to say.
Keep your voice down.
Say something again.
But tell me what you’re fighting about.
Do you really speak like such a gentleman?
Tell me what it’s about.
What is it, Agrippa?
Speak, Claudio, that’s your cue.
Hands, speak for me!
Speak, I command you.
Speak.
Speak, if you can.
Tell me, is it missing?
Say something, man!
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair one, and speak fairly, I beg you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus.—Thisbe, come forward.
Speak up and tell me!
Speak, speak.
Say something!
Speak.
Tell me.
Tell us.
Say something.
Are you serious?
Are you speaking from your heart?
Send him on his way quickly.
Here’s some money for you.
Spirit, we have to get ready to meet with Caliban.
Yes, they’re spirits that I’ve called out of their prisons to perform my whims.
Let lightning spit fire!
Spoken like a brave man who respects his reputation.
Well said!
It’s going to be fun, I promise.
Sport?
Let the rain spray!
Step aside.
Stand aside, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stay hidden and listen.
Stand further away.
Stand close together, in case someone loyal to Caesar tries to— Don’t talk about standing together.—Publius, cheer up.
Stay here, Titinius.
Stand away from the body.
Stand away from the hearse.
Stay right here and try to look good.
Don’t stand there shocked.
Stand still.
Since it’s drizzling, stand under this overhang with me and, like a true drunk, I’ll tell you everything.
Stop right there!
Prepare yourselves.
Stand up.
Watch me: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave.
Stand up if you’re really a man.
Stop.
Halt.
Halt!
Stand and fight, you overdressed servant, fight!
Halt!
Is he standing or sitting?
Is Scotland the same as when I left it?
Stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him, and I laughed and refused to flee with him.
Stanley, Richmond is your wife’s son.
Stanley, pay attention to your wife’s doings.
Stanley, what news do you have?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius waved the torchlight at us, but he hasn’t come back.
Stay and speak!
Stay here for a moment.
Stay here.
Don’t stay to answer me—get going.
Don’t stay here, go away.
Hold the friar too.
Wait until I read the letter.
Stay with us tonight.
Hang on a second.
Wait, countrymen.
Don’t move, dog.
Well, that’s an  Stay, fellow.
Stay, lovely Helena.
Give me a goblet.—Hamlet, this pearl’s yours.
You do Stay, Please, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay here for a bit.
Wait, madam.
Stay here at your own risk.
Wait, don’t stand next to each other.
Stay, then.
Stop, even if only to kill me.
Wait, Tybalt, wait!
Stay and tell me more.
Stay!
Did it stay a long time?
My name’s Stephano, and I’ve come to tell you my mistress will arrive here at Belmont before sunrise.
CALIBAN  Stephano!
Stephano!
Let me go, gentlemen.
It’s all still yours.
Indulge us further and supplement our performance with your own imaginings.
All I ever did was tell him how hurtful and bad it was.
with the same accessories.
The voice kept crying, “Sleep no more!” to everyone in the house.
Let them last forever.
I am still so faithful, my lord.
Are you still so cruel?
The cold wind’s still blowing through the hawthorn tree.
You still haven’t said anything incriminating.
Get up early tomorrow—at the sound of the lark—noble Norfolk.
That, stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he’s coming to England to claim the crown.
Gravestones have been known to move, and trees to speak, to bring guilty men to justice.
Really?
Kneel, Romans, kneel, and let’s wash our hands, up to the elbows, in Caesar’s blood and smear it on our swords.
Stop her!
Hold on a second.
Keep it from leaving, Marcellus.
If you stop up the keyhole, it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke.
Listen to him speaking in quarter notes!
I have to do these things before I have a chance to think about them.
Strangle her in her bed, the same bed she’s contaminated.
Strato, you’ve slept this whole time.
Play, trumpets!
Hitting his wife?
Don’t attack by land.
Light the candles!
Clink your cups together in a toast!
Beat the drum.
Play, I say!
Strike!
Hit them!
Small but brave in his surroundings, he’s trying to stand up against the wind and rain blowing back and forth.
But people often screw things up trying to make them better.
I’m coming, slut!
That was the limit for me.
No I won’t, even if you were one of the worst demons in hell.
You’re a natural-born philosopher!
Indeed, I would have such an exploit for you, Ligarius, if you were healthy enough to hear it.
That’s how sound a man you appeared.
Humble as I am, I represent Antony.
What my lord said I was.
Two unlucky children of these enemy families become lovers and commit suicide.
A woman owes her husband the same loyalty a subject owes his king.
They only feel the shadow of joy.
My lord, it’s news I wish I didn’t have to report.
We’ll probably witness many more outbursts from him, like banishing Kent.
The king was wearing exactly this armor when he fought the king of Norway.
It’s hard to make sense of such different stories.
The wind that scatters young men throughout the world, encouraging them to seek their fortunes some place other than home, where there’s little to be found in the way of experience.
Go to him, petition him.
Suffer love!
Suffolk died first, and York, cut to pieces, came to him where he lay in his blood and took him by the face, kissing his gashes.
Sunday is just around the corner.
Dinner is over, and we’re going to get there too late.
Give him your arm.
Imagine the French ambassador returning to inform Harry that the king offers him
He’s killed his wife!
I’m telling you, it’s hers.
Then sure ones.
Thank you, I’m sure.
I don’t think so.
But it’d take a miracle to make me believe she could do anything that horrible.
I’m sure I’ll never get married in the way my sisters say they’re married, loving their father only.
It would be bad if she knew about Benedick’s love and teased him about it.
I’m sure there was a herd of lions nearby.
Surely, Luciana, it’s already two o'clock.
These are tricks of the imagination, and this place is filled with magicians.
I really believe your cousin was falsely accused.
He’s a proper count, that Count Sugarplum, a sweet gentleman, for sure!
She and Susan—God rest her and all Christian souls—were born on the same day.
Swaggering?
Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra’s sails.
It’s dark, like my shoe.
Swear by her foot, so she can stamp out the oath.
Swear by my sword you’ll never mention what you’ve heard.
Swear by my sword.
He should swear by his two-faced self, and that’s an oath I’ll believe!
Don’t swear by the future, because you’ve ruined it before it has even arrived.
Swearing is for priests, cowards, overly cautious men, feeble old people, and those long-suffering weaklings who welcome abuse.
Swear your love for each other.
Dear Bassanio, my ships have all been wrecked.
Take  Beatrice, have you come because I called for you?
These were sweet omens!
Sweet Desdemona!
Dear friends, let’s go to bed.
My dear friends, thanks for your patience.
Sweet Hero; when I imagine you now, you seem as beautiful as you did when I first loved you.
Hello, sweet lady.
Madam, you’ve given me life and given me a living too.
My lord, if you have a free moment, I have a message from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Gentlemen, calm down.
Sweet men, come to him.
Sweet mistress—I don’t know what other name to give you, or how you’ve figured out mine—you seem as
Sweet Moon, I thank you for your sunny beams.
Now be quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, do not scorn me.
Sweet Phoebe, have pity on me.
My dear Portia, if you knew who I gave the ring to, for whose sake I gave the ring to him, why I gave it to him, and how unwilling I was to leave it when he wouldn’t accept anything but the ring, you wouldn’t be so angry.
Good Prince, say something!
There, Leonato, take your daughter back.
It’s nice of you to remind me.
Sweet saint, for goodness’s sake, don’t be so angry.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Dear Sir Toby, don’t do anything rash tonight.
My dear, let’s go inside and wait for them to arrive.
Sweetheart!
Sweetheart, go on.
My sweet, so do I.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what did my love Romeo say?
The sweetest nut has the sourest rind And Rosalind is that kind of nut.
Until her beautiful life’s end.
Sweet flowers for a sweet girl.
My heart feels like it’s full of poisonous snakes!
Keep going, keep going, or I’ll declare myself the winner.
No one ever gave a prayer like that before going to sleep.
By this sword” is an oath, and oaths must be kept.
I don’t
Damn it, show me what you’re going to do for her.
I swam ashore like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away this fool, gentlemen.
Get the lady out of here.
Take a good look, and you’ll see that one of the three men who rule the world has turned into a whore’s jester.
Don’t worry.
Hear everyone’s opinion, but reserve your judgment.
Rob them of the ability to count before the numbers against them overwhelm their courage.
Beware of the devil.
Watch Cassius.
Be careful not to fall in.
Be careful, Signior Baptista, lest you be made the dupe in this business.
Watch out, boy—remember I can whip you.
Take away this lout and whip him.
He was perfect in everything.
Take him away.
We’ll hit him on the head with the handles of our swords, then throw him in the wine barrel in the next room.
Carry him gently to bed, and every man be ready at his post when he awakes.
Go, take your sweetheart and leave him to me.
Take it and do that for me, and leave me alone for a while.
Take my remark in whichever sense you like.
Be happy about it.
Take it, brave York.
Take credit, God, for it is no one’s doing but yours.
Pick me up.
Take my sword.
Just ignore him.
Please don’t be offended that I don’t want to offend you any more.
Don’t take Helena’s side.
God doesn’t need to use indirect or illegal means to kill those who have offended him.
It’s not safe to be straightforward and honest.
Take some memento from us as a token of our gratitude, not as a fee.
Believe me, my friend, since I have the power to stop the prosecutors.
Take that, and that.
Get that fool out of here.
Take your cues from my own despair.
Take this, too.
Examine them yourselves, then bring me your findings.
Take them away.
Lead them inside.
But here come some people, right in the nick of time.
Take this.
You take the bill and I’ll take your yardstick.
Take three times your money.
Get out of my sight.
Show her in.
Take your penalty.
Don’t think I blame you.
Pick up her bed and carry her ladies out of the tomb.
Take off my mistress' gown for your master’s use!
Take up my mistress' gown for his master’s use!
Pick up the corpses.
Take up the body.
Take up the sword again, or take me up.
Pick up this rope ladder.
Take whatever wife you want to bed with you, You’ll have a fool’s head forever.
So go and put your stamp on the girl.
Take some men and horses and go to her.
Do you get what I’m saying, Reynaldo?
Please have a seat.
Take your time.
Don’t say anything else.
Don’t talk to me, because I won’t say a word.
Don’t talk to me.
Be quiet, Signior Gremio.
You’re talking about killing?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Talkers aren’t good doers.
Can’t you talk about anything besides ladies?
But wait a moment.
Wait, good Beatrice.
Wait a minute, Jew.
Wait, Petruchio, I should go with you.
Wait just a minute, you brazen hussy.
Wait, sweet Beatrice.
Wait for mine, sweet soul.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Just tell me what you want me to do, and however hard it is, you’ll see that I’m eager to do it.
Teach me how I should think and speak.
Tell me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him apart, tear him up!
He keeps tearing out his white hair, which the blindly raging winds catch up and blow away into nothingness.
May He bless you, too.
It’s a long story—and tough to listen to.
Short but still tedious?
Tell Antony that Brutus has been taken.
Tell her that I’ve been arrested and the money will be my bail.
Tell her my love is purer than anything else in the whole world, and has nothing to do with her property.
Tell her that the king, who has the power to command people, asks her.
Tell him he’s not going to speak with me.
Tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries.
Tell him I am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel before him.
Tell him I’ve spoken to my husband on his behalf, and I think everything will be all right.
Tell him I want to speak with him.
Tell him I’ll take the leek out of his hat on Saint Davy’s Day and slap his head with it.
Tell him my fury will abate, and I’ll take the crowns.
Tell him that the mayor, some citizens, and I have come to confer with his grace in matters of great importance concerning the general good.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he takes the news.
Tell him a messenger has arrived from my master with good news.
Tell him we could have driven him back at Harfleur but thought it unwise to burst a pustule before it had fully ripened.
Tell him, if he comes here, I’ll explain everything to him and, on my word, he’ll leave unharmed.
Tell him that when our noble father, the duke of York, gave his three sons his blessing, he never imagined that our friendship would come to this.
Tell me, who had him arrested?
Just tell me this: have you ever seen her holding a handkerchief with an embroidered strawberry pattern on it?
Tell me truthfully, do you love my sister?
Tell me so I can be sure, though I swear I recognize your voice.
Tell me seriously, who is the one you love?
Don’t tell me that you’ve heard about this marriage, Friar, unless you can tell me how to prevent it.
Tell me once more what you say.
Tell me.
Tell me that.
Tell me your idea first.
Answer me this, please: where’s the money I gave you?
What else you do know?
Tell me where you live.
Tell me why you did it.
Tell me your secrets.
Tell me what you want.
Tell me right now and stop fooling: where’s the money?
Tell me, my daughter Juliet, what is your attitude about getting married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, my good friend, what is that light over there?
Tell me, rainbow, do you know if either Venus, the goddess of love, or her son, Cupid, is accompanying Queen Juno?
Tell me, how is my mother?
Tell me, if your dark powers can see this far: will Banquo’s sons ever reign in this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, so I can cut it out of myself.
Tell me, you unknown power— He can read your thoughts.
Tell me, you villainous lowlife, where are my children?
Tell me, you monster, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Don’t tell me that.
Read the time there.
Tell the constable that.
Tell the hot-headed duke that I… But no, not yet.
Tell them you know that Hero loves me.
It’s too bad.
Tell us how it happened, noble Casca.
Tell us what happened today that put Caesar in such a serious mood.
Where is Polonius?
No harm was done.
I knew Temperance—she was a fine girl.
Don’t push him too far.
You just fell the height of ten ship masts, straight down.
Offer yourself more respect, or—not to beat this word to death—you’ll offer me the chance to be a laughing-stock.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Rulers abuse their power when they separate it from compassion.
What’s important is the urgency of this mission.
The ambassadors are back from Norway, sir.
I pledged my love to you before you asked me to.
Opportunity’s knocking for you, and in my imagination I see a crown dropping onto your head.
You are an honest man.
No one may be bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God”—that’s a good answer.
Thank you.
Thanks for that.
I thank your Highness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, my dear lord.
Thanks, good Egeus.
Thanks, my good countryman.
Thanks, Guildenstern and worthy Rosencrantz.
Thanks, Rosencrantz and worthy Guildenstern.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks, you brave men who defend this island and respect Othello.
Many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts.
That banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand Tybalts.
Take it back.
That “may be” must be, love, on Thursday.
In a way” is the right way to go.
You call that ranting?
What an idiot that monster is!
I was conceived by a woman, and I thank her very much for all her effort.
That with a series of legal writs, Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have put a hundred senators to death.
I can.
That won’t work, since I’m still reaping the rewards of that murder: my crown and my queen.
I swear to her that I haven’t, but it doesn’t change anything.
that mountain of insanity that wants to marry me, I could find it in my heart to stay here and become a witch myself.
Now, if courtiers were shepherds, that kind of courtesy would be unclean.
You’re wrong to kill me for loving you.
You’d better think up a way to defend yourself.
I’ve never heard of that.
Indeed I did, my lord.
I want very much to find out.
Now that’s done, I’m going to walk on the fortification walls.
When you’ve finished, go back to Pompey’s theater.
My dream told me that dreamers often lie.
That’s always true.
Oh, to think you’ve been rejected!
I wish I had not lived long enough to see him die.
She sees you with the eyes my daughter lent her, it’s true.
You’re so infatuated with him that you’re hallucinating.
That blind head of yours was created to make me rich.
I remember his face well.
followed you on your sad wanderings, ever since your bad luck began.
He left to fetch a necklace and he promised to bring it to the Porcupine, where I was dining with Balthasar.
I found that handkerchief by accident and gave it to my husband.
You gave that handkerchief, the one I loved and gave to you, to Cassio.
That’s what made him crazy.
No, he hasn’t.
That he had sex with you.
Oh God, do I have to remember that?
That he was never trained as a soldier.
Your head, my lord?
I’ll have Herod’s head chopped off!
I tried to play games with God, and he turned my fake prayer on my head, giving me for real what I’d asked for as a joke.
I ask that again because nothing can be wrong if she is well.
I saw that.
I did that to him.
When I fell in love with Othello I made up my mind that I wanted to live with him.
That I won’t stand for.
Your Highnesses can both attest to the fact that I’ve strived mightily, with all my wits and energy, to bring about this royal meeting between you two imperial Majesties.
Yes, I do, lady.
And  I feel that I love her.
So I can sleep away the time while my Antony is gone.
Who said that I was disdainful, and that I got all my best lines out of a bad joke book?!
We’ll see about that!
I’m just saying that if you’re good and beautiful, your goodness should have nothing to do with your beauty.
That’s another sin arising from your ignorance: you bring ewes and rams together and make your living by their copulation.
That’s because the murderer is alive.
That’s already been done, sir.
That’s enough for the senate.
That’s the one.
That’s like hot ice and strange snow.
That’s it.
That will be a good thing.
That’s the necklace I gave you, sir.
And that’s everything, Leonato.—Claudio, Benedick—my dear friend Leonato has invited you all to stay here at Messina.
That’s what we’re trying to say, sir.
If I’m not mistaken, that’s Portia’s voice.
What you’re doing is the way to make her scorn you continually.
Where that “sweetheart” said I was her husband!
the way trainers do with young hawks that flutter and flap and will not obey.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
Please leave it to me to take care of the burial, as I have more reason to mourn than you do.
Your last guess is right.
That light we see is coming from my hall.
Bring here The gentleman who advised you To give away your land.
That he felt for me the love that I begged him to feel for you.
No doubt, for you wear too many in the first place, and it might be more seemly to make do with fewer.
That might be the case sir,
I think that’s strange.
I rescued that ungrateful boy next to you from drowning.
That too.
You can’t trust anyone who abuses her own father, her flesh and blood.
They grow like savages—like soldiers who meditate on nothing but blood—surrounded by swearing and stern looks, ragged clothing and everything unnatural.
I’m going to take it from you now.
So now Sweno, the Norwegian king, wants a treaty.
That our clothes were drenched with sea water, but they came out looking brand-new.
Petruchio?
Those cowardly, gigantic sides of beef have been responsible for many of your family members getting eaten as a condiment on beef.
That villain, Romeo.
That’ll happen soon enough.
Yes, she will.
You’ll know about that later.
And then she brought me up, and I thank her for that, too.
I know that she is worthy of that love.
So that England may live a long life like this, let God say amen!
He said she was unfaithful?
Because she’s been chosen by Signior Hortensio.
That only proves how inexperienced you are.
The gentleman who serves you only for profit And is only superficially loyal to you Will take off when it starts to rain And leave you alone in the storm.
Could that be a lawyer’s skull?
I can’t get that song out of my head tonight.
That our grandmother’s soul could end up inhabiting a bird.
If there were anything inside their heads, they could never wear such heavy helmets.
I’d give up my life and take my son’s place in the mud on the ocean floor if I could see them alive in Naples.—When did you lose your daughter?
I thought that thing you’re talking about was a man.
That you love my daughter to spite your soul.
I want you to see the difference between us, so I pardon you even before you ask for a pardon.
In the same hour, and in the same inn, a poor woman also delivered identical twin boys.
You couldn’t see him, but I could.
Probably because my cousin the villain would have killed my husband.
You said it when you were furious.
The noise is coming from over there.
Why do we party until we’re like animals?
That really is an illegitimate hope.
He’d really be your proxy if he married you.
The alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold.
No, the one I gave you.
What looks like a horse is quick as thought disfigured by the wind, made as difficult to distinguish as water poured into water.
I’m good at everything that ordinary men can do.
My fears can’t actually make you evil.
That will happen before sunset.
I’ll do that.
Or at least that’s what I plan to do before I let you go.
I’ll do that, because I have to tell my brother how you forgave him, Rosalind.
I’ll give the first one, Pompey.
Yes, even if I die an hour later.
I will.
That will never happen.
I’ve fought my way through obstacles twenty times more terrifying than you with this weapon.
Yeah, that would get every single one of us executed.
Yes, even if I had whole kingdoms to give along with her.
I will, even if I were king of all kingdoms.
What you were afraid of has happened.
I have no doubt that you love me.
I think you’re denying what you really are.
My evidence that you have wronged me is that you condemned and disgraced Lucius Pella for taking bribes here from the Sardinians, and you ignored my letters, where I argued that he was innocent; I know the man.
That’s what I want you to tell me.
He and I will be there.
By watching their show, you’ll find out everything you’re likely to know.
We don’t want you to think we came here to offend you, except that we want to offend you with our good intentions.
That young man who was just here.
That since she’s mad herself, she’s married a madman.
She says something, sir, but I will not repeat it to you.
That?
Yes, that’s the one.
That is a certain truth.
That’s a step in the direction of love.
Some water will fix that.
That’s not good.
That’s a lame threat from a toy gun, a poor individual’s private displeasure with a monarch.
That’s a good point.
It doesn’t matter how I am: he hurt me, and that’s that.
That doesn’t matter.
That’s all I wanted to know.
You imply that married men are fools.
That’s as good as proof that the sweet young man’s in love.
That’s for to me to decide.
That’s true—if the devil’s judging her.
That’s true.
That’s worse.
That’s good.
You mean the man who used to be Othello?
That’s what’s driving her crazy.
That’s merciful but a bit careless.
That’s more than we know.
That upsets me much more than getting wet.
Yes, I’m sure he will—to stay with you.
That’s my brave lord!
That’s what I’m afraid of.
That’s good, my boy.
That’s noble of you, master.
Well, that’s really my job.
That’s my sister.
That’s not a job for a friend, my lord.
That’s not good.
That’s not in her favor.
That can’t be.
That’s not the tune I had in mind.
That’s one of them.
That’s our offer.
That governs the torso and heart, doesn’t it?
That’s strange.
In the end I grudgingly consented.
That’s the next thing on the agenda.
Now I’ve said it twice.
Those are only two of his weapons.
That’s definitely true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “passionate” duke?
Well, it’s as plain as the beaten path to a parish church.
The advancement of your children, noble lady.
The adventurous knight will wave around his sword and shield, the lover will be rewarded for his sighs, the crazy character can rant all he wants, the clown will make everybody laugh, and the lady character can say whatever’s on her mind, or I’ll stop the play.
How long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot?
There’s always a breath of fresh air here.
The air is sweet and appeals to my refined senses.
The sun itself has never seen anyone as beautiful since the world began.
You know what they say.
Her eyes are like April: full of showers.
It will likely be a bloody fight.
You refused me both.
Foreign savages who eat their own children for dinner will be as close to my heart as you, ex-daughter of mine.
So then the Poles won’t be willing to defend it.
The lowest part of his hoof is more musical than Pan’s pipe.
The East is very seductive.
Yes, he was hotheaded even in the prime of his life.
I’ll do the best I can, my lord.
The best plays are still only illusions, and the worst are just as good, if you just use your imagination to fill them in.
The best news of all is that we’ve located our king and our men.
The highest-ranking?
That will please God, who has him now.
You’re better off because of your friends.
Better, since your lordship was nice enough to ask.
To escape the decree condemning me
The blows I gave you already will make up for your upsetting me.
May heaven bless you.
The boy is warning me that someone approaches.
The boy was going to support me in my old age!
When such a great man dies there should be a thunderclap.
The bridegroom is already here.
The British forces are on their way here.
We must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again.
Political business is bothering him, and he’s just taking it out on you.
This man looks like his business is urgent.
I must go and continue the business Fulvia started.
The chicken is burning, the pig is overcooked, the clock has already struck twelve, and my mistress has clocked me one on the cheek.
The captain who brought me to shore has my women’s clothes.
The captain—give it to the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers—where the swords hang.
Our noblemen are battling bravely.
The reason is that it’s what I want.
When a great leader dies he doesn’t die alone but, like a whirlpool, draws others with him.
Give me the necklace!
The Tower’s chaplain has buried them, but to tell you the truth, I don’t know where.
There are parents living whose children you have butchered; they are now old withered plants who will moan over their losses as they grow old.
It carried us toward Corinth–or so we thought.
The citizens are around, and Tybalt is dead.
I’ve got my answer.
The clock struck three.
I sent the Nurse at nine o'clock.
I pick the younger one.
Here come the conspirators.
For the enemy, see—and you can explain this to the duke, see—has dug its own tunnels four yards below ours.
And what’s the point, sir?
What I’m saying is, your jealousy has pushed your husband away from his sanity.
The Constable of France.
The problem is in what the letter says, as far as I can tell.
Is that the rope ladder Romeo told you to pick up?
The Count Claudio will marry Leonato’s daughter.
That duke who lives nearby is courting her.
The count is neither sad nor sick nor cheerful nor well—he’s just civil, as Seville as an orange, with the same jealous-yellow complexion.
The count’s messenger, Cesario.
The court awards it and the law authorizes it.
The cowslip flowers are her bodyguards.
What, aren’t you a Christian?
The crows flying down below look as small as ants.
Everyone keeps yelling, “Here they come!” Our castle is strong enough to laugh off their seige.
creet.
The curfew-bell rang.
It’s out of fashion to give lengthy explanations like that.
The Dauphin really wants it to be morning.
The Dauphin, whom we asked for reinforcements, sends back the answer that he’s not yet in a position to raise so great an army.
Day has broken.
The day is well on its way.
You won it.
The day will come when you’ll wish I could help you cast spells against this poisonous, hunchbacked toad.
The day, my friends, and everything await me.
I’ll give you the most expensive ring in Venice, and I’ll make a public announcement to help me find it.
This isn’t the death of one man.
It’s now late at night, and actions must accommodate bodily needs, which we’ll satisfy with only a short rest.
This terrible storm has smashed the Turks so badly that their plans are ruined.
May the devil turn you black, you white-faced fool!
I’ll prove with my sword that I’m not scared of you.
It’s the devil speaking through him.
The hell with order!
The night air is too raw and cold for us to stay outdoors.
This song’s about my dead father.
The door is open, sir.
A tiny spot of evil casts doubt on their good qualities and ruins their reputations.
The drink, the drink!
To hell with this idiot!
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
The duke will be here tonight?
He needs to see you right away.
The Duke and any of my fellow senators will take this wrong as seriously as if it were their own.
The Duke’s in a meeting?
The duke is temperamental.
The duke will agree with me on that.
You’ll fight with him eventually, and  The duke, my father, loved his father very much.
You’re on very good terms with the duke of Exeter.
The duke of Exeter has held the bridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, who has command over the siege, is in consultation with an Irishman, a very valiant gentleman indeed.
The duke of York sends your Majesty his respects.
The Duke’s in a meeting right now, and he’s sent for you too.
It’s wrong for the duke to do this.
Good Captain Blunt, tell the earl goodnight from me, and tell him that by two in the morning I would like him to visit my tent.
The rooster has already crowed twice.
We meant to tell the king that his orders have been carried out, and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth has bubbles, just like the water, and these creatures must have come from a bubble in the earth.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The Earth is nature’s mother and also nature’s tomb.
I hope you have good weather to set your mind at ease.
The Emperor is calling for Canidius.
The enemy approaches with great display.
The enemy gets larger each day.
If we meet him at Philippi, these people will be at our backs.
The English are in the field, French lords.
The English army, sir.
The English army is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward, and the good Macduff.
The level meadow, where the freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover once grew, has become useless: unmowed, it grows to seed, so that nothing springs up but weeds, rough thistles, barren plants, and burs.
The evil that men do is remembered after their deaths, but the good is often buried with them.
The excuse you make to delay the news is longer than the news itself.
I won’t give up this child for all of Fairyland.
I’ll take responsibility for it.
It is not destiny’s fault, but our own faults, that we’re slaves.
And it’s all your fault.
In the beautiful city of Verona, where our story takes place, a long-standing hatred between two families erupts into new violence, and citizens stain their hands with the blood of their fellow citizens.
Your life insurance?
This messenger is wise.
The devil’s advice is nicer.
The devil inside him is rough, but we can’t treat it roughly.
The devil in him is strong!
This box was tested in the fire seven times.
My first question for Nerissa is whether she’d rather wait till tomorrow night or go to bed now, since there are only two more hours till morning.
With the help of the grim  The first to greet me there was my great
He was like a schoolboy who finds a bird’s nest and happily shows it to his friend, who then steals it from him.
The enemy is making its appearance on the battlefield.
Sheep pens are empty in the middle of the flooded fields, and the crows get fat from eating the dead bodies of infected sheep.
What a crazy island this is.
What seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter.
The fool will stay.
That you lift the death sentence on my servant, who killed a rowdy and belligerent former servant of the duke of Norfolk.
It’s the former Hero!
The nasty devil’s biting my butt.
The devil’s after me!
The devil sings like a nightingale to haunt Poor Tom.
The foul plan backfired on me.
The foulest fate would be most appropriate for me now in this latest phase of my life.
The four suitors are looking for you so they can say goodbye, madam.
The French ambassador arrived at that moment and asked to see the king.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French have retreated, see, and there were great acts of courage.
We’re sitting ducks for the French, if they only knew it, for there is no one guarding it but boys.
The leftovers from the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet.
The only profit I seek is a peaceful match.
Tonight is for celebrating!
The warships have sent a dozen messages tonight, one after the other, and many of the senators have been awakened and are at the Duke’s already.
The games are done and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be closed by then, and harsh and hard-hearted soldiers, who have tasted blood, will have free reign to commit whatever violence they want, mowing down your lovely young virgins and budding infants.
The general and his wife are talking about it now, and she’s defending you strongly.
The general is talking to you!
The generals want to speak with us.
The gentleman she danced with told her you insulted her.
The gentleman insists on fighting a round with you, for the sake of his honor.
I wish you all the best.
The glove which I have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear.
The glowworm’s light is beginning to fade, so morning is near.
A god of a god?
The gods are fair, and they use our little vices to punish us.
The gods know— Oh, never has a queen been so betrayed as I have been.
May the gods destroy you!
Heaven help her!—Get him out of here for now.
The gods protect him from so great a shame!
The gods do this to test my bravery.
The gods forbid!
May the gods bless Antony today!
May God reward you for your kindness!
The gods forbid!
The gold I gave Dromio is safe and sound at the Centaur, and the inn host says that Dromio has left and is looking for me.
Our jailers will shrivel up with old age before they make us cry again.
Hello, everyone!
The gown was made just as my master was directed.
Darkness is stumbling out of the sun’s path like a drunk man.
The storm separated us.
His insane period is over.
We have lost a major portion of the world through utter foolishness.
The larger part, the main body of cavalry, are coming with Cassius.
But our courage should only be the greater for that.
The biggest clue is his seriousness.
The ground is brown.
The ground is bloody.
The hand of death has taken him.
The handkerchief!
Cut off their heads?
Her heart is carrying a heavy weight.
But these days, people give each other their hands without their hearts.
Don’t disturb the heavens any more by trying to go against heaven’s will.
God willing, our love and our happiness will only increase as we get older.
The heavens only announce the deaths of princes.
I showed it to you once.
The higher the Nile flows, the better the harvest.
You agreed to send me troops and weapons when I needed them.
Which one of you is the lady of the house?
The hour of death is approaching.
It’s getting late.
The house will be so much quieter.
The wound can’t be that bad.
Princes travel across deserts and the vast wilderness of Arabia to come see the beautiful Portia.
This is rebellion.
Seleucus’ ingratitude makes me wild.
But I have the meantime.
The clock has chimed midnight.
With half the world opposing the other half, it wasn’t the time for Antony, the pivotal player, to let love distract him.
The Jew will have justice.
I’ll give the Jew my flesh, blood, bones, and everything before you lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you took from me to deliver to Desdemona would’ve made even a nun want to sleep with me.
May the god of power make me, the weakest of the weak, your mediator.
If its juice is put on someone’s eyelids while they’re asleep, that person will fall in love with the next living creature he or she sees.
The king and the prince are praying.
The king and queen are coming down with everyone else.
The king is coming here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king performs more wonders than seem humanly possible, challenging every enemy he sees.
The king acts unnaturally—father against child.
The king has broken his heart.
The king has agreed to every point: first his daughter, then everything else, as you strictly proposed.
The king has heard them, but as yet has made no answer.
The king has been informed of all their plans, but they have no idea.
The king has strictly forbidden it.
The king rode out alone to view their troops.
The king will be offended to find out that his messenger is so badly treated.
The king is coming.
The king is virtuous and kind.
The king is insane.
The father and the master and the king didn’t order their subordinates' deaths when they ordered their services.
The king is not responsible for it.
My uncle the king is to blame for this.
The king my father?!
The king of Naples, my arch-enemy, listens to my brother’s request, which was that the king, in exchange for the respect and money paid to him, would get rid of me and make my brother Duke of Milan instead.
The king is getting up.
I’ll drink to Hamlet’s health, and into his goblet I’ll drop a pearl even more costly than those in the crowns of the last four Danish kings.
The king will already have left Southampton.
The king wants to speak with Cornwall.
The king, his brother, and your brother are all waiting there in a crazed state of mind, and the rest are grieving over them, sad and astonished.
Sir, the king— Yes, what about him?
The king, sir, has bet that in a dozen rounds between you and Laertes, he won’t beat you by more than three hits.
The king has bet six Barbary horses, and he has prepared six French rapiers and daggers with all their accessories.
The king, the king’s to blame.
The king?
The king’s a dear boy with a heart of gold, he’s a lively lad, a wag, born of fine parents, good with his fists.
The king’s in bed.
I sent the king’s son off by himself to a faraway nook on the island, where he’s sitting now sighing, with his arms crossed like this.
The king’s son, Ferdinand, with his hair standing straight up—it looked like reeds, not hair—was the first person to jump, shouting, “Hell is empty, and all the devils are here!” Good job!
The fool’s a good actor.
The work we enjoy is not really work.
Her ladies-in-waiting saw her go to bed, and early this morning the bed was empty.
Lady Beatrice is angry with you.
The lady has died because of the false accusations of me and my master.
Lady Strachy married her wardrobe manager.
The lady’s overdoing it, I think.
At the bottom, any change is for the better.
Good-bye to you, the last of all the Romans.
Most noble Antony!” Then, as she was speaking your name, a strangled groan split her words.
Did I do anything good to myself?
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law has another hold on you.
Be happy that you’re alive.
I make the laws, not you.
The lack of time and the risk I’m under will have to keep us from bonding and catching up on each other’s news the way we usually would after not seeing each other for so long.
The less they deserve, the more your generosity is worth.
The letters he spoke of may help me.
The lieutenant has to get to heaven before the ensign.
Lieutenant Cassio will be on guard duty tonight.
The life”?
There’s a similar mark on her arm.
Your lives are over.
Look at the three little dogs, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—all barking at me.
I wish I could give you the little strength that I have.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord in heaven bless you, noble Harry!
The Lord Mayor is knocking.
The Lord keep him from the title of king!
Sometimes the love my subjects bring me is inconvenient, but I still accept it as love.
Lunatics, lovers, and poets all are ruled by their overactive imaginations.
Signed,    The poorly treated Malvolio.” Did he write this?
The main body of the army is expected here any hour now.
The man’s going crazy.
The man in the moon!
The man hasn’t done anything wrong.
But in spite of all this, the man is still wealthy enough.
The man should be inside the lantern.
The man that once sold the skin of a lion while the beast still lived died hunting him.
How did they die?
The sailors are all below deck, sleeping both from their labor and from a magic spell I cast over them.
The marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What is it?
Picture the mayor and all his brother citizens dressed in their best as they go forth like senators of ancient Rome to welcome home their conquering Caesar.
The mayor is here at hand.
In the meantime, I’ll raise an army that will surpass his.
The meat was fine if you wanted to eat it.
The merchandise you bring from Rome is too expensive for me.
The mercy that was alive in me a moment ago was smothered and killed by your own advice.
The messenger arrived on my watch and is unloading his mules at your tent.
These are the messengers from my sister and the king.
The Venetians are waiting for their food.
Call the messengers!
The powerful dukes Gloucester and Buckingham.
I pray that the mighty gods defend you!
My mind and courage will never falter with doubt or shake with fear.
The moment they planned to act is almost here.
The muffled queen”?
The money you owe me for the necklace.
The moon has set.
The moon looks sad to me.
The moon’s bright tonight.
The moon?
The Moor’s mind has already become infected with my poisonous suggestions.
The Moor’s killed my mistress!
The Moor himself is still at sea.
The Moor says the man you hurt is very important in Cyprus, and that under the circumstances he has no choice but to refuse to reinstate you.
The Moor is being tricked by some crook, some terrible villain, some rotten bastard.
The more fool you for betting on my loyalty.
Then you’re a fool for being sad that your brother’s soul is in heaven.
The more I hate him, the more he follows me around.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
The more I pray, the less I get out of it.
The more I suffer, the more spiteful he becomes.
It’s a pity that fools aren’t allowed to speak wisely about the foolish things that wise men do.
It’s too bad some mutual friend of theirs doesn’t introduce them.
The weather is fair.
The morning is approaching.
That pretty boy, Claudio?
May you die of the worst disease!
The most you hope for was for her to marry wealthy and rise up the social ladder—that was your idea of heaven.
I second that
His soul is as dull as night and dark as the underworld.
Up here you can’t even hear the waves crashing against the rocks.
Musicians, come in!
The name of Cassius gives credit to these corrupt actions, and so they go unpunished.
The bearer of bad news is often blamed for it.
Our closest relatives are the ones most likely to murder us.
The news is true, my lord.
The next hailstone should hit Caesarion, until one by one all my children, and every one of my brave Egyptians, are killed by the dissolving of this pellet storm and lie unburied, covered by gnats and flies.
She’ll fall madly in love with the first thing she sees when she wakes up—even if it’s a lion, a bear, a wolf, a bull, a monkey, or an ape.
The next bit of good news is that our ship—which we gave up for ruined only three hours ago—is as well-outfitted and seaworthy as it was when we first set sail.
The night has been chaotic.
The noble Brutus told you that Caesar was ambitious.
Noble Brutus has mounted the platform.
The Duke of Cornwall, my master and patron, is arriving tonight.
The nobleman’s are as huge as the underfed villager’s.
The noise they’re making will wake up Demetrius.
The note is a big fat liar if it says I said so.
The oars were made of silver, and the oarsmen rowed in time to flute music.
They’ve eaten themselves sick.
The owl made noise all night.
There is nothing distinctive, nothing remarkable left in the world.
The old guy.
There’s no room for the old man and his followers.
Leonato’s daughter had told us everything.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
Lysander I want to stop, but Hermia stops my heart from beating.
One of them is too much like a painting of a man—he never speaks—and the other is too much like a spoiled little boy, always chattering.
One of them contains my picture.
This one talks about how Roderigo should kill Cassio.
One of the sisters poisoned the other out of love for me, and then killed herself.
One, so they can save the money they spent on hairstyling, and two, so that when their hair falls out it doesn’t land in their dinner.
If any of my relatives find you here they’ll kill you because of who you are.
But I reversed the death sentence.
The other girl did not love me.
The other half goes to the state.
The other half goes to the state.
So all the work that oxen and farmers have done in plowing the fields has been for nothing, because the unripe grain has rotted before it was ripe.
We don’t want it at our festivities.
A backbiting friend, one who grabs people, who patrols the streets and passageways.
The fool’s nice enough, but he’s such a huge eater, and slow as a snail when he works.
The people have heard it already, and they’ve been told of his accusations.
The people are on my side, and I’m in charge of the sea.
The enemy’s losses have been very great, pretty substantial.
Carriage” makes it sound like it’s pulling around a cannon.
The pig or the mighty or the huge or the magnanimous—they all mean the same thing, with some variation.
You can see how it is all around.
The play’s the thing to uncover the conscience of the king.
Actors can’t keep a secret.
Then get to work, poison!
That part is up to you.
The sails were dyed purple, and they were perfumed so heavily that they made the air seem dizzy with love.
This world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time not one man has ever actually died from love.
This strong poison’s overpowering me.
The pound of flesh that I want from him was very expensive.
He has both my power and my influence over Octavia.
The British troops are coming near.
The prayers of saints and those that Richard wronged support us like high-walled fortresses.
The Prince and Claudio are supposed to be here by now.—You know your job, brother.
Look, it’s the Prince and Mr. Love.
The prince has far outgrown me.
The prince of Arragon has taken his oath, and he’s coming to make his choice now.
The Prince will give you the death penalty if you get caught.
The Prince’s fool”!
I know they do, and I certainly deserve it.
Kate, my wooing is fit for your understanding: I am glad your English isn’t better.
No one shows mercy because he has to.
If it were nothing, you wouldn’t need to hide it.
The fight is between our masters, and we men who work for them.
The Queen is coming.
The queen drinks to your good luck and happiness, Hamlet.
The queen wants you to chat with Laertes—politely—before you begin your match.
I’ll give the Queen a hearing and grant her requests if she either throws her dishonored friend out of Egypt or kills him.
The Queen will be treated fairly if she gives me up?
The queen your mother is upset, and sent me to see you.
The queen is dead, my lord.
The Queen is here, my lord.
We need a more appropriate place to discuss Cordelia and her father.
The reasons for his death are recorded in the Capitol.
It’s better to act virtuously rather than vengefully.
The interest rate will be— Well, Shylock?
So that’s what I’ll do, not because I love her but because I’ll get something out of it.
The reason I think he’s insane, besides the way he just acted, is that he told a senseless story over lunch about being locked out of his own house.
There’s a nice reason why the constellation Pleiades has only seven stars in it.
Damn you for teaching me your language!
Come to my cave and tell me the rest of your story.—Good old man, you are as welcome here as your master is.
We’ve all come out to see what will happen.—Go, Hercules!
The rest of the dead are princes, barons, lords, knights, squires, and gentlemen of birth and rank.
Everyone else, march on with me.
Everyone else will have to stay single.
Please go on.
The partygoers have arrived.
You shouldn’t have to see the punishment we inflict on your father.
The fractured world, in its confusion, should send lions into the city streets and humans into the wilderness to live in lions’ dens.
The royal tree has left us other fruit, which, with time, will do just fine on the throne and make us all happy as king, I’m sure.
The saddle maker has it, sir—I didn’t keep it.
He’s a good man.
That’s me.
You left him out in the storm in the black night, bareheaded, a storm so terrible that if it had happened at sea, the waters would have risen up and extinguished the fire burning in the stars.
The second cock crowed.
Someone else has the same name, but he’s a better man.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
Their messengers are ready, waiting to deliver our response in these matters.
It’s shameful, and we have to make some changes right away.
The ship was already sailing.
The lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard.
This is a horrible sight.
Yes, what about him?
And those eyes were endowed with sight by Claudio, the Prince, and me.
For it is written in the book of Numbers: “When the man dies, let the inheritance descend unto the daughter.” Gracious lord, claim what is yours.
The sister of my wife, this lady here, is married to your son.
The sky shows countless stars.
The forests, the skies, the mountains, everything around us seemed to echo the barks of the hounds.
The skin is good for your cracked head.
The sky frowns and scowls on our army.
The sky’s so dark it looks like it would rain down boiling hot tar if the sea weren’t swelling up to the sky to put its fire out.
Only children are afraid of scary pictures.
You gave us the slip, sir, the slip.
The flags have fallen.
He is the son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son ran away.
Edward’s sons have been carried off by the angels and Anne, my wife, has bid good night to the world.
Very soon, because you want it.
The sorrow that I feel actually belongs to you, and the high life you enjoy actually belongs to me.
When a great person departs, it causes more pain than when the soul leaves the body.
The sound is going away.
My father’s spirit is growing in me, and I won’t take this any longer.
The spirit is torturing me.
The spirits that know the future have told me this: “Don’t be afraid, Macbeth.
The source from which your royal blood comes has been stopped.
Spring, summer, fertile autumn and angry winter have all changed places, and now the confused world doesn’t know which is which.
Our guiding light is out.
Cover the sky with a low-hanging fog, as dark as hell, and get these overeager rivals so completely lost in the woods that they can’t run into each other.
The storm has begun and everything is at stake.
The original story was written in the finest Italian.
The strangers are all gone.
Claudio!
I’ve told you everything I know.
The sun glints off our armor.
The sun is up and we’re wasting the day!
The groans you used to make are still ringing in my old ears.
He was more faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime.
The sun will not appear today.
You mean the sun!
The sweet and bitter fool Will appear right away.
I enjoyed a sweeter rest than sleep.
Since you left, I’ve been enjoying the sweetest sleep and most promising dreams I’ve ever had, my lords.
The table’s full.
The taming school?
The candle is burning in your study, sir.
But this storm in my mind keeps me from feeling anything except what’s tormenting me—how ungrateful my children are!
Your sweet brother wanted to come meet you, but his mother wouldn’t let him.
As king, I cannot risk the danger he represents as he grows crazier by the hour.
The testament!
Your words are idiotic.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threaten me have only seen my back.
It’s easier to rule a third of the world than a wife like that.
Then a third of the world is drunk.
I won’t be satisfied until I get even with him, wife for wife.
almost read people’s thoughts.
The nine Muses mourning the death of learning and scholarship.” That’s some sharp, critical satire, and it’s not appropriate for a wedding.
The crowd that follows Caesar at his heels—senators, justices, common petitioners—will suffocate a feeble man almost to death.
We can’t waste time between now and six o'clock.
There was a time when I would have been terrified by a shriek in the night, and the hair on my skin would have stood up when I heard a ghost story.
It used to be that when you knocked a man’s brains out he would just die, and that would be it.
This is that time.
We are free from his tyranny.
That’s very soon.
An era of universal peace is about to start.
By the future.
There was a time when you’d freely tell me that words were never music to your ear unless I said them, that objects never pleased your eye unless I showed them to you, that touches never pleased your hands unless they were my touches, and that food never tasted sweet to you unless I had prepared it.
You’ll find out everything in due time.
The town is besieged, and the trumpet calls us to the gap, and we talk and do nothing, by Christ.
The town is asking for a pause in the fighting for negotiation.
The whole town will riot!
The criminal is the one who stole the nest.
The treacherous weapon is right in your hand, sharp and dipped in poison.
I recognize something about that voice.
The three-beat rhythm is a good for dancing, and the church bells chime—one, two, three.
Bring the fancy clothes out of my house, to use as bait to catch these thieves.
The Turks are heading for Cyprus with a powerful fleet.
It was the most ruthless massacre this country has ever been guilty of.
The night’s too rough for humans to bear.
That word “judgment” makes me feel a bit guilty.
One criminal punishes another.
The brave experience death only once.
A jealous woman’s poisonous ranting is worse than the bite of a rabid dog.
We hope your poison has worn off and this day shall transform all grievances and quarrels into friendship.
There’s nothing more.
The second I saw you, my heart rushed to serve you and be your slave, so here I am now, a patient log-man.
This villain is much quicker than I am.
The duke went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain won’t escape.
The violet smells to him the same as it does to me.
That’s Cassio’s voice.
You’ve won the wager, and I will add twenty thousand crowns to what they owe you.
What’s the prize?
Since the wall is conscious, it should curse back at him.
The watchdogs bark.
The wide ocean doesn’t prevent them from coming to see her—they travel across it as if it were a little stream.
It’s dangerous out there.
The weakest fruit drops to the ground first, so let me drop.
The tiring journey seems to have made you gloomy.
We must remember the gravity of this sad day.
There’s still a bit of daylight in the sky.
He knows what?
I’ve got the whole barrel, man.
Antony’s wife should have an army to escort her, with neighing horses to announce her arrival long before she appears.
The wildest animal isn’t as cruel as you are.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind is filling your ship’s sail, and they’re waiting for you.
The wine of life has been poured out, and only the dregs remain.
Like hell she is!
The wisdom of your loyalty, fair Bianca, has cost me a hundred crowns since dinner.
The wiser the woman, the wilder.
The wolves have finished preying for the night, and look—the gentle dawn is rising, dappling the sleepy eastern sky with spots of light.
What’s amazing is how long he lasted.
Birnam Wood.
The word is too good to represent her wickedness.
The words expressly specify “a pound of flesh.” So take your penalty of a pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of Christian blood when you cut it, the state of Venice will confiscate your land and property under Venetian law.
The world doesn’t make laws to make you rich.
The whole world thought your father was an honorable man, but he was always my enemy.
The world has become so bad that now little wrens have settled where eagles used to roost.
The world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
The world’s huge.
It’s your turn now.
The young snake that escaped will in time become poisonous and threatening, but for now he has no fangs.
The silk came from sacred silkworms, and it was dyed with fluid made from embalmed virgins' hearts.
Your worst fault is being in love.
Little birds do it, and dragonflies copulate right in front of me.
The young generation rises while the old one falls.
is yours.” And, though I say so in his presence, if he’s not a friend of the best kings, you’ll find him king of the best friends.
I’ll take you and your wonderful virtues here and now, if it’s okay that I’m picking up what others have thrown away.
I am their aunt, and I love them like a mother.
Their forces are nearby.
They show their bloody heralds of battle, and something must be done immediately.
I brought my master news of Juliet’s death.
They got what they deserved.
Their guilt is finally starting to gnaw at them, like a slow-acting poison.
Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
Their lips, like four red roses on a stalk, touched.
Their illness confounds the most advanced techniques of modern medicine, but when he touches them, they heal immediately because of the power granted to him by heaven.
Their hounds are unequaled in courage.
Their names are marked.
Reading their mail isn’t as bad.
They’ve switched their operation to the sea today.
They made more money and got more attention in the city.
Their shadows are like a deadly canopy, under which our army lies, ready to die.
Yours are slow and awkward.
Their villainy nauseates me, and I must therefore vomit it up.
The rest of the king’s guests are already inside.
In that case it’s like the words of an unpaid lawyer.
Then it looks like Macbeth will become king.
Then I guess beggars are the ones with bodies, while ambitious kings and heroes are just the shadows of beggars.
Then she ran away to grieve alone.
All right, my lord.—How’s the king doing?
So be cheerful.
Then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes.
Then my children will probably be illegitimate.
Then say good-bye to me and tell me those tears were for my benefit.
Then both, or one, or anything you like.
So take me to see them.
Skip over all the particularities between then and Harry’s return to France.
And at the base of Pompey’s statue, with his cloak covering his face, which was dripping with blood the whole time, great Caesar fell.
Then please, put off your eating for a little while I, like a mother doe, find my fawn and bring it food.
So let me sleep next to you.
Then we’ll call this the Battle of Agincourt, fought on the day of Crispin Crispianus.
Besides that, he says that two meetings are going to be held tomorrow, and something may be decided at one of them that may make you and him, who are at the other, sorry.
Now I’m scared again.
And whoever lives to see that day Will walk with his feet.
She cursed Hastings then.
Then the writer imitated the one I composed to my steed, for my horse is my mistress.
Just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.
Then he says I didn’t return some ships he loaned me.
This means I’ve mistreated Edgar.
Then every soldier must kill his prisoners.
Then run away.
Then follow me and listen to my speech, friends.
Let’s go forth, dear countrymen.
Then let’s go in and hear what he has to say—though I think I can guess before the Frenchman has uttered a word.
Then God be praised, it  Petruchio, do whatever you like.
What does  You’d have a great hairstyle if you had.
So, the man would talk half as much as Benedick and be half as serious as Don John— And if he were handsome, agile, and rich, too, he could have any woman in the world—all he’d need was her good will.
Alright, let’s fight, boy!
Do you hear me?
Then do my lips now have the sin they took from yours?
So he’s dead?
Then Antony offered it to him again, and he refused it again (though, in my opinion, he was reluctant to take his hand off it).
He won’t have a chance.
Then he’s no good.
Then hear me, gracious sovereign, and all you peers who owe your lives and duty to this imperial throne.
Then heaven have mercy on me.
Then hurry up and rush over to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
So how can anyone say I’m alone, when the whole world is here to look at me?
Then I beat my drum, at which point they pricked up their ears and opened their eyes, looking around for the source of my music.
Then I rebel against you, stars!
What have I said in my grief?
Then I salute you with this royal title: long live Richard, England’s worthy king!
I’ll go see my mother soon.
Then I’ll call you a serving-creature.
Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
In that case I wish you were as good a man as a fish seller.
Then you and I and all of us fell down, while bloody treason triumphed.
Then I’ll be quick.
Then if he loses, it’ll be his swan song, music before the end.
Then if we lose this battle, you’ll be willing to be led in chains through the streets of Rome?
Then, in my tent, you can elaborate on your complaints, and I’ll listen.
Then Caesar and he will always be united.
That makes Lady Courtesy a traitor.
In that case, he’s more obliged to you than I am.
Then I guess the whole world is one.
There is laughter in heaven When earthly affairs are put right And people unite.
Then keep your vow, fellow, when you meet the man.
Then know that from my soul I love your daughter.
Then lead the way, father.
Then learn this from me: if you have something, you have it.
Then leave her, sir.
Then leave him out.
Our advance will so dazzle the enemy that England will cower in fear and surrender.
Then tell them to treat us well.
So find someone younger to love, or you won’t be able to maintain your feelings.
Let’s act quickly.
Then have your servants bring him out.
Therefore, you should obey their wishes.
Then you must take the truth I have to tell like a Roman.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Then make a circle around Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made this will.
Then meet me right away at the notary’s.
Then don’t move while I act out my prayer.
Then the wrong man is dead, and sweet revenge has gone wrong.
Then I have to assume you don’t want him to be king.
Then the Jew must show you mercy.
Then you would have to go beyond heaven, beyond earth.
Now that he’s old, we can expect to have to deal not only with his old character flaws, which have turned into deep-rooted habits, but also with the uncontrollable crabbiness that comes with old age.
When you record these sad events in your letters, please describe me exactly as I am.
Then no man has ever been honest.
Then I have offended no one.
Then one of you will warp and pull away—and there goes your marriage.
So be quiet.
So pardon him, dear father, for my sake.
Then patiently listen to my impatience.
I love rich Capulet’s daughter.
Then tell her my loving story in simple terms.
And that’s true—he  Then I pleaded for you.
Then pack up your instruments and go away.
So you couldn’t see his face, then?
Then hurry up and tell me what you want.
Tell us what you know about this affair.
Then you might as well say they’re not dead.
I’ll bleed to death.
Then I will swear to Kate and you to me, and may our oaths be faithfully kept and prove fortunate.
Then Octavia’s complaints will rouse Caesar, and as I said before, the thing that brought them together will part them.
Then we’ll be stuffed with news.
Then tomorrow we’ll find that they feel only like eating, not like fighting.
Nell.
Then she is well, and nothing is wrong.
Show me.
But I slip from underneath her and she falls down, crying, “Ow, my butt!” and starts coughing, and then everyone laughs and has fun.
I’ve heard a lot more.
Then stay with us.
Then he swore he was a stranger here.
Well, take him on up and we’ll try to pull it off.
Then tell me if Antonio can be called a brother.
So, tell me, assuming I win your daughter’s love, what dowry would she bring to the marriage?
Therefore, tell me, what is he doing at sea?
Then the liars are fools, for there are enough liars in the world to beat up the honest men and hang them.
Then he’s the whining schoolboy, with a book bag and a bright, young face, creeping like a snail unwillingly to school.
Then there must be no lovers in the forest, either, because they’re as good as a clock, marking the lazy foot of time with a sigh every minute and a groan every hour.
Then there’s the Count Palatine.
Then there would be two cousins lying sick in bed: one hurt by reasons and the other gone crazy without any.
In that case, there’s reason to hope a man’s memory may outlive him by six months.
Sa, sa, sa, sa.
Then you are damned.
He’s talking with the bogus father about the bogus son.
To have seen much but own nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands.
He’ll run after her.
Then we’ll go out, even to the marketplace, and, waving our bloody swords over our heads, let’s cry, “Peace, freedom, and liberty!” Kneel then, and wash.
So Litio’s out of the picture.
Stop crying.
Then think about how shameful it would be for you to give in to his seductive talk and surrender your treasure chest to his greedy hands.
Then why am I worried?
Then I’ll smack you on the head with the serving-creature’s knife.
Then the two of them will both pursue one girl.
I wish I had never seen it!
Then surrender, coward, and we’ll put you in a freakshow, just like they do with deformed animals.
Then you’re a better man than the king.
Then you really are insane, if you’re no saner than a fool.
So you don’t love me?
So you’re around Lady Luck’s waist?
Then you have to say, “I take you, Rosalind, to be my lawfully wedded wife.” I take you, Rosalind, to be my lawfully wedded wife.
So you’ll bring the necklace to her yourself?
If so, you’d be buying them to sell again.
Your stockings should be falling down around your ankles, your hat flying off your head, your sleeves unbuttoned, your shoes untied, and everything about you demonstrating carelessness and misery.
Then, at my farm I have a hundred milk cows, a hundred and twenty fat oxen in my stables, and all the equipment necessary to maintain them.
St. George loses his holiness once  Then, by myself— You’ve misused yourself.
So, my sweet brother-in-law, go inside.
Then let God grant me that you’ll be damned for that wicked deed.
So, please, my lord, don’t assume that I’m treacherous just because I’m poor, with no titles to my name.
Then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes, my lord.
Then, if you dare to acknowledge it, I’ll take up my quarrel with you.
So, if they die unprepared, the king is no more guilty of their damnation than he was guilty of the earlier crimes they’re finally being punished for.
So, in God’s name, let’s march.
So, in the name of God and all the good that will come of this
Therefore, in case he does, we must hold him back.
Then, gentlemen, we can count on trouble.
Morning’s here.
Then, like prophets, they named him the father to a line of kings.
So, in that case, tell me who’s next in line to inherit the kingdom of Naples?
Then, to answer every man briefly, wisely, and truthfully—wisely I say, I am a bachelor.
Then the window lets day in, and life goes out the window.
If that’s what you want, all right.
And even if you throw everything you possess to the two of them, they’ll battle each other to the death to have it all.
So you’re admitting Clarence, my father, is dead.
I followed it here, or I should say it dragged me here.
Looking toward England, we reminisced about the countless frightening experiences we’d had in the wars between the Yorks and the Lancasters.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than you’ve even dreamed of.
Here are my keys.—But why should I go?
There’s no face more sincere than one washed in tears.
No one else would.
Plain and simple loyalty doesn’t make anyone act phony.
I wish you’d won the  Something bad in that letter is making Bassanio turn pale.
The actors are here.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never work.
Wait for me there.
This choice was as foolish as they are.
There are rats and thieves and pirates—not to mention storms, winds, and rocks.
There are women like that out there, no question.
I came to Venice with a number of Antonio’s creditors who say he won’t be able to avoid going bankrupt.
There comes an old man with his three sons— It sounds like the beginning of an old folktale.
There!… And over there!… And over there!
He’s right over there.
That’s the one part of my service on land I do deny.
That’s another bad deal I’ve made!—a bankrupt, a spendthrift, who now has to hide his head on the Rialto, a beggar who used to look so smug in front of the other merchants.
There I’ll see only myself.
There’s a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea.
You seem to be a good person, captain, and although people who look beautiful are often corrupt inside, I believe that you have a beautiful mind to go with your good looks and manners.
You have a fat friend at your master’s house: she took care of me in the kitchen today, thinking I was you.
Benedick and Beatrice have been waging a war of wits between themselves.
Put
There is a particular lord who will watch you perform tonight.
There’s a man haunting this forest who abuses the trees by carving “Rosalind” on their barks.
There is a river in Macedon, and there is likewise a river in Monmouth.
There is a poor old man who, purely out of love, has limped after me for miles.
There’s only one hope for you, and even that’s a kind of illegitimate hope.
These men all have one intention, and it’s directed against Caesar.
There’s still the King of France’s farewell ceremony.
There is a way, ma'am.
There’s more to it than that.—Ganymede!
Your physical health matters more than your reputation.
There’s nothing to fear in him.
We don’t intend any harm to you, nor to anyone else.
You don’t really love me.
That’s all there is to it.
That’s all there is to say.
There’s no ambiguity here.
There’s no other shelter around here.
There isn’t any other way, unless you took on another form and became someone else.
There’s no other way.
There’s no power in Venice that can change an established decree.
We can’t wait here.
Your threats don’t scare me, Cassius, because I’m so secure in my honesty and integrity that they pass me by like a weak breeze.
It’s really the only way, Sir Andrew.
No woman is strong enough to put up with the kind of intense passion I feel.
There is no world for me outside the walls of Verona, except purgatory, torture, and hell itself.
I’m not afraid of anyone but him.
But you don’t have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about.
Pretty lady, I’m much ashamed of your shocking behavior.
There isn’t enough leek left for you to swear on.
There are reasons and causes why and how in everything.
Here’s a goat for you.
A servant told me the night-watchmen saw horrid sights too, but different ones from what we heard and saw.
Here is some money for you to kill me immediately.
I know because I dreamed of money bags last night.
The princes are under some strange misunderstanding.
Strange things are about to happen, Edmund.
There’s something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his bravery, and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand— Geese, you idiot?
From there we’ll safely carry you to France and back, calming the waters of the Channel to provide you with a smooth voyage.
There’s plenty of time.
Your cheeks are too flushed for me to believe that was a fake faint.
Here’s the money you asked me to hold.
There is a crab-apple here.
There they go, Silver!
He lay there, stretched out like a wounded knight.
Let him sink there so the sea will cover him!
Tybalt is lying over there.
Here are the keys, and there is the duke, sleeping.
He killed your relative, brave Mercutio, and then young Romeo killed him.
There’s your boyfriend, sleeping right over there.
I wish you all the best.
Go on, wear your boots out!
Lock yourself in and send him word that you’re dead.
They’re as opposite as hot and cold.
There must be some resolution.
From then on we’ll turn our backs on Athens.
You don’t need a ghost returning from the grave to tell you that, sir.
Stay there and fortify it well against the French.
Rust inside my body and let me die.
You’ll find Beatrice there, talking to Claudio and the Prince.
Titania sleeps there sometimes at night, lulled to sleep among the flowers by dances and other delights.
There’s a husband there who’s waiting to make you his wife.
The adult snake lies in the ditch.
At that time you can smash in his skull after seizing his books; or you can bash his skull with a log; or you can stab him in the belly; or cut his windpipe.
That’s authority!
You must be over there.
Now you’re talking.
We’ll meet Macbeth there.
There was a noise, that’s certainly true.
His lips were nice and red, a little more lively and passionate than the red that was in his cheeks—one was pure red and the other more pink.
We answered them, blow for blow.
There was even more foolishness, if I could only remember it.
No one has ever faked passion as skillfully as this, then.
And Walter couldn’t get his dagger out of its sheath.
There was no Signior Montanto in our army.
For a while, no play was sold to the theaters without a big fight between the children’s playwright and the actors playing adult roles.
Only Adam, Rafe, and Gregory were ready.
There were no primary ones.
She can hide there and eavesdrop on our conversation.
We’ll eat at her place.
It’s best to rehearse there, because if we do it here in the city, we’ll be bothered by crowds of people and everyone will know the plot of our play.
In England this strange monster would be just like a man.
There, Diomedes, there.
Here, drink to me.
I could marry you there, gentle Hermia, where the strict laws of Athens can’t touch us.
Here, I give you my blessing again.
There, my lord.
With my music playing in the background, I’ll lure fish.
Stop right there, sir.
There, take it all back—plates, cups, the whole thing.
Damn it!
There, take it, and thanks for taking such good care of me.
There, take my fool’s cap.
There, take that, you scoundrel!
There, where the torch is burning.
There!
Here.
That’s a deal.
There’s a feud between the two dukes.
The servants, the duke, and your daughter all seem to be treating you less kindly.
There goes a strong fellow, Menas.
There’s a time for all things.
Here’s another jacket to say thanks.
Here it is.
It would be a pretty stingy love if it could be counted and calculated.
There’s only one body here.
That’s comforting.
There’s Dolabella, who was sent from Caesar.
That’s enough.
No one will listen to it.
The fire is ready.
That’s five to one.
That’s where hell is, and darkness, and fires and stench!
We still have hope.
The heavens are being stingy with their light.
There’s a knocking at the gate.
There’s very little about her that’s gloomy, my lord.
There’s magic in its fabric.
If he’s angry, there must be something seriously wrong.
There’s meaning in your snoring.
Here’s mine.
There’s money in it for you.
Here’s money for you.
Here’s some money for you.
There’s more to this ring than its cash value.
There’s my hat!
Here’s my hand.
Here’s my key.
Any villain in Denmark is going to be, well, a villain.
There’s no way to read a man’s mind by looking at his face.
There’s no clock here in the forest.
You can’t trust them.
I’m sure his majesty will recover his health soon.
No offense taken.
There may be a time for everything, but no man who has gone bald naturally can get his hair back.
There isn’t a single drop of sincerity in him that could be touched with love.
That means it’s high time for me to go.
There’s no one else here.
Every person I meet greets me like an old friend, and every one of them knows my name.
There isn’t a nobler man than Antony in all of Rome.
In every one of the lords' households I have a servant paid to spy for me.
There’s not a strand of feather left in our whole army—a good sign, I hope, that we won’t fly away like birds—and time on the field has made us slovenly.
I don’t think there’s a single unhappy subject living under the protection of your government.
She doesn’t have anything going for her so far.
I told you, someone’s at the gate.
There’s other work for you to do.
Armed forces have already landed.
Good-bye.
You always know he’s got some plan that pleases him when he says good morning with such gusto.
There’s something else to be done.
There’s something going on that’s not what it seems.
Some startling news has just arrived, sir.
That’s what’s clever about it.
That’s the point.
That’s the consideration that makes us stretch out our sufferings so long.
Two or three of us have seen strange things.
There’s good reason to escape when there’s no mercy to be found anymore.
That way we can conceal how many of us there are, and Macbeth’s spies will give him inaccurate reports.
We You won’t pay for the glasses you smashed?
Therefore it’s certain that he wasn’t ambitious.
Therefore, all lovers should speak for themselves.
So we need another prologue to tell everyone he’s not a real lion.
Go and get our stuff onto the ship.
So cheer up.
May the gods be with you.
Go ahead, swear to that, so you’ll be damned to hell for lying.
I’m your advocate, and I’d rather die than give up on you.
Cheer up, because I think you’re going to hell.
So stop hoping and wondering what I mean.
So be calm.
So calm down.
Therefore, drink up.—Servant-monster, drink a toast to me.
So beware of my contempt, and keep your promise.
So confess your sin freely now.
Therefore, depart, and leave him here with me.
So take your last breath.
Tortured,
So go out there and give him what he wants.
So don’t advise me.
So, tell people that you’re from Epidamnum–otherwise all your goods will be confiscated.
So come with me.
So go.
That’s why the King of France listened to my pleas and tears.
That’s why he hates me.
So the cooks who can’t lick their fingers aren’t hired.
Heaven commanded Nature To fill her one body With all the graces that women contain.
So I recommend you take note of what I’m about to say.
That’s why I’ve begged him to come on our shift tonight, so that if the ghost appears he can see what we see and speak to it.
Show me the caskets and let me try my luck.
Please go back to Goneril’s house.
That’s why I’m worried about you.
So, I agree with noble Buckingham—only a few should go to meet the prince.
I took your hands in friendship, but, indeed, I was distracted when I looked down at Caesar.
Thus, I’ll leave without being kissed.
I’ll go back to sleep now.
Please smile whenever you’re near me, my dearest darling.”
That’s why it’s better for wise men to trumpet their own virtues, like I do.
You should know I’ve earned a thousand gold pieces from Don John.
Like a fire that gets covered up, Benedick should smother his love and waste away.
Therefore, let every man give some thought to how this noble expedition may be undertaken.
Come on, shovel.
Therefore, love each other in moderation.
That’s why there must be space between you.
Therefore, my old age is like a blustery winter: cold, but kindly.
So it’s not my business that’s making me sad.
I’ll go join him there, going down deeper than any anchor ever sank, and lie with him dead in the mud.
So it’s no surprise that Demetrius runs away from me as if I were a monster.
Okay, to the point.
Therefore, accept my everlasting farewell.
So listen up, princess.
Musicians, play us a song.—Prince, you look sad.
So get ready to cut off the flesh.
So why does it seem so particular to you?
So prepare to die.
So get prepared.
Therefore, every soldier should do as any man who is sick in his bed would do: clear his conscience of any stain.
Don’t speak any further.
So be quiet.
Tell me.
So stay for a while.
I charge you, in the name of God, be careful what you say.
Therefore the dukes of Berri, Bretagne, Brabant, and Orléans shall advance, and you, Prince Dauphin, will swiftly entrench and fortify our fortress towns with men of courage and the means to defend themselves.
So the pale, angry moon, who controls the tides, fills the air with diseases.
Therefore my sadness is without limit.
And because you interrupt us so that we can’t dance for them, the winds have made fogs rise up out of the sea and fall down on the rivers so that the rivers flood, just to get revenge on you.
So I’ll have nothing to do with that gaudy gold box—it’s like the gold that Midas couldn’t eat.
So they think it’s a good idea for you to watch a play and direct your thoughts toward laughter and merriment—two strong preventive medicines that foster long life.
So this letter, which is so incredibly stupid and ignorant, isn’t going to scare him at all.
So she is drowned.
Why not?
So you’ll be hanged at the state’s expense.
That’s why you sleep so soundly.
Therefore, the fact that you’re awake this early tells me you’ve been upset with some anxiety.
Therefore your relatives are no obstacle.
So submit to my mercy or, like men who revel in their own destruction, challenge me to do my worst.
Therefore, tremble with fear and leave.
So now turn and draw your sword.
So use your discretion.
So you got what you deserved, and were locked up in this cave, which is more fitting for the likes of you than a prison would be.
Therefore we’ll have about half a dozen friends to the wedding, and that’s it.
So go ahead and cry.
Therefore tell me the Dauphin’s mind frankly and without constraint.
So you’re the only one who could play Pyramus.
So I suppose your grace can truly say that I have lost it.
My lord, this bill that’s being proposed is the same one that was proposed in the eleventh year of old King Henry’s reign.
So please listen to me.
Therefore, dear Isis, do the right thing and give him the fortune he deserves.
So think carefully about what you want, beautiful Hermia.
So, goodbye.
I’ll tell you, good Brutus.
So give me my nightgown, Emilia, and I’ll say goodnight.
Therefore, great king, we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy.
So stop crying.
So, listen, Hermia.
Therefore, I beg your Highness, pardon me.
Have Montjoy hurry, then, Lord Constable, and have him ask the king of England what he is willing to pay us to get out of the war.
I will allow you one day to look for help in Ephesus.
So please, most gracious duke, order her to bring him out so we can get him some help.
Now, lords, don’t let slip any opportunity that might be advantageous for our expedition.
So please, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be happy.
So you’d better not stay with him, Antony.
I’m telling you all this out of affection for you, so you can either keep him from carrying out his plans or prepare to accept his disgrace, which will be his own fault, not mine.
Therefore, willingly and yielding.
So have your money ready.
Come, Katherine Queen of All, reveal your heart to me in broken English.
Your son is crazy.
Therefore, when he has reason to fear, as we do, his fears are without question of the same order.
Or, rather, I’ll kill you, or I’ll do away with you, or I’ll turn your life into death and your freedom into captivity.
On that point, our letters don’t agree.
For that kind of relief, the patient must heal herself.
In suicide, gods make the weak strong.
In suicide, gods allow tyrants to be defeated.
You’re talking in such a crazy way, sir.
I smile and think, “Thank goodness the wind doesn’t flatter me: it’s like a councilor who makes me feel what I’m really made of.” Adversity can have its benefits—like the ugly, poisonous  I wouldn’t change my situation for anything.
These are gracious tears.
That’s really news!
These are unnatural events.
These child actors are now in fashion, and they’ve so overtaken the public theaters that society types hardly come at all, they’re so afraid of being mocked by the playwrights who write for the boys.
These are bad omens, but I hope, I hope, they don’t predict my future.
These are nothing but jealous lies.
These are ugly antics.
These young children cry for Clarence and so do I, though they don’t cry for Edward, as I do.
This is healthy talk.
That’s what you get for marrying Christian husbands.
But both of these were put off by Elizabeth Grey, a careworn mother of many children who had once been a beauty but was now a stressed-out widow long past her prime.
They’re good enough to drink in, and so are these boots.
These kneelings and humble courtesies might excite ordinary men, flattering them into turning Roman law into children’s games.
We can’t think that way about what we did.
I want to use this money to set my father free.
My own ears heard it, and you know it.
Your English sorrows will make me smile in France.
Let me tell
These past fifteen years you have been living in a dream, and even when you were awake, it was as though you slept.
Fifteen years!
It’s not manly to cry.
The Count sent me an excellent pair of perfumed gloves.
I’ve lost so much weight worrying about my losses have that I’ll hardly have a pound of flesh to spare for my bloody creditor tomorrow.—Well, jailer, let’s go.—I hope to God that Bassanio comes to see me pay his debt.
If we take away Caesar’s support, he’ll have to come back down to earth; otherwise, he’ll fly too high and keep the rest of us in a state of fear and obedience.
My hands are tainted if they hit an inferior, especially since I myself am the cause of my own distress.
Look at other beautiful girls.
The humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly.
These recent eclipses of the sun and moon don’t bode well for us.
Iago, give these letters to the ship’s captain who brought me here, and ask him to pay my respects to the Senate of Venice.
Your lily-white lips, your cherry-red nose, and your buttercup-yellow cheeks are gone, gone forever.
These ones, then, will be assassinated.
Moors are moody people.—So sell your lands and raise a lot of cash.
These things are beyond anything we’ve seen before, and I’m afraid.
All those memories pain his mind so deeply that guilt and shame keep him away from Cordelia.
When I talked about all these things, Desdemona used to listen attentively.
These revelations have overwhelmed her.
The three who share the known world are aboard your boat.
This news will comfort Cassius.
Time ambles for both men.
These times of pain are bad times for romance.
Wise men who give fools money might get a good reputation—if they keep up regular payments for fourteen years.
You’re not answering my question.
All the spirits hate him as much as I do.
They are here at court now, and I believe they’ve been told to give a performance for him tonight.
They’re on the march.
They’re like stomachs and we’re just the food.
They’re all welcome.
They’re retreating, sir, and our superiority indicates a clear victory.
They’re coming.
They’re entirely welcome.
Flies are like free men, but I have been banished.
They’re friends—Ratcliffe and Lovell.
They are his dung, and he their beetle.
They’re in the heat of passion; they simply have to be together.
They’re overdoing it.
They’re louder than the storm or us sailors.
My only sin was loving you too much.
They’re natural enough.” I think these things are omens of things to come in our country.
They’re never jealous for a reason; they’re just jealous.
I don’t feel guilty about them at all.
In fact, she’s crazed.
They are full of pity for Caesar.
They’re playing with me.
My features are still that beautiful—or else you, the greatest soldier in the world, have become the greatest liar by overpraising them.
They’re forgiven, then, if they don’t see what they’re doing.
These are tricks.
They have wings.
They’re wise and honorable, and will no doubt give you reasons for it.
They are, my lord.
They are.
Both fencers are bleeding—how do you feel, my lord?
They’re calling for dates and quinces in the pastry kitchen.
Agincourt.
They can’t move till you release them.
They call us drunks and insult our noble titles.
They really wish they were somewhere else, but they want to descend on us, looking fierce so we’ll think they’re brave.
They couldn’t, they wouldn’t.
They did want me to tell her, but I persuaded them that, if they truly loved Benedick, they would try to get him to battle his emotions and keep Beatrice in the dark.
I saw it with my own eyes.
They did, Fluellen.
They’re out to get me, and I won’t stand for it!
The sight of them is offensive.
They all fell asleep together, as if they’d planned it.
They’re just flattering me.
If he’s ready now, so am I.
They’re all ready to eat dinner.
They finished their business with Pompey, and Pompey has left.
They have a coin in England stamped with the figure of an angel, but that’s just engraved on the surface.
They made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the poor.
They’ve turned me into food for worms.
They haven’t been commanded to go to the west, mighty king.
Meanwhile, their  They’ve said their prayers, and now they wait for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and in his lifetime a man will play many parts, his life separated into seven acts.
They have me tied to a stake.
They know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty.
And so you do.
They eat too much and get indigestion and nausea.
They plan to spend the night in Sardis.
They intend to challenge us here at Philippi, responding to our challenge before we’ve even challenged him.
They were lusting after each other.
They’re murdering Caesar!” Who’s there?
We must tie them up and leave them in some dark room.
They have to stay there.
The women you rape are the ones who’ll have to “sense” it.
Whenever they meet, there’s a little battle.
Please grant my prayer so my faith doesn’t turn to despair.
I hear that Edgar, Gloucester’s exiled son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
He’s in  They say he cried out against sherry.
They say he used to fence for the shah of Persia.
They tell me he died well, and settled his scores.
They say there are only five people on it.
They say that this town is full of deception—illusionists that can fool the eye, dark sorcerers who can bewitch your mind, soul-killing witches who can disfigure your body, disguised swindlers, fast-talking fakers, and all kinds of other unchecked sins.
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
A man named Taurus, they say.
They see, smell, and taste sweet and sour just like their husbands.
How smooth and cool they seem!
They’ll be married tomorrow, and I’ll invite the duke to the ceremony.
I swear the only ransom will be these bones of mine.
They will, Nerissa, but we’ll be disguised as men.
They shout for joy.
They shouted three times.
They sit chatting by the parlor fire.
Those who smile at it will soon be dead themselves.
They want to talk.
They stared at us in confusion.
They’re ready whenever you are.
They steal hearts.
Those who rush stumble and fall.
They swore that you were sick with love for me.
They swore that you were nearly dead with love for me.
They swore you did.
The same people who say he gets drunk with you every night.
Those who have done this deed are honorable.
After you harvest, you have to sheaf and bind So throw ripe Rosalind on the harvest cart.
People in high positions are shaken by many blasts of wind, and when they fall, they shatter into pieces.
I’ll follow in the center of the troop formation, which I’ll defend with my best horse, and with Saint George on my side, as well!
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were paid to betray their master.
They were traitors.
They were villains, murderers.
Of course, they won’t believe you without proof.
They will steal anything and call it spoils.
Nobody will hurt us.
It would be better if you actually applied it to your life.
You would make a nasty suitor.
They would like me to be as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves and handkerchiefs, which goes against my manhood, because to take something from another’s pocket and put it into my own is plain stealing.
They don’t want you to go out today.
They deserved to keep their heads more than some people who have managed to keep their positions.
You blush bright red as soon as you hear any news.
They want to whip me for telling the truth, you want to whip me for lying, and sometimes I’m even whipped for keeping quiet.
They’ll kill us!
Bless your heart.
They’ll tell all.
They’ll set their watches to whatever time we say.
They’re pretty busy in there.
Thieves!
Your beautiful eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine with love.
Yours, Claudio, yours, I say.
When things are at their worst they have to stop, or else improve to the way things were before.
Love can make worthless things beautiful.
Fruits and vegetables don’t ripen until the right season of the year.
Things have turned out so unluckily, sir, that we haven’t had time to convince our daughter to marry you.
Things are what they are.
As far as I’m concerned, what’s past is done.
Think about our situation, then die.
No more than a minute?
Don’t think I’m in love with him just because I’m asking about him.
Don’t imagine that I’ll ever allow myself to return to Rome in chains.
Think about it.
I don’t care what you think of me.
Then run away.
Are you thinking about me?
Think of your sins.
What do you mean, do I think so?
Think about the ones who have died.
I’m sweating and trembling with fear.
I’m your love, no matter what you think.
Do you think I would be feeling as triumphant as I am if I didn’t know that our situation was secure?
Do you really think I’m no stronger than the rest of my sex, with such a father and such a husband?
You think my uncle was lying, grandmother?
Will our army cut a swath through the fighting force of France, achieving and accomplishing everything I’ve assembled them to do?
If you can think of a more awful title, I’ll call her that.
Do you think so?
Are you planning to go out?
Believe that you are a foolish little baby for believing these “offers” are something real.
Thinking, my lord?
Thinking, my lord?” My God, you keep repeating everything I say as if you were thinking something too horrible to say out loud.
Imagine, when we talk of horses, that you see them planting their proud hooves in the soft earth.
Here.
Do you think I would live a life of jealousy, tormented by new suspicions every hour?
When powerful kings cave in to flatterers, do you think loyal men will be afraid to speak out against it?
Do you think fiery fever can be put out by the windy puff of titles?
Do you really think there’s a man fool enough to marry into hell—however rich the father is?
If I agree to this, we may leave unharmed, with our shields undented.
This is to feel the news, not hear it.
My vision is dull.
That’s a nice hat you’ve got there.
I dreamt about this.
This fake astonishment of yours is just like your other pranks.
She’ll be here soon, just like her letter said.
Greed has been the downfall of many kings.
My heart feels like it’s about to explode.
This sunken-eyed hag was brought here pregnant and left by the sailors.
This contract doesn’t give you any blood at all.
Ask her to help you heal the rift between her husband and you.
Our love, which right now is like a flower bud in the summer air, may turn out to be a beautiful flower by the next time we meet.
Well, that turned out well in the end.
This is what Calphurnia’s dream means.
Caesar was a tyrant.
What I’m saying can’t anger him.
They can’t have changed; there’s no way this could be true.
The container of that great soul is now cold.
This box is too threatening.
This castle is in a pleasant place.
This stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
This is just what the letter said.
Yes, you’re right.
It’s my best option: I can’t afford to lose forty ducats.
And I’ll tell him about the letter too.
That knife should be in its sheath on that Montague’s back, but instead it’s mis-sheathed in my daughter’s breast.
This damned witch Sycorax was kicked out of Algiers for various witching crimes too terrible for humans to hear about.
Today was the day I breathed my first breath.
Today, great duke, she locked me out of my house and feasted there with whores.
I will do this deed before I lose my sense of purpose.
You weren’t good enough for her.
Lorenzo will be happy with what we’ve done.
This diamond is a present from him to your wife for her boundless hospitality.
I was afraid this would happen, because he was a noble, brave man, but I didn’t think he had a weapon.
This disease is beyond my medical skills.
This bad weather isn’t good to walk around in.
These crisscrossing laces do cut off the circulation in my legs a bit, but who cares?
Next he slung his arm around the bride’s neck and kissed her with such a smack that when they parted the sound of their lips made the whole church echo.
Who are they following?
It’s not true because she separates us.
This dream has been interpreted all wrong.
This is going even better than I planned.
This feather moved because of her breath.
This guy doesn’t pay much attention to punctuation.
I remember this fellow—he once played the eldest son of a farmer.
This guy’s wise enough to play the fool, and only clever people can do that.
This Iago is extremely honest and good, and he knows a lot about human behavior.
That’s all he asks for himself.
Shall we go see this fortification, men?
This treacherous Egyptian has betrayed me.
I found this pinned to my tent this morning.
This fellow will out-talk us all.
This clearing will be the stage, and this hawthorn bush will be our dressing room.
But in this way, grief and comfort appear together.
The fact that this summer bird, the house martin, builds his nests here proves how inviting the breezes are.
With a hand like this you need to
This toast is for Lepidus!
Other countries criticize us for our loud partying.
This is a small house.
I explained how you were deceived, how you were thwarted, the things that were used against you, who was working against you, and a lot of other things that would convince even a half-wit or a crazy person to say, “Banquo did it!” You explained it all.
How could he be in debt without me knowing it?
I’ll tell him all of this, dear lady.
Then I’ll listen to her.
He did this in public?
I swear I will never break this promise of love.
This precious little guy is putty in your hands, Sir Toby.
This isn’t a monster, it’s a devil.
This guy is exactly the kind of person your sister warned us about.—Come on, bring in the stocks, now!
This is not a maiden, as you say, but an old man—wrinkled, faded, and withered.
These are a man’s words, and his handwriting.
This is a majestic and harmonious vision.
And he doesn’t let go of his target when a distraction appears.
This is a lowlife who basks in the reflection of the fading glory of the woman he works for.—Get out of my sight, scoundrel!
This is a sleepy tune.
He’s an unremarkable man, fit only to be sent on errands.
This king is a branch of that same victorious stock.
This is a rotten song to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is beyond weird.
That’s all.
This is an asp’s trail, and these fig leaves have slime on them, just like the kind that asps deposit on the caves by the Nile.
This is a stranger business than men have ever set foot in before, and it’s not natural either.
This is as rude as it is strange.
They call this “the argumentative countercheck.” And so on through “the circumstantial lie” and “the direct lie.” And how many times did you say his beard wasn’t cut well?
This is exactly how she always looks, and—I swear it—she is fast asleep.
This is his second fit like this.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
I’m making a kind offer—zero percent financing.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is pure insanity.
This haunting business is even stranger than murder.
This news is absolutely true: Mark Antony is expected to arrive in Rome at any hour now.
This is my treasurer.
It doesn’t excuse your cruel behavior.
This is no place for you; this home is now a slaughterhouse.
Well, you’ve given away all your other rightful titles.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
This hasn’t reached the level of an Egyptian feast yet.
It’s nothing.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
That’s old news.
I’ll do it.
You were tricked into fighting, Gloucester.
Mercutio, be quiet.
Oh yes—to smell  This is Signor Antonio.
This is a guy who’s been praised for his honest bluntness, and who now insolently pretends to be plainspoken and twists the natural meanings of words.
This is a love token from some other slut, and you want me to copy its pattern for you?
This is some monster of the island, with four legs, who seems to me to have some kind of ache.
This looks like an abbey.
These outbursts of yours don’t even look like real fear.
This is the air, that’s the glorious sun.
This is the inventory of the money, silverware, dishes, and jewels that are still in my possession.
This is the day I’m going to get what I wished for when I wished that the person I most trusted would betray me.
Today I’m going to get what I said I wished would happen to me if I was ever false to King Edward’s children or his wife’s allies.
This is the door.
This is a classic example of the idiocy of the world: when we’re down and out—often because of our own excesses —we put all the blame on the sun, the moon, and the stars, as if they forced us to be bad, or the heavens compelled us to be villainous or stupid.
This must be some kind of fairyland.
This is the fool who lent out money without charging interest.
This is the devil Flibbertigibbet.
This is what happens when you act rashly.
This is what happens when you visit whores.
Here’s the indictment of the good Lord Hastings, which has been written out in a clear hand, like any legal document, so it can be read aloud in public outside St. Paul’s Cathedral.
This is the final discussion I will grant.
This is Antonio, my dearest friend.
This is the man.
This is the jester I have met so many times in the forest.
To prison, until you’re called into court.
This is the roof under which Lorenzo said to meet him.
This is the place.
This is the brave sergeant who fought to keep me from being captured.
This is the silliest thing I’ve ever seen.
Benvolio is part of the Montague family.
Love is such a violent emotion that it makes people self-destruct, as much as any strong emotion.
This is exactly the false way that verses gallop along.
This is just another one of the hallucinations you always get when you’re afraid.
This is your job.
This speech is going on too long.
This is Trebonius.
This is good.
This island belongs to me because Sycorax, my mother, left it to me.
Here’s why: it’d be better for the enemy to come after us.
Caesar’s knave will bring him a message for us.
This little prank of hers is going to cost me.
I’ll show you how kind I am.
This lantern represents the moon.
This letter from Bellario introduces us to a young and well-educated legal expert.
He’s as brave as a fox.
That Lodovico is a good-looking man.
This doesn’t look like a wedding.
All these new Christians will make the price of hogs go up.
My father can’t think straight—a hundred knights!
This man said, sir, that Don John, the Prince’s brother, was a villain.
This just may cheer me up.
So you’re telling me to give it time and wait for summer.
This morning, they’ve flown away and in their place are ravens, crows, and kites, flying over our heads and looking down on us, as though we were sickly prey.
Like a young man who wants to amount to something, this morning begins early.
Let Caesar do whatever he wants.
We haven’t yet encountered that danger, and the best thing to do is avoid it entirely.
There must be a strange explanation for this—if it’s true.
This hard work would be boring and nasty to me, but I’m working for a mistress who makes me enjoy my labor.
This wicked man will be brought face to face with Margaret, who I believe was hired by Don John to take part in this plot.
Tonight I’m having a feast that we’ve celebrated for many years.
I’ll spend tonight working to make something horrible happen.
I think this night is just like sick daylight.
He’s running bareheaded, calling for the end of the world, out there on a night like this, when even savage animals ravenous with hunger crawl under cover and hide.
Swear you won’t.
This paper tells me of ten thousand Frenchmen who lie dead on the battlefield.
That’s the only witchcraft I ever used.
He pretended to be some kind of sorcerer, and he gazed in my eyes and took my pulse.
The prince has done neither; therefore, in my opinion, he isn’t really protected by sanctuary.
This is the prophecy that the wizard
I got this purse full of money from you, and my Dromio brought it to me.
These corpses suggest mayhem.
This ring, sir—oh no, it’s nothing.
He speaks roughly, but what he says is smart, and his roughness makes other people enjoy listening to him.
This one, and I will give her to you.
That sounds like the voice of Friar John.
Set him free.
He discovered that the man was his older brother.
It’s this servantlike mentality that’s keeping you unmarried.
This fight will decide who dies.
This may end without anyone getting killed.
This will make our actions seem practical and not vengeful.
This sight of death is like a bell that warns me I’m old and I’ll die soon.
It would make him curse the heavens and be damned to hell.
Your words have moved me, and maybe it’ll do some good.
Caesar’s speed defies belief.
I only need to show your sword to Caesar and tell him about your death to get into his good favor.
This storm protects me from thoughts that would hurt me more.
This is the Dauphin’s message.
You’re going to pay for this, Roderigo.
I swear on my life that I’m speaking the truth.
This is as bad as the tortures of hell.
I know what I’ll do.
Now you sound like a man.
This tyrant, whose mere name is so awful it hurts us to say it, was once considered an honest man.
This wicked son of mine confirms the prediction —son against father.
Well, that proves she’s in love with you.
That was a humorous message.
Jacob didn’t have any control over what happened.
That was nothing.
This was the basket.
That’s what she was expecting, and you let her down.
That was no show.
This used to be a great puzzle, but now I’ve solved it.
This was the most unkind cut of all.
This was the noblest Roman of them all.
Good job, my little one.
Undress the statues if they’re decorated in honor of Caesar.
This way, my lord.
Come this way, my lord.
His arrival fits perfectly into my plan.
Hopefully, your wedding day is only postponed.
This week he was sad, moody, and depressed and very different from his usual self.
That really would be kind.
I’ll also wear this in my cap.
This’ll be a wonderful kingdom to live in, where they play music for free.
That’ll keep them from being afraid.
This will make them both so afraid that they’ll kill each other just by looking at each other.
The wind you’re talking about is blowing us off our course.
That’s what the bill says.
This may have seemed like the pinnacle of sadness, but if I went on I could outdo it.
This poor guy’s partly confessed his plan.
You should pity me for that reason, not hate me.
What do you think, Norfolk?
I can tell by his voice that this man is a Montague.
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
This is Decius Brutus.
This, this All-Souls' day, is my just desserts.
No!
Thisbe?
Macbeth will go there to learn his destiny.
But I must go there, against my will: servants must fulfill their masters' wishes.
That’s where I’m going now, so I’ll leave you here.
I’ll invite the duke and all of his followers.
Thomas, the earl of Surrey, and he were moving from troop to troop around twilight cheering up the soldiers.
That’s her father and his friends, who’ve been roused out of bed.
Since I was so drawn to studying things like logic, grammar, geometry, and astronomy, I let my control of the government slide a bit, being too wrapped up in my occult books.
His eyes used to glow with pride when he reviewed his troops.
That pale face of yours will frighten the others as well.
It seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his chamber did it.
You do their work for them and give them good luck.
The good manners of the court look as silly in the country as country behavior is laughable at the court.
People who are either too serious or too silly are awful.
Whoever is already married (except one person I know) will stay married—all but one person.
People who die of it seldom or never recover.
When grown-ups teach little children, they do it gently and easily.
Those who have known how bad things are here on earth.
The servants Macbeth killed.
Those who were bitter enemies of your father in his time have turned their bitterness to sweetness, serving you loyally and wholeheartedly.
Lead those away who will follow you, and we’ll explain publicly the reasons for Caesar’s death.
Let those who will hear me speak stay.
People who want to start a big fire quickly start with little twigs.
Those uncles that you wish were here were dangerous.
The devil himself couldn’t say a name I hate more.
How nice of you!
You must be crazy to say that!
You wouldn’t know enough to be afraid of traps.
You make me want to agree with the philosopher Pythagoras that animal souls are reincarnated in human bodies.
You will be exhibited in Rome along with me, like Egyptian puppets.
You and your fellow spirits did your last assignment well, and now I need your help again.
You’re a pustule, a sore, a tumor digesting my bloodline.
You’re a cobbler, are you?
You’re a man with a good reputation.
You’re a fool.
You’re a well-dressed lady.
You are only a soldier.
Even my tears burn me like molten lead.
That’s an odd thing to say.
You’re a traitor.—Off with his head.
You’re a villain to say this about me.
You’re a villain!
You’ve got a sword, Gloucester.
You’re as wise as you are beautiful.
You’ve come to face a ruthless enemy, an inhuman wretch incapable of pity, without any feelings of mercy.
You are Dromio, you are my servant, and you are yourself.
You are in a perilous state, shepherd.
You’re like one of those guys who walks into a bar, slams his sword on the table, and then says, “I pray I never have to use you.” By the time he orders his second drink, he pulls his sword on the bartender for no reason at all.
I couldn’t see you, Lysander, but I heard your voice, and that’s how I found you.
You haven’t been conquered.
You’re on your deathbed.
The only thing you can sense are punches—just like an ass.
You can trust me.
You armor my heart.
You are the best of the cutthroats.
You are what’s left of the noblest man that ever lived.
Look at him.
You are your father’s daughter.
You’re going to die.
You look too much like the ghost of Banquo.
Sometimes you get a bit too wild, and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude.
Reborn.
You good-for-nothing, let me in.
You’re bleeding a lot.
You are too evil for words!
You’re making me go off-key.
No, you’re just reminding me of something I’ve also noticed.
You’re appealing to a son who hates you.
You can’t force me any more than Hermia can beg me.
You must have figured out who I am.
Pompey, you cannot frighten us with your navy.
You haven’t got it in you to frown or look displeased or bite your lip as angry women do.
You can’t talk about something that you don’t feel.
You can’t do that.
Do you know why the nose is in the middle of a person’s face?
Shame on you, warped hag!
You scolded me often for loving Rosaline.
You may as well undertake to be hanged.
You drank horses’ urine and water from scum-covered puddles that even animals would refuse.
You gave an excellent performance.
You stopped me.
You promised to take a full year off my sentence.
You smiled with a strength you must have gotten from heaven, while I cried salty tears into the salty sea, and groaned at our situation.
You once stole my position; now you get to have the grief that goes with it.
You slander her, you devil.
You’re not being a good friend, Iago, if you even  Please don’t ask me to tell you.
You’re poisoning my eyes.
You’re thinking something.
You’re not paying attention to me.
You don’t wish we had more help from England anymore, cousin?
Can’t you see I’m eating?
You’re snoring, but it sounds like you’re talking.
You’re absolutely right.
You’re absolutely right, your highness.
You do your job well.
You have forgotten, and you think it’s a burden when I ask you to walk through the ocean, or run on the north wind, or do business for me underground when the earth’s frozen solid.
You drunken slave, I sent you for a rope, and I told you what to do with it.
You flea, you louse, you winter cricket!
You foolish madman, listen to me for a moment.
Tomorrow you need to get more money sent to you.
Indeed you did, and more besides, Miranda.
You have a noble wife who is much more beautiful than any other woman in this declining age.
You have a beautiful half-sister, Octavia.
You have amazed me.
You have bested many things, well don’t try and best me.
You’ve pretended to be in love with her, singing fake love songs softly at her window by moonlight, and you’ve captured her imagination by giving her locks of your hair, rings, toys, trinkets, knickknacks, little presents, flowers, and candies—things that can really influence an impressionable young person.
You’ve described a warm friend who’s cooling off.
I’ll tell everyone what you did, even if it
You opposed my taking part in the war.
Your wit is so forceful, it frightens the very meaning out of your words.
You have guessed exactly what I feared.
You’re right, actually.
You killed my child.
If you have me, you have me now at my worst; and if you have me, you’ll appreciate me better and better.
Sir, don’t even try to beat me in a battle of wits.
You have my friendship.
No you haven’t, cousin.
You can have what you want.
You started a fight with a man who coughed in the street because he woke up a dog that was sleeping in the sun.
You’ve only insulted yourself.
Have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You’ve seen these illusions.
You’ve served me faithfully.
You have some plea for Caesar, don’t you?
Your complaint against me is perfectly understandable, but I still insist I’ve done everything I could to help you.
You’ve wronged Caius Ligarius.
A soldier is just a tool, like his sword, unless he has your qualities, Ventidius.
You have.
You should be whipping yourself, since you lust after her and yearn to do the same thing for which you’re punishing her.
Please just listen.
You know how young my daughter is.
You know where I live.
You don’t know what money can buy.
You don’t know me.
You know that Banquo and his son Fleance are still alive.
The first time we see the world as newborns, we cry and scream.
Otherwise, you’d see me blushing about the things you’ve heard me say tonight.
We achieve things with our intelligence, not by magic, and intelligent planning takes time.
You know where I’ll be waiting.
You know that the style of a man’s jacket or hat or coat means nothing.
Swords don’t frighten me.
You lie, you nasty, ungrateful thing!
You’re lying, you shaggy-haired villain!
It’s a lie, you thread, you thimble, you measurement!
You lie.
You’re alive.
You look happier already, and I’ll be back quickly.
You look like a person who knows the business of war.
You make me so happy.
Someday you can get revenge.—Oh, you bastard!
You could’ve done this without your beard and gown.
You liar, you respond better to the whip than to kindness!
You have to be patient with me.
You should know that to me, profit isn’t more important than honor, but the other way around.
You mustn’t hold my earlier outburst against me.
You insolent rascal, what trade?
You don’t have to go yet.
You’ll never hear from the herald again.
You old traitor, repent all your sins.
You give your best praise to the worst women.
You lover of that damned whore, you’re talking to me of “ifs”?
You stupid cop, stop your violence!
You coward, did you run away from me?
What you told me it haunts me like a nightmare—he’s got my handkerchief!
You say the king is losing his mind.
Fever, as we know, is a kind of madness.
You seasoned his food with screams.
You see that any morals she has left are preventing her from denying the charges: she doesn’t want to add perjury to her list of sins.
You see how the world goes, Volumnius.
As you can see, these lovers are looking for a place to fight.
You see, we’re not alone in our unhappiness.
You’ll introduce me to him as a eunuch.
Goodness, it’s daylight.
You’ll be lord of the island then, and I’ll be your servant.
You’ll be pricked all over, and it’ll sting like bees.
I’ll have you whipped with wire and soaked in brine like a pickle, making your pain linger.
You’ll pay for this if I ever see you face-to-face in the daylight.
And then you’ll see that despite what you thought, I’ll be as powerful as I was before.
Your descendants will be kings, even though you will not be one.
I’ll give you a good reason to cringe, I promise you.
You can’t have anything but the penalty, to be taken at your peril, Jew.
I’ll only admit that you’re sane when you agree with Pythagoras and hesitate to kill a bird because it might contain your grandmother’s soul.
Don’t go back until I’ve carried the corpse into the marketplace.
That’s a nice hand you dealt me.
You have to come with me.
I’ll commute your death sentence.
You won’t leave this grove until I’ve paid you back for this insult.
You’re not going to take him.
That way I can conquer my own fear and sleep easy at night.
You won’t regret this.
You’re not taking one step toward an enemy.
You’ll work for me.
You’ll see, I promise you.
You should always be honest.
Listen to me, Queen.
You’re not supposed to get old until you’re wise.
You should ask instead if it’s possible that any criminal could be so rich.
That’s music to my ears.
What you say is true.
You speak more wisely than you know.
You talk like a child, but you’re very smart anyway.
Oh, you’re sticking a dagger in me!
Once again you bring good news.
You won’t be striking me down, but defeating Caesar.
You teach me how I should act.
You think it’s a big deal that this fierce storm is soaking me to the skin.
You think I’m kidding.
You told me they escaped into this forest.
You told me you hated him.
You’re torturing me, Tubal.
I’m not in the mood.
Capulet, you villain!
You there, rogue, what do you have to say about that?
You were never with me for anything if you weren’t there for the goose.
No, what provoked you was your own bloody mind, which never thinks about anything but butchering.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
Yes,” said my husband, “Did you fall on your face?
You’ll fight with a man who’s cracking nuts just because you have hazelnut-colored eyes.
Are you going to write Antony about this?
You are about as much of a thinker as worm’s meat is a nice steak.
Oh, you’re wrong.
You’d make a good fool.
You just said they had to face her.
You, my slave, were her servant at the time, as you admit yourself.
You would fight with a man if he had one more whisker or one less whisker in his beard than you have in your beard.
Wretched boy, you hung out with him here, and you’re going to go to heaven with him.
While I stood spellbound, messengers from the king arrived and greeted me as the thane of Cawdor, which is precisely how the weird sisters had saluted me before calling me ’the future king!
You’re a smart guy.
You’re right.
You would run away from a bear, but if the only way to run was into the stormy ocean, you’d turn around and confront the bear.
I doubt you’d thank me in the end, but she’s rich, all right, very rich.
You’re right.
The whole world could look at you, and no one would be as blind as he is, thinking you’re beautiful.
Even though everything evil wants to look good, good still has to look good too.
Even though Birnam Wood really did come to Dunsinane, and I’m fighting a man not of woman born, I’ll fight to the end.
Cassio was wrong to hurt Montano, who was only trying to help him, but I’m sure the guy who ran away must have offended Cassio in some terrible way, and Cassio couldn’t let it pass.
Though I have far more reason, I don’t have as much energy to curse you.
Though I wouldn’t wish to be better for my own sake, for your sake I wish I were twenty times more than myself—a thousand times more beautiful and ten thousand times richer—just so you might value me more, so my good qualities, beauty, possessions, and friends would be more than you could calculate.
Even if he were as important a man as the devil—as Lucifer or Beelzebub himself—he’s required, see, your Grace, to keep his vow.
Although I can’t make his ship disappear, I can still make his journey miserable.
Even though I’m mad, I won’t bite him.
Even if I have to die—as they threaten—I have to help the king.
I know I may be old, but I’m strong and healthy, because in my youth I never drank nor lived recklessly.
It doesn’t matter that I hit him first.
Though I wish you were dead, I’m not going to be the one to kill you.
Though he seems a little old-fashioned, there is much care and courage in this Welshman.
It may be honest, but it’s never wise to bring bad news.
Though that must have been a pitiful sight, the ground looked beautiful.
Guys who’d take her with all her faults, provided there were enough money involved.
And even though Nature has given us the wit to have this argument, hasn’t Fortune sent this fool here to stop us?
Even if the news is sad, tell me with a smile on your face.
But I still have a little memory left, and there’s still some fire in my eyes; my dull, deaf ears can still hear a little.
We follow in your orbit, and you have the power to move us.
Though our lives—   We have decided, my lord.
The queen is here on special business, and her army has moved on.
That is, if we ever want to return to being rivals for Bianca’s love.
Though science can explain them away, disasters still come after eclipses.
They commanded me to lock my doors and leave you out in this merciless storm, but I’ve come out here to find you and take you where there’s warmth and food.
Though this island may appear desolate—
Even if marrying her meant I died.
Though we have lost a generous king, we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king.
You’ve shut me up in a dark room and given your drunken cousin authority over me, but I’m as sane as you are.
We three couples will celebrate with a sumptuous feast.
There aren’t three people in all of Egypt who could do better.
I was not myself, as a result of the wine.
Three months from twelve months of the year.
Three of the carriages are very imaginatively designed, and they match the fencing accessories.
Three or four women near me cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three proper young men, all good looking and with great presence—
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio will guarantee it.
Three thousand ducats, hmmm.
Three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked in the direction of the Tower, as if he hated to carry me to this slaughterhouse.
Three words, dear Romeo, and then it’s good night for real.
I can remember the past seventy years pretty well, and in all that time I have seen dreadful hours and strange things.
Calphurnia cried out three times in her sleep, “Help, someone!
It just appeared before them and marched past them with slow dignity three times, a staff’s distance from their amazed eyes, while they turned, quaking with fear and too shocked to speak.
Thrice noble lord, I beg you to excuse me for another night or two—or at least until nightfall.
The tawny cat has meowed three times.
Three times in an hour I saw him down, and three times up again and fighting.
Everything about this is unnatural!
Let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house.
The cold wind blows through the hawthorn trees.
My heart, which dried out with grief, will surely break apart into a powder, and that will be the end of my disgusting mind.
Medicine is for the dogs.
Throw some of your words at me.
And throw this dead peasant into the manure pit.—Regan, I’m bleeding.
Thursday is coming.
Though I said my name was Benedick, I heard this news with Claudio’s ears.
Oh, this is terrible!
And so I’m dying.
All traitors protest like this.
That’s how I always do it, getting money from fools.
This is how they do it, sir: they measure the depth of the Nile, according to certain marks made on the walls of the Pyramid.
This is how God forces wicked men to turn their swords against themselves.
This much I can say about him: he is well-born, has proven his bravery in battle, and has established his good character.
Thus far has our straining author pursued the story with his crude, inadequate writing, keeping important people penned up in this little room while he mangled history’s full glory with his uneven telling.
Now my sin has been taken from my lips by yours.
So everyone goes off into the world except me, who stays in because I’m sunburned.
He would have gotten a pension of six pence a day for his whole life.
This is how the candle burned the moth.
Now you have only the memory of what you were, which tortures you when you consider what you’ve become.
Well, I’ve begun my reign with a carefully thought-out plan, and I have every hope of succeeding.
I, Wall, have done my part.
It’s been my bad luck to remain alive long enough to be able to tell the sad stories of my own misfortunes.
Because of your advice and your help, I have a high position now.
That’s what I conceive of him.
With this I avoid the grief of Antony’s death.
And thus I let you go and give you to the gods.
Then I’ll change it to this: Father Time himself is bald, so for all time there will be bald men.
I’ll see her like this.
It must go like this.
Think about it.
Losers always leave quickly.
Think like that, and you’ll manage to get honey out of a common weed and find a moral lesson in the devil himself.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire—from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother!
A lovely, cunning shore can distract a man from the perils of a stormy sea, just as a pretty scarf can hide a dangerous dark-skinned beauty.
So, by heaven’s decree, Rosalind Was composed Of different faces, eyes, and hearts, so that she might have the most prized touches of all.
My king says this: “Tell Harry of England: though we appeared dead, we were only asleep.
And my king goes on: if your royal father does not sweeten the bitter insult you sent my king and grant all our demands, Henry’s artillery will give you so resounding an answer that the very caves and vaulted cathedrals of France shall echo your mocking of him back in your face.
That’s how things should be—straight and smooth.
Well then, I’ll say this quickly: the valiant Paris wants you as his bride.
And that’s how my brother robbed me of my life, my crown, and my queen all at once.
So we are in agreement.
This way, we can see how the world moves.
When you avoid one trap, you fall into another.
So I die with a kiss.
And so, on the wings of imagination and at the speed of thought, our scene flies swiftly on.
Why?
Your attendant asses are getting the horses ready.
You’ve already stained our sheets with your lust; now I’ll stain them with your whore’s blood.
Your Brutus ordered me to give it to you, and I’ll do what he says.
What’s your business?
You’ll be my role model.
Your Clarence, who stabbed my Edward, is also dead.
You’re not as close to death as you think you are.
That’s why your desires are wolfish, bloody, and ravenous.
Your guardian angel is noble, courageous, significant, and unmatched when Caesar’s not around.
Your death and destiny advise your followers to escape.
His drugs work quickly.
I surrender your dukedom and beg you to forgive me all my crimes.
Your son Edward, who stabbed my son Edward, is dead.
I’m your evil spirit, Brutus.
Your eyes look like they’ve sunk into your head.
Your face is mine, and you have slandered it.
Your disloyal uncle—are you paying attention?
Your fate awaits you.
I’m going to let him live.
Your father!
Your clothes aren’t spattered with my family’s blood, and you aren’t affected by my curse.
Now, your gown?
You can have it then, your highness.
You haven’t forgotten the half of a kingdom I gave you.
Your head is as full of fights as an egg is full of yolk, but your head has been beaten like scrambled eggs from so much fighting.
Your husband lies dead there, and Paris too.
Your husband knew about everything.
Your husband.
Your Juliet is alive.
I’m seizing your lands and all that you possess until your brother gives testimony that absolves you of any guilt.
Your life has had honor in it.
It’s a miracle you’re alive.
I hope your love for me remains this strong for your entire life!
Your darling?
Your friend,      Artemidorus.” I’ll stand here until Caesar passes by, and I’ll give him this as though it’s a petition.
Start without me.
Your light dulls when he is near.
Your master and his servant are here.
Your master is a wise and honorable Roman.
Your mistress’s marks?
Your mother was extremely virtuous, and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name has become a threat to her own children.
Your mother’s been poisoned.
Your name’s Gloucester.
Why are you leaving, my angry friend?
Why do you say that?
Stay invisible.
Your sister’s sister.
Your slander has broken her heart, and now she lies buried with her ancestors in a tomb—ancestors who had never been tainted by scandal until you caused one with your wickedness.
You’re so attractive when you smile.
Your ghost walks the earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs.
That’s enough.
Therefore, by law, you are condemned to die.
I obey all your thoughts.
Your threats are no stronger than her whining.—Helena, I love you.
The truth will be all the inheritance you get.
Your voice is loud and commanding, but you look like a working man.
Your wild actions resemble the irrational fury of a beast.
Your joke is a very bitter apple.
Your misery will make them sharp and piercing like mine.
All because of what happened to that brat Rutland?
You’re coming here yourself to see the dreaded act you had tried to stop.
Then be so kind as to show them in.
You can see for yourself.
Neither death nor life will stop me from coming.
Keep my lover quiet.
Keep this libertine occupied with endless debauchery.
You’re tigers, not daughters.
Until Birnam Wood gets up and moves to Dunsinane, I won’t be affected by fear.
I’d endure it until he came home again.
Good-bye then, until the time I see you dressed in your battle gear, which will suit you both very well.
No, the whole day, and all night too.
Only until noon, my lord?
Until then, I’ll walk around town, peruse the markets, and gaze upon the buildings, and then I’ll return and sleep at the inn.
Until then, I have to remain calm.
Until then, we’ve said enough.
Meanwhile, after you.
Until then, my noble friend, think about this: I’d rather be a poor villager than call myself a citizen of Rome under the hard conditions that this time is likely to put us through.
Until then, think about the well-being of Rome.
Unless your taunts can undo the signature on my contract, you’re just wearing out your lungs by speaking so loud.
I’ll be getting my own figures together in the meantime.
There isn’t much time.
Age hasn’t dried up my body or eroded my intelligence so much, and luck hasn’t robbed me of so much of my fortune, and my bad ways haven’t deprived me of so many friends, that they won’t find me ready to seek revenge both physically and mentally, with money and friends at my disposal.
Time has come round, and I’ll end where I began.
Time will tell what you’ve got up your sleeve.
Time travels at different speeds for different people.
Time, you thwart my dreadful plans.
It blushes, is easily embarrassed, and stages regular uprisings in a man’s heart.
It’s an outstanding army and highly motivated.
It looks like a day when the sun is hidden.
He’s a good-looking young man, and there are a lot of people with him.
Well, it’s a fault I wouldn’t trade for your best virtue.
These are frightening odds.
It’s a nice hazy feeling, so give in to it.
It’s a nice hand, an open one.
It’s nice to see children playing well together.
It’s a good shilling, I promise you.
His courage is hidden, and when it is revealed, it will shrink.
There’s no reason to be afraid.
Call it a match!
This is a nasty night to go swimming.
It’s a trick to confuse us.
That’s a wise idea.
It’s a reason for suspicion, even though it’s just a dream.
It’s a strange snake.
He is a subject for a king to contemplate, and for a king’s king to ride on, and for the world at large—both friend and stranger—to stop whatever they are doing and marvel at.
And what an excellent piece of work it is, too, madam lady!
It’s a horrible thing to die when you’re not prepared for it, my gracious lord.
It’s a wild night.
It’s amazing, if I may say so, that she let herself be tamed.
Give me your hand, Kate.
He’ll be a good governor.
Age is the thing that nourishes.
It’s all the same.
It’s almost fairy time.
It’s almost morning.
It’s as complete a work of villainy as any that could be thought up.
Then it must be Banquo’s.
When we were alone, we agreed that in public she would go on being unpleasant.
It’s best just to let him go.
It’s better that you didn’t kill him.
Well, sir, it’s better to say little than to be tedious.
It’s bitterly cold out, and I’m depressed.
It’s pointless to talk now.
It was a bit short, my lord.
I can only walk a little way with you, since I’m waiting here.
I guess it’s only one man—no big deal.
But what do I care about words?
Only an hour ago it was nine, and in another hour it will be eleven.
So, take me, death!
I hate my name, dear saint, because my name is your enemy.
It’s called the evil.
He’s certainly crossed the river Somme.
Of course the Prince wants Hero for himself.
Then it’s certain they’re heading for Cyprus.
There’s certainly not a boy left alive, and it was done by the cowardly rascals who were running from the battle.
It’s clear, every man must take responsibility for the manner of his own death.
That’s for sure.
It’s Cinna.
That’s completely beside the point.
That’s cowardly and womanish.
It’s dangerous to talk about it.
It’s always dangerous when little people get caught in the crossfire of mighty opponents.
It’s a capital offense for anyone from Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it and want all good men’s love.
It’s our destiny, like death.
It has been done already, and the messenger is on his way.
I’ve finished it for you, and it ends in “Margaret.” He’s turned your curse against you, Margaret.
It’s a bet.
It’s doubly wrong to cheat on your wife and then let her see the offense in your eyes.
That’s the way it goes.
It must be.
He drinks like this every night before he goes to sleep.
Not even trivial things were left out.
It’s expressly against the rules of combat.
It’s not true.
My memory is hazy, more like a dream than a recollection.
I’ve told you.
Besides, you’re a sponge!
That’s most appropriate.
He’ll recover his sanity there.
But oh, poor Glou-cester!
It’s gone.
It’s good we’re doing this.
Good.
It would be hard, almost impossible.
Enough!
It’s Richard who sent us here to slaughter you.
That’s him, that villain Romeo.
That’s him.
It’s him!
But it’s dark out, and it could be a trap.
Those are her orders.
It’s over here.
There it is.
That’s just how he is.
It’s his fault that he’s all worked up like this.
It’s still warm from the cut.
It’s locked away in my memory, and you’ve got the key.
What we are is up to us.
That’s true.
We already knew that.
It’s late.
It’s like a cannon.
You sound like a pack of wolves howling at the moon.
It’s strange that you haven’t heard.
It’s fair for him to treat me like this, very fair.
It’s midnight.
It’s strongest in the strongest people.
It’s mine and I’m going to get it.
That’s unbelievably bad.
It’s been longer, it’s been longer.
It’s the best thing to do.
It’s true, and he asked me to beg you both to attend.
He has the wisdom to act bravely but also safely.
That’s too long.—Servants, leave her and me alone.
There’s a picture of me inside.
No, it doesn’t mean anything.
It’s new to you.
It’s nine o'clock!
It’s not earlier than that, I tell you.
It doesn’t matter if it’s in tune so long as it’s loud enough.
It won’t matter.
It doesn’t matter.
Oh, well.
It’s not the right time to play.
It’s noble Kent, your friend.
Spoken like a gentleman.
This is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances.
It’s not right to obey his orders to let him go alone.
You’re serious enough to know not to play games with Satan.
It’s not in the contract.
You don’t need it yet.
I’m not like that now.
It doesn’t sound as sweet as it did before.
I’ve outshot you, and not for the first time.
The king isn’t the one sending you to the Tower, Clarence.
If you say my wife is beautiful, eats well, loves good company, speaks freely, sings, plays music, and dances well, you’re not making me jealous.
She’s not talking to me.
It’s not yet daylight.
It’s only four o'clock now.
It’s already almost night.
The clock’s just striking twelve.
This is the time of night when witches come out, when graveyards yawn open and the stench of hell seeps out.
A man named Iago, the general’s ensign.
It’s pathetic to be Caesar.
It’s partly my own fault, since I followed you here.
Oh, lovely.
It’s all over now, and so am I.  Let’s forgive each other.
It’s sad, but Iago knows she had sex with Cassio a thousand times.
It’s too bad.
It’s a shame that you walk the streets with all the honest men.
I know I ought to obey my husband, but not now.
It’s better to be the person who gets murdered than to be the killer and be tormented with anxiety.
They say the horses ate each other.
You’ve said it, friend, and farewell to you.
She’s the one who’s got to do it.
It’s been eleven years since the earthquake.
Though the truth of your treachery is as plain as black on white, I can scarcely believe it, it’s so past understanding.
But Edward is still alive.
And that necklace around his neck is the very one he swore he didn’t have!
It is that.
I have.
Something’s wrong, the man sounds panicked.
It’s something, it’s nothing: it’s yours, it’s mine, and it’ll belong to thousands more.
You’re right.
It’s fair game to mark a coward.
It’s strange that Regan and her husband left their house without sending back my messenger.
These lovers are saying some strange things, Theseus.
It’s strange, strange.
It’s very strange.
It’s weird.
Damn you!
It’s difficult to have such immaturity so close to my heart, but bear with me.
That’s the curse of military service.
He’s going senile.
It’s the last command I shall ever give you.
It’s the tragedy of our times that lunatics must lead the blind.
They probably put him up to killing old man Gloucester to get his money.
Word is that Richmond is the navy’s admiral.
It is three o'clock, and, Romans, before night, we will try our luck in a second battle.
It’s like this: as long as a person tells me the truth, even though it means my death, I will listen as though he praised me.
It’s time for you to know the whole story.
It’s time for me to go.
It’s time to reassess the situation.
It’s time to leave.
It’s time that we brought our armies into the field.
I’m afraid that may be the case, madam.
Oh, it’s too terrible.
It’s too late to go to bed now.
It’s too small for your large mind.
It’s torture, not mercy.
It’s true, Hero says so.
It’s true.
It’s true that my brother’s daughter is Queen of Tunis, and heir of Naples.
That’s true, my lord: I did get this ring from her.
It’s true, my lords, he did.
It’s true, this so-called “god”—he shook.
It’s true.
That’s true.
Yes, it’s true.
Yes, it is.
From now until then seems like twenty years.
Two or three men, my lord, who brought the message that Macduff has fled to England.
All right, have it your way.
Very sad.
That’s very likely.
That was too much.
That’s very strange.
Very true.
Yes, that was it.
I think it’s better to call it off.
That was a fine fanfare, boys.
This is a good agreement.
It’s a good thing for you that, being castrated, you can better concentrate on my needs.
It’s good you found me.
It’s a good thing you’re not a piece of fish.
It’s nice you’re offering to sacrifice her behind her back.
It’s good you hunted for yourself, sir.
That’s great.
Oh, that’s with worry.
He’s somewhere between boy and man.
It’s a wonder you didn’t lose your life and your mind all at once.—He’s waking up.
It’s unbelievable.
It’s worse than murder to humiliate a king’s messenger like this.
It’s yours, and you may hang us, your trophies of war, anywhere you like.
Titinius, if you love me, get on your horse and spur him on until he’s brought you to those troops and back again, so that I can find out whether those troops are friends or enemies.
Titinius is lying face-up.
Get to it, be lustful, sleep around—I need soldiers for my army.
Get yourself to a convent, fast.
And here I am, with that piece.
Go to Adriana, you scoundrel, and quickly.
To Adriana?
We’ll have another bear-baiting just to make him angry, and we’ll mock him till he’s black and blue.
The table of contents says it’s in the first chapter of his heart.
If I answered that question, I’d be making confession to you.
I’ll use it for fish bait.
To Baptista Minola’s house.
To be good-looking is a matter of luck, but to read and write is a natural gift.
Just being thanked is more than enough for me, madam.
Just think, I could be Count Malvolio!
Only one man in ten thousand is good in this world.
I was a reasonable man, then I became a fool, and finally a beast!
If there’s any doubt, there is no doubt.
You can refuse to make me your spouse, but I’ll be your servant whether you want me to or not.
To bed, to bed!
To bed!
You will be an accessory to both crimes.
To Brutus’s, to Cassius’s, let’s burn them all.
When we love our job we get up early and go to it joyfully.
Go to your cabins and be quiet!
I’ll yield my legions and cavalry to Caesar.
We’re here to say “amen” to that.
To cut my penalty from that bankrupt man over there.
Dying, sleeping—that’s all dying is—a sleep that ends all the heartache and shocks that life on earth gives us—that’s an achievement to wish for.
To die, to sleep—to sleep, maybe to dream.
I think I can do that.
I learned to do this from you.
What do you need me to do?
To Dover.
They eat us up hungrily, and when they’re full, they vomit us up.
I’ll steal away to England, and I’ll steal some more when I get there.
I myself, who am more indebted to you than anyone, have brought you this young scholar
If you want to make me happy, don’t wish yourself harm.
When you just want to eat, it’s better to do that at home.
Not even to get her fan, or her gloves, or her mask, or anything?
To get my poor, mad husband out from inside there.
To find you.
In order to flatter Caesar, would you flirt with the servant who laces up his pants?
If we flee from the boar before the boar even pursues us, we’ll only make the boar angry and suspicious, causing him to chase us when he never intended to.
Oh, I know.
I feel bad for scaring you like this, but it would be much worse for me to let you come to harm.
get his position and use him to hurt Othello at the same time?
I tried to stop speaking plainly, since you dislike plain speech so much.
to have a stupid wife.
I see Regan and Goneril in hell—A thousand hissing devils with sizzling red pitchforks come up to them!
You certainly deserve it.
I’m saying it to the girl who isn’t here and doesn’t hear me.
I was engaged to her before I ever met Hermia.
You tell her, widow!
Now talk to him in your own voice, and tell me how he is.
I will go find him.
Go to him, Sir Topas.
He’ll accompany my wife, and bring whatever else you think I might need.
toward his own father who loves him so completely.
To our horses, you gallant princes.
I’ll go to Ireland.
To leave his wife, his children, his house, and his titles in a place so unsafe that he himself flees it!
I overlooked your request, but I did not deny it.
Can you imagine being hitched to a lump of clay?
In order to make your company even more enjoyable, I’m going to keep to myself until suppertime.
We just want you to answer to your real name.
And to me, Denmark is a prison.
Gave me, sir?
You won’t stand and fight.
I won’t lodge any more than that under my roof.
To none but you, only to you.
For someone as intelligent as you the situation must be clear enough.
To our house.
Many former friends of ours have gathered to meet the fleet and aren’t willing to beat it back.
When a majestic king starts acting silly, then it’s my duty to be blunt.
We’re done for!
I’ll send my eyes to prison, and they’ll never be free to look at anything again.
It’s not fair to punish me for something you make me do.
To save her life, I’ll say she doesn’t.
To see an elderly, unlucky merchant from Syracuse publicly beheaded for breaking the law and coming here to Ephesus.
No, this fun is not for me.
To the Forest of Arden, to find your father.
What I deserve is that you treat me like a queen, and what you deserve is to act like my subjects.
It’s easy for a liar to pretend to feel sorrow when he actually feels none.
Would raise babies and clip coupons.
To supper?
I could take back my crown by force—What outrageous ingratitude!
Goneril would go crazy if I chose Regan, but it would be hard to get in with Goneril while her husband’s still alive.
To tell you that you’ll see me at Philippi.
Really, I’m only pretending to be him.
Telling you where he’s sleeping is like telling you where I’m lying.
Go to the church: take the priest, the clerk, and some reasonably honest witnesses.
Go to your tomb!
To that end, I presented him with the tennis balls, the perfect expression of his inexperience and frivolity.
To the breach, to the breach!
Until the day we die, my lord.
We’ll meet at the Elephant.
I’d follow you to the gates of Hell, you sneaky little devil!
Let’s drink to our general!
Take him off to jail!
The tunnels!
Go to the harbor immediately!
That’s exactly what they said.
Into God’s hands.
Let’s take up the best positions we can in the valleys.
Edmund, you deserve me to be your woman.
Before I fall asleep, I entrust my soul to you.
You, who are neither honest nor good.
Everyone who comes to gamble on winning me has to swear to these three rules.
This land will belong to your and Albany’s children forever.—And now what does my second daughter Regan, the wife of Cornwall, have to say?
Tie him to this chair.—You’ll see, criminal— By the gods, it’s disgraceful for you to pull my beard.
Add defiance to all this and, by way of conclusion, tell him that he has betrayed the men who follow him, whose death sentence has been pronounced.” My king and master’s message delivered, my task is done.
For you to threaten to kill me is most unlawful.
Only to watch that title become worthless, as her mother has.
How low we can fall, Horatio.
What did he say?
Why did I just send you home?
Why would they do that, my lord?
And what would that accomplish?
To which we all appeal.
Whom should we look for in the castle?—Whose job is it?
To whom?
Who would do that?
Which of us are you referring to?
Unfaithful, my lord?
The ones you’ve sent our lunatic king to.
I want to take the love I had for my cousin and take it out on the body of the man who killed him.
I’m torn.
To, to, to— To murder me?
Those men you just mentioned will be beheaded today.
Tom will chase them off.—Go away, you mongrels!
Let’s go, Tom.
Tom’s chilly.
Tom’s chilly.
Then tomorrow at dinner?
I’ll go hunting again tomorrow, I think.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the happy day, Audrey.
Then come to my house tomorrow morning, and since you couldn’t be my son-in-law, be my nephew instead.
Tomorrow night make sure that you are alone.
Tomorrow night, when the moon shines on the water and decorates the grass with tiny beads of pearly light (the time of night that always hides runaway lovers), we plan to sneak out of Athens.
They’ll be here tomorrow or the next day.
Tomorrow, I’ll let you know what I’ve decided and what answer you should deliver to the king of England.
We’ll give you an answer tomorrow.
I will see you tomorrow, then.
I’ll talk to you again tomorrow.
Tomorrow I’ll send the messenger.
Will you be crowned tomorrow?
We’ll be married tomorrow.
Come talk to me tomorrow as early as you can.—Come with me, my dear love.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow.
He plans to leave tomorrow.
Before sunrise tomorrow, we’ll kill anyone who escaped today.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I’ll be able to tell you what land and sea forces I can raise for this war.
If you’d like to talk tomorrow, I’ll come to your home.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I’m fighting for my reputation, and any man who gets away without a broken bone or two is an exceptional wrestler indeed.
Tomorrow, soldier, I’ll fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow’s a good day.
This is beyond words and beyond belief!
Tongue, do not speak.
Now I have to leave.
I will mourn Hero tonight.
Tonight in Harfleur we will be your guest; tomorrow we’ll march on.
Tonight she is shut up in her room, alone with her sadness.
You know too much about suffering.
Too late, good Diomedes.
You thought about it too long, considering what you found there.
That’s definitely too old.
Being too old to marry someone young.
Too fast is as bad as too slow.
I know a lot about the love women can feel for men.
Only too well.
Whether you bite to kill, Mastiff, greyhound, or ugly mutt,
Kiss her soft mouth, and we’ll be off.
You’re hitting close to home there.
Did you mention that Edward’s children are bastards?
I seek no revenge for myself, but so dearly do I hold the safety of my kingdom, which you sought to destroy, that you must be punished according to her laws.
As for this ghost we just saw, he’s a real one, I can tell you that much.
They fled toward Peloponnesus.
Toward Chertsey, noble lord?
I headed toward him, but he saw me coming and hid in the woods.
Do you carry a pike?
Tranio got you that time.
Tranio, I saw her coral-pink lips move and perfume the air with her breath.
Tranio, let’s go.
You can’t mean it, Tranio!
Go ahead, I’ll yield to your power.
Travelers have never told lies, no matter what the fools at home accuse them of.
Go get money.
We’ve been betrayed!
All other devils who tempt people to treason patch together some motive, put together from shreds
After that, nothing can hurt him further—not weapons, poison, rebellion, invasion, or anything else.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his cue.
She stood trembling, then suddenly dropped dead.
And what a beard trimmed like the general’s or a rough uniform will do among foaming mugs and brains washed with ale, you wouldn’t believe.
Trinculo, if you interrupt him any more, I swear I’ll knock some teeth out of your head.
Trinculo, speak politely.
Trinculo, watch out.
Hurry up, Audrey, hurry.—I’m coming, I’m coming.
Three-time traitor and whore!
Really, I think your other ruff is better.
Yes, my lord, I played the part of a gossip and brought him the news.
Truly, no—no more than is reasonable.
Honestly, sir, I’d need to use words to explain why, and since words are so unreliable and false, I’d rather avoid using them in a serious discussion.
Don’t trouble him further until his mind is more settled.
Don’t bother us up here.
Don’t spend any more time here.
Do you know where I’m going?
Hope with good cause is swift; it flies as fast as a swallow.
We have in fact seen better days and been summoned to church by the ringing of the holy bell and sat at good men’s feasts and cried tears of pity—therefore, sit down and take whatever will satisfy your needs.
Right or not, it’s made you the Earl of Gloucester.
Yes, madam, that’s the one.
It’s possible, ma'am.
That’s true, my good boy.—Come on, take us to that hut.
It’s true, my lord.
True, noble prince.
That’s true, sir.
True,” she said, “a fine little one.” “No,” I said, “a huge wit.” “Right,” she said, “a hugely awful one.” “No,” I said, “he has a good wit.” “Exactly,” she said, “it’s good and mild; it doesn’t hurt anyone.” “No,” I said, “Benedick is wise.” “He is certainly,” she said,  She cried a lot at that, and said she didn’t care.
It’s true!
True.
In that case I’m afraid you’re damned by both your father and your mother.
Actually, I’d like a few pounds of grass.
She’s obedient—a fine lady.
In fact, I consider ambition to be so light and airy that it’s only the shadow of a shadow.
I certainly do have him, but I wouldn’t advise you to touch him.
Yes, I really think so.
Really, Audrey, I wish you were more poetical.
Well, he keeps the devil away as well as a man can in his situation.
Truthfully, my name is Cinna.
Indeed, she gives a very good testimony of the snake’s power.
No, someone has to give her away or the marriage isn’t legal.
Well, in and of itself, it is a good life, but given that it’s a shepherd’s life, it’s worthless.
Sir, I make my living using an awl.
And you, sir, what’s  Well, compared to a fine workman, you might call me a mere cobbler.
I’m better off because of my enemies, and worse off because of my friends.
Well, to wear out their shoes and get myself more work.
Congratulations, lady: you resemble a most honorable man.
He was wrong to do that.
Well, the tree bears rotten fruit.
Really, young men, though it wasn’t a very hard song to get right, the music was still all out of tune.
I’m happy about that.
I swear, I could do so much— Please, no more.
Really, I’m afraid you are.
I swear he’s the better dog.
Don’t trust rotten planks.
Don’t trust Trebonius.
Think about it.
Tubal, a wealthy Jew I know, will supply me with the cash.
Once more I come to ask you, King Harry, if you’re ready to negotiate your ransom before your certain defeat.
Tunis has never had such a beautiful queen.
Then turn your noble face away from me, that face that the whole world adores.
Sadness is only appropriate for funerals.
If each grain of sand had a tongue to eulogize, my horse would be a topic for them all.
Go back and tell your king I do not seek an encounter with him now but would be willing to march on to Calais without interference, for—to be honest, though it’s probably unwise to confess this to a powerful enemy who has the advantage—my men are considerably weakened by illness, my numbers reduced, and those few men I have almost no better than so many Frenchmen, though when they were in good form, I tell you, herald, I thought three Frenchmen walked on every pair of English legs.
Even the goddess of patience couldn’t look at this and be patient—it’s too horrifying!
Turn right at the next turn, but at the following turn, turn left.
Turn around, you dog from hell, turn around!
And, as the speaker of any prologue should, I ask you to hear our play courteously and to judge it kindly.
Oh, don’t worry about it—we’ll dip your    I’ll get you for that one.
Oh, I don’t know.
C’mon, I might as well say the fool’s the fool!
And everything will be alright, I promise you, wife.
Tsk, you’re wrong.
Damn you, don’t mock and sneer at me.
It’s absurd.
Don’t worry about me.
I know how they think, and I understand why they’re doing this.
I’m not myself.
I have the best armor in the world.
I don’t like it.
Why, she’s a lamb, a dove, a child compared to him!
So cheer up, there’s still hope for you, man.
Tut, tut, my lord, we’re not going to stand around chit-chatting.
Tut, tut, you’ve become rather icy.
It was a color he never did like.
It was just an accident!
It was a rough night.
To race after your departing ships, leaving his navy to watch, was a shame as great as the resulting loss.
It was a lovely wedding, and we’re doing really well on our trip home.
It took me two years before I had a single tooth.
He was the one who denounced his father.
It was I, in fact, whom you promised to strike.
I did kill her.
That was me, but it’s not me— I’m not ashamed to tell you what I once was, since I’m so happy to have since converted.
The world’s gone downhill since fake humility started passing for compliments.
There was no need to tell me to get out of there.
It was the day he overcame the Nervii warriors.
A boy robbed you, but you’ll beat up the post instead.
I’m the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters.
I was told that you were violent, proud, and sullen.
It was the play in which you wooed the gentlewoman so successfully.
It used to be the last ditch comfort of miserable people.
It’s you we were laughing at.
Pinch my nose?
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago your father was the Duke of Milan, a powerful prince.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
I could challenge him to a duel and then not show up.
He’d better not speak badly of Brutus here.
No, it’d be a sin to think such a low thought.
It wouldn’t hurt you to be charitable.
His wildness is a threat to all of us—to you, to me, to everyone.
If you thought that you’d be thinking too much.
But his kindness was nobler than even his desire for revenge, his natural goodness was stronger than his need to give his brother what he deserved.
Then I heard the trumpets blow twice, and left him there in a trance.
I have a good plan.
There’s going to be a storm.
It will be made even heavier soon—by the weight of a man.
The king will be angry with him.
But never mind.
The change will be recorded as a precedent, and many bad legal decisions will result.
I’ve made a risky investment.
Wind and rain can’t wash it off.
I really don’t know.
Two great enemies, in fact, enemies to my peace of mind.
Two hundred ducats.
After midnight, for two nights running, these two guards, Marcellus and Barnardo, saw a figure that looked very much like your father, in full armor from head to toe.
You’ll be back at two o'clock?
Two of both kinds makes four.
Two of my brother’s men, all tied up!
Two of the brightest stars in the whole sky had to go away on business, and they’re asking her eyes to twinkle in their places until they return.
Two of them are completely honorable, and if they have been tricked in this, we must blame John the Bastard, who lives to create conflict.
Two or three men are groaning.
There are two opposite elements in everything, in men as well as in herbs—good and evil.
Now two things still need to be done.
Second, he must make a will here in this court that leaves all his property to his son-in-law Lorenzo and his daughter when he dies.
Two thousand ducats a year from his land!
There’s two—a man and a woman.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished.”
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished.
Tybalt wanted to kill you, but you killed Tybalt.
Tybalt was my nephew!
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?
Tybalt, old Capulet’s nephew, has sent a letter to Romeo’s father’s house.
Tybalt, I have a reason to love you that lets me put aside the rage I should feel and excuse that insult.
Tybalt’s death would be bad enough if that was all.
Tyranny is dead!
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants themselves wept when they heard about it.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
The human being unburdened by the trappings of civilization is no more than a poor, naked, two-legged animal like you.
Remove your armor, Eros.
Let me unbutton this.
Stop—if you can’t be kind, at least have some shame.
Uncle, I’m coming out!
Uncle, this man is a Montague—our enemy.
But, uncle, you know how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Why did this have to happen now?
Unleash the dogs in the western valley.
If it’s that important, then let the women die.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
I sink under the heavy weight of love.
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
From under the earth.
With this in mind, speak, my lord.
What captain do you serve?
How can I describe you that will make you appeal to the young woman and will also agree with God, the law, my honor, and her feelings?
Go ahead.
If they march along unopposed, I will sell my dukedom for a sodden, filthy farm in that craggy isle of Albion.
Unhappy fortune!
I don’t have a talent for putting my heart’s feelings into words.
Unkindness is powerful, and his unkindness may kill me, but it’ll never destroy my love.
This disrespectful stance toward the man who is your lord, your king, your governor tarnishes your beauty the way the frosts of winter blights the land.
Unless you’re talking about his love for this kind of foolishness—which, judging from his appearance, he has—he is no fool for love, as you pretend.
Unless I’ve mistaken his battle flags, which I’m sure I haven’t, his regiment lies at least half a mile south of the king’s mighty army.
If only his lord were more like him.
Unless you can also teach me how to forget my banished father, you shouldn’t try to teach me how to be happy.
I’m not a traitor, unfair lady.
Get out!
Until I know for sure, I’ll humor her.
It’s a bad time for such an injury.
When storms arrive early, you can expect the harvest will be damaged.
Only men whom you wouldn’t trust anyway would swear oaths, and for the worst reasons.
No, advancement to the dignity and height of honor, to a high, imperial kind of glory.
Reluctantly, I agreed–alas!
Up and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down.
crowned by the golden sun, observed his heroic son and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature, French youth whose fathers and God had nurtured for twenty years, since they were babies.
Get up.
Advancement to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
I’ll lie here tonight.
Awake, my lords!
Rise, princes, and, with a spirit of honor more sharply edged than your swords, rush to the battlefield: Charles Delabreth, High Constable of France; you dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy; Jaques Chatillon, Rambures, Vaudemont, Beaumont, Grandpré, Roussi, and Fauconberg, Foix, Lestrale, Bouciqualt, and Charolois.
Get up, get up, and look at this image of doomsday!
Up.
I didn’t like the way a particular courtier had cut his beard.
On the condition that your sister’s son, Publius, also must die, Mark Antony.
When she landed at the port, Antony sent an invitation for her to come to supper.
He deserves only honor, complete honor.
There is no indication of the mighty army that surrounds them in his expression, nor has the long, sleepless night robbed his face of an ounce of color.
I swear on my honor that we saw and heard Hero talking to a brute at her window last night.
It’s true I heard a humming sound, a strange one, which woke me up.
I swear— —each actor arrived on his ass.
I swear, somehow the fool has been cheated out of all my money.
Upon my life, my lord, I’ll do it.
Even though I don’t see it, this lady thinks I’m a marvelously good-looking man.
I have the authority to dismiss this court, unless Bellario comes today.
I swear on my soul it was a lie.
Swear by my sword.
On record, my gracious lord.
My Cordelia, even the gods admire how much you’ve sacrificed for me.
With that I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
An important droplet is hanging from the corner of the moon.
What was that thing I saw moving away from you up on the cliff before you fell?
Upon the king!
I’ll see you on the guards' platform between eleven and twelve tonight.
I’ll go to the right side.
Four o'clock in the morning.
It’s almost four.
It’s almost ten o'clock.
When the actors were talking about poison?
Let’s go!
I took the hint and spoke to her.
Why are you doing this?
Why?
What sickness did she die of?
May your sword be victorious and everything you do succeed.
I’ll send goblins out at night to work their nasty deeds on you.
Don’t provoke me any further or I’ll forget to restrain myself.
You are building your nest in
It
Treat Desdemona well.
Don’t just swear by it; put your hand to some use that will prove you love me.
Be lenient, dearest!
Treat me like you would treat a dog—kick me, hit me, neglect me, try to lose me.
Treat me well.
Treat them with honor and dignity.
Go ahead, use your authority.
You want me to say what I’m thinking?
We don’t need to hear it.
Get out of my sight, or I’ll give you what you deserve and spoil Caesar’s victory.
Varrus and Claudio!
Damn it all to hell!
Blab my nonsense!
Blab my nonsense?
I’m off to visit my friends in Padua—particularly my best friend Hortensio.
Summertime in Verona has no flower as fine as him.
Nice and short and full of good sense—or should I say nonsense?
It’s entirely possible.
Yes, very bad.
Absolutely.
When good orators finish talking, they spit; when lovers do (God help us if they ever do), they kiss.
Yes, sir.
Very good!
Good.
I’m very sick, too.
Yes, very much like a whale.
Many people, men and women alike.
Yes, it stinks very sweetly.
He’s pretty awful in the morning when he’s sobering up, and even worse in the afternoon when he’s drunk.
Nice save!
Very well taken, I believe, very wise.
Very well, ma'am.
Yes, I did, my lord.
Yes, my lord, quite well.
Fine!” he says.
Very well.
All right.
Fine.
Okay.
All right, I’ll stop.
Don’t disturb his soul.
Don’t joke about his predictions.
Victory is with us.
I’ll give my vile body back to the earth.
I am no villain.
I’m telling you to make a fist and pound.
Certainly not!
And I hope you realized I wasn’t very happy about it.
Villain, you don’t know the laws of God or of man.
You said those exact things to me back in the marketplace.
You evil whore!
Villains, you didn’t do even that much when your vile daggers struck each other as they hacked up Caesar’s sides.
Virtue is beauty, but someone beautiful and wicked is like an empty box decorated by the devil.
A virtuous woman won’t give her husband horns, and my Rosalind is definitely virtuous.
Virtue turns to vice if it’s misused.
A good person who does something wrong is only patched up with sin.
Can’t help it?
As for those who have, I beg you to excuse the gaps in time, and the many people and things that cannot be represented here in all their magnitude and proper form.
Please wear this ring.
Contagious infection of humanity, give me a chance to condemn you for the evils I know you’ve committed.
Divine, perfect woman, give me a chance to prove in detail that I’m innocent of the evils you accuse me of.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Don’t wake her.
Wake up when something nasty is nearby.
And he’s still warm, by God.
I assure you, my man is as true as steel.
Wasn’t that the best thing to do?
Isn’t that the reason you told me all this?
Was it you that he rescued?
Was it you that was always plotting to kill him?
Was there ever such an evil book with such a beautiful cover?
Was a man ever as dirty as me?
Was a man ever beaten as much as me?
Was a man ever so tired?
Was there ever a match put together so quickly?
And has anyone ever won her, as I’ve done?
Has anyone ever courted a woman in this state of mind?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
Wasn’t he friends with all those brawling knights who serve my father?
Wasn’t he here?
Was I even close to you in the chase for the goose?
Wasn’t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other?
Did you go to bed so late, my friend, that you’re having a hard time getting up now?
Was the Duke of Milan kicked out of Milan so his children could become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
There was never a mother who suffered so much loss.
There has never been a widow who suffered such loss as me.
Wasn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, here to speak with me?
Wasn’t Don John at dinner tonight?
Wasn’t that Cassio leaving my wife?
Wasn’t that letter from Jessica?
Doesn’t that sound like true love?
Was that the Caius Cassius that I knew?
Was it mine?
Was that my father who left here in such a hurry?
The crown was offered to him three times?
Were you drunk when you seemed so hopeful before?
Was this ambition?
Did this happen before the King of France returned home?
Was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore?
Are they washing out his wounds with their tears?
Wash your hands.
Were you born here in the forest?
Were you ever at court, shepherd?
Were you mad when you spoke to me so madly?
Weren’t you ordered, on penalty of— Why Dover?—Let him answer that question first.
Watch me like a hawk.
Be on guard duty tonight.
We all expect a nice answer from you, Jew.
We’re all against what Caesar stands for, and there’s no blood in that.
Every one of us is a criminal.
We are fortunate in the change.
We’re lucky that Rome is rid of him.
We will do the same.
There are enough of us still alive in the field to overcome the English with our numbers if we could just restore some kind of order.
Sounds good to us.
We’re friends!
I’m happy the Dauphin has such a good sense of humor.
We’re being haunted.
We’re in God’s hands, brother, not in theirs.
We are men, my lord.
I am no tyrant but a Christian king, whose emotions are as tightly controlled as the wretches who languish in our prisons.
We’re in.
The king sent us to give you his thanks and to bring you to him.
There he is!
We are all made of dreams, and our life stretches from sleep before birth to sleep after death.
You and I, Kate, we are the makers of custom, and the freedom that goes with our position silences all who would criticize, as I will silence you for upholding the prudish custom of your country in refusing me a kiss.
Farewell, brother.
We are responsible for this.
We’re three of them.
We’re two lions born on the same day in the same litter, and I’m the older and more terrible.
We’re ruined, lady, we’re ruined!
We’re sorry to hear this.
We’re still just beginners when it comes to crime.
We are, my lord.
We’re strangers here.
We both have eaten as well, and we can both endure the cold winter as well as he.
I came here crying.
We came here to fight against you.
We can’t all be masters, and not all masters should be followed.
We can’t be in two places at once, both here and there!
Her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods.
We cannot fight for love as men can.
We charge you, in the Prince’s name, to stop!
I thumb my nose at superstitions.
We respected the beat of the song, sir.
We did, my lord, weeping and carrying on about the sobbing deer.
We don’t come here with the intention of making you happy.
We don’t know.
What we have to worry about is a full-scale invasion from Scotland—always an unreliable neighbor.
Yes, sir.
We don’t doubt it.
I’m now sure that every bump in the road has been removed.
I have no doubt that it will be a swift and successful war, since God so graciously exposed this dangerous plot.
You’ve been competing with this king for my daughter.
We’ll follow you.
We found him in the churchyard.
We were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men with no teeth.
There were many even more memorable feasts.
We have a little dessert coming up.
We’ve driven him all the way back to his camp.
We’ve been praying for our husbands' welfare.
We’ve been looking for him everywhere.
We can be happy that things have been resolved so agreeably.
We have consented to all reasonable terms.
We’ve finished our business.
We’ve advanced too far.
We have  And one of them is the criminal Deformed.
We have kissed away entire kingdoms and provinces.
We failed in half of our mission.
Now I’m afraid we’ve lost your son forever.
We have no friends but determination and the quickest death.
We don’t have any music that can’t be heard.
But we haven’t made any preparations.
We haven’t even talked about who’ll be our torchbearers.
We have not yet set the coronation day.
We have slashed the snake but not killed it.
We’ve seen the best our age has to offer.
We have enough supplies for it, and they’ve earned it.
But we already swore, sir.
We have two hours to get ready.
We did a lot of drinking in Egypt.
We are used to winning by standing on the earth and fighting toe to toe.
There are more than enough willing women around.
That it was, sir.
We’re waiting here for you.
I hope to make the sender blush for it.
Uncle of Exeter, release the man who was arrested yesterday for railing against me.
We know each other’s faces, but as for our thoughts, he doesn’t know any more about my thinking than I do about yours or his—or you do about mine.
We know you have a job to do, Brakenbury, and we’ll do what you say.
We know what’s appropriate for a watch.
We shouldn’t make any judgments until we achieve our goal.
We’ll see you tomorrow.
We didn’t expect Mark Antony to be here.
I love him dearly, and I shall continue to favor him.
We might as well send orders to the whale to come ashore as try to restore order in soldiers carried away with their looting.
We still have time to get all of this done before daybreak.
We have to be married properly.
Don’t mess with me.
What a painful condition responsibility is.
We’ve got to give them and take them, my lord.
We all must die, Messala.
We have to strike while the iron’s hot.
Come on, we have to follow the leaders of the dance.
We should rip off your man’s clothing and show the world the woman who has represented her own kind so badly.
We have to take the king’s side.
We shouldn’t displease him.
We must not.
We’re on a tight schedule.
We have to go out and talk to them.
We need to stay away from each other until midnight tomorrow.
It’s time for us to stand guard.
Men tend to be at their most irresponsible when they’re away from home.
We’re near his room now.
We didn’t please them on land.
We beg you, for your own sake, to respect your safety and give up.
And that Mr. Shore’s wife has nice feet, cherry lips, pretty eyes, and a very pleasant way of expressing herself.
We say the king is wise and good, and his noble queen is getting old, pretty, and not jealous.
We know how much they suffer if we are unkind to them.
We understand you’re just doing it for us, and we’ll be sure to say so.
That’s the beginning of the day we see, but I don’t think we’ll see the end of it.—Who goes there?
We’re unprepared for this wedding celebration.
If we’re  Hello, Monsieur Le Beau.
We’re going to have an out-and-out brawl if I stay any longer.
We’ll get married at some point, Audrey.
We’d find that he was a dangerous plotter.
We’ll have to think about it carefully.
But you’re not going to deliver it, are you?
This guy will tell us everything.
We’re not getting any younger.
I’d obey even if she were my mother ten times over.
We shall, my liege.
We’ll do what you want us to, my lord.
We will, my lord.
We would have liked to have heard your good advice, which has always been serious and helpful, at the council today, but we’ll wait until tomorrow.
I would have met you by sea and again by land.
We would profane the other dead souls here if we sang the same requiem for her that we sang for them.
We’re not saying anything treasonous, man.
We’re talking here in a public place.
If we don’t obey them, they’ll suck the life out of us or pinch us black and blue.
We thank your Honor.
Yes, I have great cause to be thankful.
We don’t think so, my lord.
We three are married, but you two are defeated.
We thought he was a coward, but he fights like a devil.
We took this pickax and this shovel from him, as he was walking from this side of the graveyard.
The two of us together will sing like birds in a cage.
The two of us will guard you while you sleep, my lord, and keep you safe.
We’ll come with you, your Grace.
We will wait on you, your majesty.
No we’re not—it’s night.
There were enough Christians before—as many of them as could stand to live near each other.
We’re to be married on Sunday.
We want answers.
We’ll be your witnesses.
We will watch the execution.
We will go in together.
Let’s take a little walk in the orchard before dinner.
We’ll be ready when the time comes.
We’ll hurry.
We’ll speak again tomorrow.
There will be no lecture.
We’ll write it in alternating eight- and six-syllable lines, just like in a ballad.
We want to hear Caesar’s will.
We’re off to eat and whoop it up at your father’s house.
We’ll leave you here.
We’ll be there, and there we’ll rehearse courageously and wonderfully, truly obscenely.
We’ll be there.
We’ll take care of it.
I’ll try to persuade him to put on something more appropriate before going to the church, if it’s at all possible.
We can’t go on with this plan.
We won’t hold back any of our wisdom.
We will speak about this further.
We’ll win yet.
My beautiful queen, we’ll go up the mountain and listen to the hounds as their barking echoes in the cliffs and sounds like music.
We will, my noble lord.
Of course we will.
We hope you feel better and find some peace.
Before I hear him, I want to decide some important issues that are on my mind concerning my throne and France.
I want all such offenders to be dealt with that way, and I give precise orders that in our progress through the country there shall be nothing seized from the villages, nothing taken that is not paid for, none of the French harassed or abused in disrespectful language.
We would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us.
That’s right, and then after we fixed the moon, we’d go bird-hunting.
We, now at our largest, can only decrease.
We used to sit together and sew one flower with our two needles, sewing it on one piece of cloth, sitting on the same cushion, singing one song in the same key, as if our hands, our sides, our voices and our minds were stuck together.
In that case, the wise gods deny our prayers for our own good.
We’ll go forward with you and meet them at Philippi.
We’ll answer.
We’ll leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands get back.
Not until we part as friends.
We’ll chase ’em into their latrines.
We’ll bring him to his house with shouts and celebration!
We’ll burn his body in the holy place and use the brands to set the traitors' houses on fire.
We’ll burn Brutus’s house.
We’ll bury him, and then we’ll commit acts as brave and fine as any Romans, and make death proud to take us.
We’ll draw straws.
We can all go together.
We’ll have celebration feasts for each other before we go our separate ways.
We’ll see them immediately.
We’ll go together, and before we’ve spent all the savings of your youth, we’ll find a way to make a living.
We’ll have supper in the morning.
Then we’ll see that tomorrow night.
We’ll have a couch made up that’s softer and more fragrant even than the bed of lustful
We’ll put a picture of you on a sign, right above the words “Come see the tyrant!” I’m not going to surrender and have to kiss the ground in front of Malcolm, or be taunted by the common people.
We’ll watch a whole play tomorrow.
Let’s hear what he has to say.
We’ll listen to him.
We want to hear it, Antony.
We want to hear the will.
We shouldn’t have too big a celebration—we can invite a friend or two.
We’ll all want our fortune told.
We’ll take you there.
We’ll leave, Brutus.
Can we finish our lunch?
We’ll mutiny.
We’ll never see each other again.
We’re not going to run in our army, Monsieur Monster.
We’ll outwit them all—that old geezer, Gremio; the suspicious father, Minola; the prim musician lover, Litio—all for the sake of my master, Lucentio.
We’ll revenge his death.
We’ll watch them starve to death first.
We’ll see our husbands before they even have a chance to miss us.
We’ll send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he’ll say that you’re sick today.
You need to learn what ants know well about winter—there’s no point in slaving away if there’s no hope for profit.
We’ll begin the ceremony the way we hope it will end—with delight.
I’ll speak to them, and then tonight I’ll get them all so drunk that the wine seeps out of their old war wounds.
We’ll meet you at sea.
I’ll teach you to drink hard by the time you leave.
We’ll have the wedding at the church tomorrow.
Let’s go there.
We’ll go to the river.
We’ll go visit Caliban, my slave who always talks to us so nastily.
Lead the way, sir.
We’re at your service, my lord.
We’ve got some words of wisdom to mull over.
You have weapons?
Wear both the ring and my heart, because both are yours.
For eighty-one weeks he will waste away in agony.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
They are crying and moaning over Tybalt’s corpse.
In these less dainty times, you’re not breaking the laws of sanctuary to seize him.
Welcome back from Mantua.
You’re welcome here.
You are welcome here.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Hello, you idiot.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre!
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, good Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Hello, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, sir.
So I welcome this wind freely.
Welcome, traveler.
Welcome.
You know, you’re right.
Welcome to the open air again.
Gentlemen, I hope you are well.
Agreed.
Good question, my girl.
Well go on home.
Is that what you’ve heard?
Good for you, holding out on me like this!
I know the man well.
Have a good life.
Well, good luck!
It’s good we had this meeting.
Good to see you, Corporal Nym.
Good afternoon, good gentleman.
A nice coincidence, my lord.
Good to see you, Master Antipholus.
That’s good, Lion!
Very clever!
Pray well, father.
Good roaring, Lion!
Good running, Thisbe!
You said it right, old mole.
That’s well spoken.
There we go!
Good shining, Moon!—Really, the Moon shines very well.
Well done!
All right then, confess and live.
So you’ll go to hell?
Well then, I know who you are.
Well then, if I’ve ever thanked a man, I’ll thank you now.
And now it looks like you need my help.
All right then, legitimate brother Edgar, I have to have your lands.
Okay, just do this, noble Catesby: sound out Lord Hastings, but make it seem as if you’re just mulling over the idea, that it hasn’t been firmed up yet.
Well, did you think about what I said?
Well, then, help me.
Well, then, be brave and pretend to be a man.
Well, the peace you pleaded for so eloquently just now lies in his answer.
Well, it must have been Signior Benedick.
Good idea.
Good thinking.
They’re well too.
If only you were, sir.
You’ll discover that his youthful follies were like the persona that  Well, you’re wrong, my Lord High Constable.
Well, let’s go on.
Well then, don’t bother.
Well, it doesn’t matter.
I’m well, and probably will be for a while, as I hear that four feasts are being prepared.
Well, time will tell.
Well, what do you guess?
Well, I’ll turn pimp and do some occasional pickpocketing.
Look who’s here!
Well, Brutus, you’re noble.
Well, let me get back to my choice.
Well, but what time is it?
But as for now—before two weeks have gone by, I’m going to send some people packing.
Just come again tomorrow.
Ah well, my Kate.
When I send for you, come out wearing masks.
Be quick about it.
Well, do whatever you think best.
Well then, good bye, my lord.
Well, for your good looks, sir, thank God and don’t boast about it.
Well, onward, then.
As you know, next Sunday my daughter Katherina is to be married.
Well, you can go now.
Well, girl, you’re weeping not for his death as much as for the fact that the villain who killed him is still alive.
Well, go on your way, then.
Well, go along now.
All right, I will.
Well, all right then.
Well, we all have our special gifts.
Fine, thank you.
Well, good night.
Well, good luck to them tonight in bed!
Oh well, God’s in charge, and some people have to go to heaven, while other people have to go to hell.
At least I’ve got some booze to comfort me.
Indeed, honor is what I want to talk to you about.
Well, I’m glad that everything has been sorted out.
Well, I’m not beautiful, so I hope that I can at least be chaste.
Well, I’m sorry for your niece.
Well, it’s not for me to say.
All right, I understand.
Well, I’m nearly finished.
Well, I cannot tell how my difficult life has weathered my face, but I will never let those difficulties subdue my courage.
Well, I disagree.
Well, I’ll commit the sin of double-dealing, and deal you a second coin.
I’ll go get Beatrice for you, who can walk here by herself—she has legs.
I’ll do it even if I find you in the company of the king himself.
If  Well, I’ll just forget the difficulties of my situation, in order to focus on the happiness of yours.
Well, I’ll hurry and put these papers where you told me.
Well, I’ll get married one day, just to see.
Well, I’ll go to Scone.
Well then, I’ll do it.
Well, I wish you liked me.
Well, I’ll get my revenge.
Well, I’m going to break in.
The duke will drink under this tree.—He’s been looking for you all day, you know.
Well, I’ll go hide the body in some hole until the duke gives orders for his burial.
Well, if you could have just an inch of better fortune than me, where would you like the improvement?
Well, you’re not on target there.
Anyway, Jessica, go inside.
Well, God is responsible for that, not me, and he deserves thanks.
Well, Juliet, I’ll lie with you tonight.
If you hang around me for two more years, you’ll forget the sound of your own voice.
We have to give up and let him go.
Come here!
Well, let it strike ten then.
Well, it doesn’t matter anymore.
Well, enough about them.—Come here, Catesby.
Well, let’s get out of here and tell Macbeth what we did accomplish.
Get information from her.
He’s fine and healthy, madam.
Well gentlemen, we’ve heard our assignment.
I hope things go well there.
Well, we’ll speak more soon.
Very well, my supreme lord—that’s what I have to call you now.
Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
My lord, I informed them as much.
I will, my lord.
Got it, sir.
I will.
Well, old man, I’ll tell you news of your son.
Well, may peace be with you.
Well, anyway, goodbye.
Well, Petruchio, all this is very encouraging.
Well, praise the Lord you’re ugly.
Just say it.
I’m listening to you only because I’ve got nothing better to do.
Well, sir, go inside.
Well sir, good night.
Well, thank you.
All right, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I’ll take you to Lear and have you stay with him a while.
Well, sir, the gown is not for me.
Well, learn to make jokes at the appropriate time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
Well, then it will be dry.
Well, we’ll stop, then.
I’m sorry, you were saying?
Very good, sir.
Well then.
Well, let’s sit down and listen to Barnardo tell us.
Well, okay.—I swear to God, both their stories match.
Well, Susan died and is with God.
Well, Syracusian, tell us–briefly–why you left your hometown and came to Ephesus.
You promised to tell me.
Well, that’s what the wife brings to the marriage.
Well, we’ve missed the beginning; it’s dead and buried.
Then I’ll see you again?
Well, then, that’s how it is.
Well, start thinking about marriage now.
Well, do your best.
Well, you have given me great comfort.
Well, time is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal.
Well, let’s move on to our work with the living.
Well, we’ll see how you act.
Welcome, my good friends.
Well, we were all born to die.
All right, we’ll see you at dinnertime.
Well, let’s watch it.
Well, well, let’s go.
Well, then, put your sword away.
Well, well, you have a careful father, child.
We’ve got it now.—Do you see this, my good fellow?
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
Well, what’s your plan?
Well, what was your dream?
Well, give me the worst news.
Listen to you, instructing me like a parrot would.
You’re in trouble either way.
Also, you’re supposed to visit all the bars and tell anyone who’s drunk to go home and go to bed.
Well, you have made a foolish choice.
You may be exaggerating the risks.
Just you wait.
Well, your imprisonment won’t last long.
All right, we’ll have a prologue then.
Very well.
All right, then.
All right.
Good.—Now come, Ariel!
Was that him just now?
They’re certainly a peaceful couple!
Didn’t you go to her for a purse full of ducats?
If I let myself do what I yearn to, I’d rip the flesh off your bones.
If I saw twenty of the greatest powers that pay tribute to Caesar taking such liberties with her hand—what’s her name now?
But this would be too cold a place to sleep if he hadn’t warmed himself with ale.
If I were your average fool, or if I made my feelings for you worthless by making the same promises of friendship to everybody, or if you’d seen me first flattering men, hugging them tightly, and later slandering them behind their backs, or if you hear that I drunkenly declare friendship at banquets with all the rabble, only then, of course, go ahead and assume I’m dangerous.
If I were in England now, like I was once, and I had even a painted picture of this fish, every fool there would give me a piece of silver to look at it.
If I were my father, cousin, would I do this?
Is that a good idea, do you think?
Wouldn’t it be better—since I’m unusually tall for a woman—to dress myself like a man?
There have never been orphans who’ve suffered what we have.
My doors were locked and I was shut out, right?
Excuse me, weren’t you with Countess Olivia just now?
Were these things we’re talking about really here?
If the world were mine, I’d give it all up—everything except Demetrius—to be you.
If it weren’t for the fact that so many of our soldiers revolted and joined them, we could have met them out in front of the castle, man to man, and beaten them back to England.
If we were in front of our armies, about to fight, I would do this.
Weren’t we both born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, I’d hug you now and cry, and say “Welcome back, drowned Viola!” My father had a mole on his forehead.
Were you here when it started?
Did they make you the messenger?
If you got what you deserved, you would learn some respect.
If you were as young as I am, if you were in love with Juliet, if you had just married her an hour ago, if then you murdered Tybalt, if you were lovesick like me, and if you were banished, then you might talk about it.
Weren’t you banished on pain of death?
If you weren’t my brother, I’d leave this hand of mine on your neck until I’d pulled out your tongue for talking like this.
What “passion”?
Ouch, what a comeback!
What a stupid man he’s become!
What a shameless jerk you are to pretend you don’t know me!
You’re making a terrible racket out here!
What a fearful night this is!
What kind of loyalty is this?
What kind of life do you lead that your poor friends must beg for your company?
What a long night this is!
What kind of man are you?
What a storm!
What an annoying man, this guy is!
What an idiot this guy is!—You’re a rotten piece of work!—I beg your highness, beat him up and take his wine bottle from him.
What’s wrong with my niece?
What a strange sight—a man who has put on all his fancy clothes but forgotten his brain at home!
What a heavy sigh!
How strange that they all got so sleepy!
What an idiot I was to think this drunkard was a god and to worship such a stupid fool!
What a miserable and obstinate fellow this king of England is, to blunder with his fat-headed followers so far beyond his capacity.
Who’s this Adam you speak of?
Like an invitation.
Said what, sir?
What does he say?
Who are these men?
Who are the actors?
Please tell me.
What income, what profit does it bring in?
If we lose, what do you plan to do?
Who are you?
What’s your message?
What about you?
Who are you?
Who are you, moaning in the hut like that?
Who do you think you are, keeping me out of my own house?
Who are you, slave?
But who are you?
Who is so low that he wouldn’t?
What kind of beard should I wear for the part?
If you weren’t a man, then what kind of animal were you when you first told me you wanted to do this?
What wicked magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt this sacred burial rite?
Who is this bloody man?
What do you mean by “carriages”?
How can we avoid what the gods want to happen?
I know all of this.
What is there left to do?
What can you swear by now?
What other rites are you going to give her?
How are you, my love?—Demetrius and Egeus, come with us.
Hurry, hurry!
How does she claim to own you?
What color, madam?
So, what hour of comfort have I ever had in your company?
What have you done?
Who are all these people?
What’s her skin like?
What is this news about?
What victory does he bring home?
Be  Conrade!
What do you mean I faked you out?
What country is this, friends?
Where are you from?
Who’s ruining my rituals of true love?
And tell her, listen to me, on Wednesday—Wait—What day is today?
What kind of devil are you to torture me like this?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did your song mean, lady?
What role did you play?
What did you mean by giving me this handkerchief?
What didn’t you like?
But what am I afraid of?
What have you got on your head?
What are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king?
What’s the play called?
What are you doing here alone?
What do you want?
Why are you going crazy over these trashy clothes?
What do you mean, my lord?
What do you think you’re doing?
What do you mean by all this?
What are you talking about?
What do you think I’ve got on my head?
What do you think of marching to Philippi immediately?
Sir, what is your opinion of me?
What do you believe?
What does he say about Brutus?
What is the tyrant Macbeth doing?
What does that mean, sir?
You bastards!
Who am I then?
What are you talking about?
What are you thinking?
What’s your profession?
What do you say?
What did you say?
What are you thinking?
What are you doing, wearing your best clothes?
I hereby grant your request, and hope you have a good time.
What is she saying, my lord?
What do you get to drink, instead of sweet obedience, but poisonous flattery?
Who greets me so early in the morning?
What symptoms, my lord?
What else did you hear?
What else?
What endeavor, Popillius?
What is making our eyes and ears act so strangely?
Only you would look for a fight like that.
What features?
What is logical, then, my lord?
Who is this fool?
What evil things were done to us that we were driven here?
What friend?
What can you see out on the ocean?
What further pain must I endure in my old age?
What gentleman?
What good does heaven have in store that can do me any good now?
Don’t worry about the consequences.
What did he do that made him flee this land?
What did he do to you?
What handkerchief?
What’s that music?
What were you before this?
What have you found out?
What business is it of yours?—Father, be quiet.
What did he say?
The same liquor that quenched their thirst has fired me up.
What did I keep for myself?
What do you mean by that?
What have you two sisters done?
What crimes have you committed to be sent here to this prison?
The thane of Cawdor has lost what the noble Macbeth has won.
I’ve written to my sister telling her everything he’s said.
Heaven knows what he’s going to do with it.
What heir of the York family is there alive other than myself?
Well, hello there, Horatio!
Hey out there!
What horrible thing are you imagining?
What time is it?
Who I am and what I want are a secret.
I’ll do what I can, more than I’d do for myself.
I’d deny whatever evidence you had against me—even if it were in my own handwriting—and turn it all into evidence against you and your plans for treachery.
I don’t know what to think about this.
What if a fellow were bringing him a couple of hundred pounds to toss around?
What if I’d said I saw him do something to hurt you?
What if I went no further and chose this one?
And what will you do if it returns to you?
What if I had a rat in my house, and I felt like paying ten thousand ducats to have it exterminated?
What if this mixture doesn’t work at all?
What miracle will he work next?
What makes you say that?
What infinite peace do king’s give up that private men enjoy?
What time is it?
What could you possibly ask for?
What are you saying?
What are you doing?
What do you mean?
What do you want?
What is it, sir?
What did he tell you, Ophelia?
What is it?
What time is it?
Good night, ladies, good night, sweet ladies, good night, good night.
What is a traitor?
What’s wrong?
What’s going on between you two?
What is fated to happen must happen.
Who’s that at the gate, uncle?
Who is this fool who wants all the fuss of marriage?
Who wants to buy the flock and the pasture?
Who are you talking about, niece?
What does he look like, Biondello?
Who is her mother?
What does this say?
What’s his name?
What is his name?
Near  How large is his land army?
What else is love?
What’s she doing now?
What do you want to tell me?
What did you say?
What would you like to see?
What’s the news, my good friends?
What’s that?
What’s my name?
What did I do wrong?
What’s Pyramus?
I don’t mean that she wants me because  What’s she like?
Who’s that?
What’s that noise?
What kind of scheme do you have going together?
What is the matter here?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter with you?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter, husband?
What’s the matter, lady?
What’s the matter here, gentlemen?—Honest Iago, you look upset.
And what is the subject?
What’s going on here?
What’s the matter?
What is the matter?
What’s going on?
What was the philosopher Pythagoras’s belief about wild birds?
What’s the reason for this horrible shouting?
Who’s winning?
What time is it?
What is the name of the castle that stands over there?
What’s this song?
What is this spirit that looks like the son of a king and wears a crown on his young head?
What is this?
Who’s Thisbe?
What is your name, young man?
What is your name?
My name’s Macbeth.
What is your news?
Why are you adored?
What is your wish with regard to her?
What can I say to him, lady?
Who is that gentleman?
What are you fighting about?
What’s your name?
But I’m still fairly high-ranking.
What can I do for you, madam?
What can I do for you?
What news do you bring?
What do you want me to do with this?
You sent for me, sir?
Do you need something?
What do you want?
What is, my lord?
What is my nation?
My dear Caius, I’ll explain the task at hand to you as we walk toward the man we must do it to.
I can’t imagine what’s made him so unlike himself, other than his father’s death.
Why should I be afraid of your judgment when I haven’t done anything wrong?
What kind of god is ceremony, which suffers more than its worshippers do?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of woman is she?
Where’s the jury, the judge, the lawful proceedings, the verdict?
Is the Prince’s punishment any less awful than doomsday?
How will that kill this marriage?
What are the chances of his getting better, lords?
But what love could make my Lysander leave me?
Why are you so far from home?
What brings him here?
Why are you frowning like that?
There wasn’t any problem.
And aren’t you a Montague?
What do you mean, “in a strange way”?
Who’s that?
What man is that?
What man were you talking to at your window last night, between the hours of midnight and one?
What does a crocodile look like?
I mean, what sort of man is he?
Just a man, like any other.
He who chooses me will get what many men want.” What many men want—that “many” could mean that most people are fools and choose by whatever is flashy.
Well, then, what are you messing up?
Which plays, what music?
What’s your name?
She could even what?
What are you doing, Caesar?
What’s the matter with you, madam?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What do you mean by that?
What did you mean by not helping me?
What do you mean by that, Malvolio?
What is that bloody knife?
But what’s the joke?
What’s she trying to say?
Why are they shouting?
What do you mean, your highness?
My lord, what are you talking about?
The things men do daily, not knowing what they’re doing!
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
The things men are allowed to do!
What mercy can you show him, Antonio?
Is something about to happen that warrants working this night and day?
What could my sister’s letter to him say?
No, I had to do something.
What else could you possibly think of me?
What crimes happen so early in the morning that I have to wake up before the usual time?
What mistress do you have?
What money, sir?
What must be will be.
What name, madam?
Why do you need even one?
That’s like building a bridge wider than the river it crosses.
Why do you need twenty-five knights, or ten, or even five, when you’re staying in a house with a staff of double that at your service?
Why do you go around in circles when you could get to the point?
Then why did you have to stick it in your pocket in such a hurry?
How can you top that?
Why do you keep repeating that, woman?
What’s the news abroad?
What’s the news among the merchants?
Any news from Genoa?
What have you heard from her?
Is there more news?
What can I do for you, sir?
What’s going on, Borachio?
What happened, sir?
What news can you tell me in this fast-moving, unsteady state of ours?
What was it?
Anyway, what’s up?
What news?
What news do you bring?
What’s the news?
What news do you have?
What havoc have you wreaked in this part of the forest?
What’s all the noise in here?
God bless you.
What’s that noise?
What’s this noise?
What’s that noise?
What’s that sound?
What’s all that shouting about?
And whatever we do, we can lay all the blame on the drunken servants.
What’s happening now, Lucillius?
What about it?
What time tomorrow should I send a messenger to you?
But so what?
What about that?
So what?
Why, what have you done, sweet Beatrice?
What bond do we need other than that of discreet Romans who have said what they’re going to do and won’t back down?
What’s that paper you were reading?
What is this passion that ties up my tongue?
Which troupe is it?
What a poor instrument, that can do such a noble deed!
What prisoners of rank have been taken, uncle?
I don’t know what private grudges they had that made them do it.
What kind of crude jerk are you?
What did I promise, my dear?
What will be my evidence?
What garment would your Honor like to wear today?
What power can rein in promiscuous evil once it’s gotten rolling?
What performances have been prepared?
Which ring did you give away, my lord?
What did he say when he regained consciousness?
What did he say?
What did my man say?
What did Northumberland say about Richmond?
What satisfaction could you possibly have tonight?
What do the priests say?
What do you want to say, sir?
What about Falconbridge, that young English baron?
What do you say to a calf’s foot?
What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard?
What do you think, Bottom?
What do you have to say for yourself, Hermia?
What did you say, uncle?
What did you say to me?
What do you say?
Lose nothing?
What do you say, my fair  I do not know dat.
What do you have to say, noble friend?
What do you say?
What is it, Biondello?
What’s that?
What does he say about our marriage?
What does Lord Stanley say?
What is it, my lord?
What does she want?
What does Romeo say?
What did that gentile fool say to you, hmmm?
What does the golden box say?
What does the silver one say?
What does the lead box say?
What do you say, your Highness, about my just request?
What do you have to say to me?
What do you have to say to me now?
What do you have to say, my dear Nurse?
What are you saying?
I had no idea she was cheating on me.
What are you thinking about so seriously?
What work can you do?
Well, then, what should we do for fun instead?
Why should we do this?
What should I call you when you’re a man?
What shall I do for you?
What shall I do?
What do you have to tell me?
What can I say?
What should I swear by?
Why not?
What are we going to do, Enobarbus?
What do you think will be the result of this storm?
What could you possibly ask of me that I wouldn’t give you, as long as it didn’t damage my honor and self-respect?
What can you do but be happy?
Who are you talking about?
What should I pay you?
What should I do that I’m not doing?
And then what would I do with him?
What should I do?
What can I tell you?
What could I say, my dear?
What should I say?
Why should I stay— In this vile world?
What’s the obvious conclusion from that?
What’s the problem, that they cry out so loud?
Why should people like me be crawling around between earth and heaven?
What do you think that means?
What should we do with all these rhyming fools that follow us from post to post?
What does this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What things, my lord?
What foolish thief brags about his crimes?
What soldiers, fool?
What soldiers, milk-face?
Which speech, my lord?
How tall is she?
What support did I have other than Edward?
What support did we have besides our father?
How much does he owe the Jew?
Why are you talking about robbery?
Really, my lord, why are you so excessively sad?
And then?
What then?
What are these things we’re looking at, my lord Antonio?
What do you think of his neighbor, the Scottish lord?
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
What do you think of this plan?
What do you think about it?
What about Stanley?
What do you think, will my friends prove loyal?
What do you think?
What do you think of his belief?
Whatever you see first when you wake up, think of it as your true love.
What you wanted is yours.
When I tried desperately to question them further, they vanished into thin air.
Why do you care that he loves Hermia?
Why does it matter that I’m not as lucky or lovable as you are and that the love I feel is unrequited?
So what if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink make a man do?
Is there any news about my husband?
What’s the message from the English king?
Whatever pertains to myself I will deal with last.
What trade, boy?
What traitor hears me and doesn’t say amen?
What Tranio did, he did at my command.
What’s the treasure, uncle?
What foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his chariot wheels?
What’s that trumpet for?
What’s that trumpet?
Which two crowns would those be?
What strange reason could she have for coming here?
Who among us stabbed him for any cause but justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains did this to you?
What are these warlike noises?
Why did Cassius conspire against Caesar?
Who were you chasing with your sword?
Was he sad or happy?
What was it that you told me today—that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick?
What kept you from telling him this?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise for?
What are you accused of?
What was your dream?
What worries have kept you awake tonight?
What we do we have been commanded to do.
What did he say the symptoms were?
What should I say to her?
What were those things?
What would the King of Naples do if he heard you say that?
What evil and deceitful mirror made me think I could rival Hermia’s starry eyes?
What can possibly fix this situation?
Whatever else happens tonight, I hope the king escapes safely!
What do you think I should do?
What will this do?
And what are you going to do with it?
What do you think you’re doing?
What are you going to do?
And what would you give me for the handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What are you going to do for her?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to tell her, Nurse?
It’s someone with a torch!
On what grounds?
What woman’s servant?
What’s the name of this forest behind us?
What kind of work is this, Charmian?
What can I give you that you want, my lord, except the one thing you can’t have?
What can I do for my lord?
How can I help you, sir?
What does my powerful master wish for?
What is it?
What would you like?
What would you say to me now if I really were your precious little Rosalind?
What do you want with her, sir?
What do you want from me, my good man?
What do you want to do, Desdemona?
What do you want?
What are you doing, old man?
What do you want from me?
What are you going to do now?
What do you want from me?
But if you had to say something nice about me, what would you say?
What do you want, fellow?
What do you want?
No, it heals gradually.
How old is she?
I’ve done everything you accuse me of—and more, much more.
I’ll think over what you’ve said, I’ll listen patiently to whatever else you have to say, and I’ll find a good time for us to discuss further such weighty matters.
What you just said may perhaps be true.
You know what you know.
I’ll wait for you in your cave, where you can tell me what you need from me.
I’m beginning to understand what you want me to do.
What, are we having a feast?
What, I’m a prisoner?
What, all my children and their mother dead in one fell swoop?
What, everybody falls asleep so fast?
You’re defending an impostor?
Yes, my lord.
And do you mean what you’re saying, Gratiano?
Tell me, are you and Ensign Pistol friends again yet?
Did the brothers-in-law leave?
What, there’s going to be a masquerade?
What, you mean kid actors?
What, did you cheat on us before we deserved it?
Do you have your answer yet?
What, are you busy?
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Are you insane, talking like this?
Are you crazy?
What, are you crazy?
What, are you crazy?
What, are you afraid?
Are you ashamed of me?
Ah, you’re here?—Come on, gentlemen, let’s go!
What?
What, are you hurt?
Are you dreaming or awake?
He pretended that everything was fine until the moment they were exchanging vows, and then—with public accusation, blatant slander, pure hatred—Oh God, if only I were a man!
What, even you, Brutus?
Hunting what, Curio?
What, are you dead, my dove?
Did you say Caesar fainted?
Did he marry me just to starve me?
Didn’t they ever whisper?
Hang out?” Who do you think we are, musicians in a band?
What, you ignore my kind advice and try to please the devil I’m warning you about?
What?
What would I do besides good?
What—is he scared of a gun that only fired a blank?
What, from myself?
What do you think, girl!
Are you headed to the Tower?
Hey, Grumio!
Have his daughters made him crazy like this?—Couldn’t you have kept something for yourself?
So, tell us, did you see that thing again tonight?
Have you had lunch yet?
What, have you forgotten me?
Are you crazy?
Have you written that letter to my sister yet?
Hey, Brabantio!
Help!
Hey!
What?
What, like stuff from a house?
What’s that?
Then there’s still a chance.
Who, me, my lord?
What, out in a storm in the middle of the night?
What, in my presence?
What, in our own house?
What, here in the middle of the street?
Is Antonio here?
You’re sick, yet you sneak out of your warm bed and let the humid and disease-infested air make you sicker?
Is he angry?
Is he dead?
What, is he dead?
Is the visor of my helmet working better now?
What, is the man insane?
I mean, is the jay more precious than the lark because his feather is more beautiful?
How dare    What, is the man crazy?
Is there such a place?
Is this true?
How  What, are you jealous, Oberon?—Fairies, let’s get out of here.
You’ve kept away from me for a week?
Come on!
Lucius!
What are you talking about, man?
Keep up your courage, man!
There are lots of ways to get on the general’s good side again.
What news, man?
What are you reading, teacher?
What would you like me to do at Salisbury?
Hey, mistress!
Why should I now have to make do with only twenty-five?
What, I have to hold a candle up so people can see what I’m doing?
What, we’re going to die?
Look, it’s my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my good lord?
What, my dear lord?
Can’t what, my lord?
What, my lord?
My honorable, reverend master?
With no more ceremony than that?
What, that’s all?
What, you’re not a whore?
What, you don’t say a word?
What, not a word?
Not even one success?
What, not even to pray?
Hey, Nurse!
What is it, Octavia?
What, am I being denied death, as well?
Pindarus!
Get up, man!
What, does your wife say you can come home?
Am I to be dictated to, like a child?
Will you be here when I return?
You mean I should groan and tell you?
What, should I stab him while he sleeps?
Should we now dirty our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the mighty offices that we hold for whatever money we can get our hands on?
What will we say is our excuse for being here?
Well, should we head to the Tower?
What, are you moaning on about your toothache?
You’re not asleep yet, sir?
That’s it?
Why are you still crying?
What, the necklace?
What, do you think we’re Turks or savages, instead of Christians?
You mean an officer?
What, are you sleepy?
What, you?
What, just because they kissed in private?
What, faithful to being mean and nasty?
Carved it up and down like an apple tart?
What, was I married to her in a dream?
Indeed, we have many good days to look forward to!
Even  What, were you all snarling before I arrived, ready to catch each other by the throat like dogs, but now that I’m here, you turn your hatred toward me?
Cheer up!
What?
Will my daughter be a good musician, do you think?
What, isn’t my mother coming?
What, you want them to weep our horses' blood?
jailer, i’m your prisoner.
You mean you don’t even want to hear my side?
Listen, will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at the inn?
What, are you going to mock me to my face when I told you not to?
Would you like to hear some music, my sweet love?
Are you trying to wash him out of his grave with tears?
What, you’re leaving it with Lysander?
You’re leaving with my tongue in your tail?
With my eye sockets?
Are you going to start eating worms and flies?
What, does the news only get worse?—Please, Bassanio, I’m half of you, so let me bear half the burden this letter brings you.
What, are you trying to make me crazy?
What, would you let a snake bite you twice?
What, would you have me beg for my food?
What, you look amused.
What, you mean my face looks like a crab-apple?
What do you say?
What?
That whore?
Tell me what a drunk is like, fool.
Then what’s Antony?
What’s done is done.
What else can I say?
Who’s the one who’s going out the door right now?
Who’s the spokesman for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
You’ll be afraid to hear it.
Who wishes that?
Who was that?
Who’s that?
What’s her name?
What’s this?
Why, what did he do?
What did he do to you?
Who’s she?
What’s that good for?
What’s the difference?
And that would be—?
What’s that, my lord?
What fate is that?
What?
What’s the boy Malcolm?
What disease is he talking about?
What’s going on here?
What in the world made you risk your reputation like this and become a street brawler?
What’s the matter with you now?
What’s the matter, dear?
What’s the matter, lieutenant?
What do you think he wants?
What’s the matter?
What’s this all about?
What’s going on?
What’s new with you?
What’s the news?
What’s the trouble?
What’s the bet?
What’s this part for?
What does that have to do with my Lysander?
What’s this?
What do you call this?
What’s your name?
What’s wrong with you?
What do you wish?
What are you going to do?
Anyway, what should we do?
What’s there to say?
What does your grace want?
What do you want?
What can I do for your highness?
What’s your name, friend?
What’s your name?
What would you like, sir?
How can I help you?
What would you like me to do?
What do you want?
Whatever you are, thanks for your advice.
Whatever happens to me, this is a soldier’s kiss.
When his god falls asleep, the monster will snatch his wine bottle.
Lord, Lord, when she was a little baby—Oh, there is one nobleman in the city, a guy named Paris, who would be happy to claim her as his own.
And when a wise man gives you better advice than I just did, give me my advice back again.
When the vision passes, you’ll see that you’re just looking at a stool.
I’ll tell you more later about when and where we met, how we fell in love, and how we exchanged promises, but now I’m begging you: please, agree to marry us today.
When are you getting married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets in the sky.
When you weren’t at home, the Senate sent out three different search parties to find you.
It’s obvious:  Here comes Biondello.
When Caesar was alive, even he wouldn’t dare anger me like this.
When Caesar says “do this,” it is done.
How did you get this letter?
When will there be another like him?
Until now, no one could say that only one man mattered in all of vast Rome.
When devils are about to commit their biggest sins they put on their most heavenly faces, just like I’m doing now.
When has anyone ever put you down like that.
When did she send you?
Have you ever slept before while such a terrible deed was done?
When only one or two men have all the good manners, and even they are dirty, things are bad.
When did I ever do you any harm?
When he regained consciousness again, he said that if he’d done or said anything wrong, he wanted them to know that it was all because of his sickness.
At his best he’s a little less than a man, and at his worst he’s little more than an animal.
When he leaves, it’s very important that I talk to you.
When he comes back from hunting, I’m not going to speak to him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When devoutly religious men are praying, it’s hard to draw them out of it, because they get lost in the wonder of their contemplation.
When we’re by ourselves you can call me “Tranio.” Everywhere else, address me as your master Lucentio.
When I’ve revealed my true identity, you’ll be glad you took the time to help me out.
They were nearly killing each other, as you saw when you pulled them apart.
When I reach the place he’s calling from, he disappears.
When asked the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall if I could take pity on the king and shelter him from the storm, they took my house away from me and ordered me never to talk about him, lobby for him, or support him in any way.
When I freed you from slavery, didn’t you swear to do this when I asked you?
Whenever I mention him, praise him more than any man deserves.
When I’ve plucked this rose, I can’t make it grow again; it will have no choice but to wither and die.
When I meet this gentleman, I’ll tell him what you’ve said.
When I like the way you look, for God forbid your face be as ugly as your mask!
When I was putting on the Ceres show, I thought of reminding you about Caliban, but I was afraid of upsetting you.
When I said that, I was angry too.
Whatever I think, I have to say.
But my dear, when I said I was worth nothing, I was actually bragging—I should’ve said that I was worse than nothing.
When I was still living with him I heard him swear to Tubal and Cush, his countrymen, that he’d rather have Antonio’s flesh than twenty times the sum Antonio owed.
I mean when I wore it at your daughter’s wedding.
At that exact moment, Titania woke up and immediately fell in love with him, an ass.
When should the royal day be?
When you find out who started this disagreement, turn your anger upon them.
Only if the hearer is a fool or a coward.
Call me when it’s lit.
I’ll tear it up when it’s paid.
When it’s paid, bring your friend back.
When Jacob took care of his uncle Laban’s sheep—Jacob was the heir to his grandfather Abraham’s birthright, because his mother cleverly arranged for her husband Isaac to make Jacob his heir— What’s your point?
The last time I was in Exeter, the mayor kindly showed me the castle there and called it “ My lord!
I swear on my life I won’t tell your secret.
Well, when Nature makes a person beautiful, can’t Fortune make her fall into a fire, thereby making her ugly after all?
Even if you’re not a traitor, you’re going to look like one if you run away.
As soon as you kill Prospero.
When Roscius was an actor in ancient Rome — The actors have arrived, my lord.
When was the last time you saw my father?
So when should he come?
When will we get to the top of that cliff?
When should the three of us meet again?
When did I say all that?
When the poor cried, Caesar cried too.
When he loses that, he’ll be drinking salt water, since I’ll never tell him where the freshwater springs are.
When the barrel’s empty, we’ll drink water.
When your mind is at peace, your body is sensitive to the elements.
While the moon was shining we didn’t even notice the candle.
At other times, I know what’s what.
When all these extraordinary things happen at once, we shouldn’t say, “These happenings can be explained rationally.
Only when they’re dead can I start to count my gains.
When they’re endangered, I save them.
When they choose, they only know how to lose.
When they see the face of Caesar, they will vanish.
The men there won’t give a penny to a lame beggar, but they’ll pay ten cents to look at a freak show exhibit.
Come, come, let’s remember why we’re here.
That’s really the best way to win the Moor back again.
When this wood burns, it’ll weep for making you tired.
When you ask for my blessing, I’ll get down on my knees and ask you to forgive me.
And even though you were brought up as a gentleman, you patiently tolerated more hardships than savages could withstand.
Young man, when you wake up, if she’s nearby, beg her to cure your lovesickness.
When the time comes, tell the herald to blow the trumpet and I’ll return.
When courage consumes reason, it destroys its only weapon.
When was the last time you saw her sleepwalking?
When we’re born, we cry because we’ve arrived on the stage of life, like all the other fools.
Once I’ve put my rackets to these balls, I’ll play a set in France, God willing, that will knock his father’s crown right out of the court.
When we see that our betters have the same problems we do, we can almost forget our own misery.
When we meet on Judgment Day, that look of yours will send me from heaven to hell, where devils will grab me.
When was there ever an age, since the beginning of time, that didn’t feature more than one famous man?
When did you become so fond of singing, boy?
Why are you treating my sister like this?
When will he be here?
When you are gentle, you shall have one, too, and not till then.
When you have said your lines, go hide in that bush.—Everyone else, go there too when you’re not onstage.
When you have to steal your own wives some day, I’ll wait for you just as long.
When you begged to stay, that was the time for words.
When you see leeks in the future, I hope you keep mocking them.
When was there ever before so great a loss on one side and so little on the other, in the ordinary and equal clash of battle?
When?
Where are you from?
Where do you come from, sir?
Where do you come from?
Where is that knocking coming from?
Where am I?
Where’s America and the West Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the evil men who started this fight?
Where are my good fellows?
Where are they?
Your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where are you, Death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, Demetrius, you arrogant bastard?
Stop arguing and listen to my plans.
Where are these murderers?
Where are those bastards?
Your brothers?
Where are your tenants and your followers?
What was I saying?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where did she die?
Where do I live?
Where do you live?
Where are you hiding?
Where do you live, pretty young man?
Where’s Cesario going?
Why do you look like a frightened goose?
Where did he get wine?
Where have you been, my bravery?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have you been, boy?
Where have you been hiding?
Where did you hear this?
Wherever he goes, he inspires compassion and people turn against us.
In my travels, great scholars have come up to me, meaning to greet me with well-rehearsed welcoming speeches, and I have seen them tremble and turn pale, and pause inappropriately in the middle of their sentences, and botch their well-rehearsed tones of voice because they’re so nervous, and then break off abruptly at the end, without actually welcoming me.
Holy Father Lawrence instructed me to fall on my knees and beg your forgiveness.
Where’s Antony?
Where is Duncan’s body?
Where are the noble Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
But where is he?
Where’s Antony now?
Where do you think he is now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is this man?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where’s Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy, the herald?
Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where’s lady Portia?
Where is Gloucester?
Where is my lord, the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my husband?
But where is my love?
Where is my lovely bride?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our entertainment director?
Where is she now?—What, will my hands never be clean?—No more of that, my lord, no more of that.
Where is she?
Where is that damned wretch, Tranio, who defied me in such a disgraceful manner?
Where’s that snake?
Where’s this so-called king?
Where’s the evidence against me?
Where is that messenger?
Where is the fool I sent on ahead?
Where’s the gold I gave you?
Can any horse retrace his footsteps with the same energy he had when he walked them the first time?
Where is the king?
Where’s the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of our English dead?
Where is that moron of a cook?
Where are the thousand
Where is the villain, Edmund?
Where is that poor rash man?
What do I see here?
And I was right, because where’s your husband now?
Where’s your lute?
Where are your leather apron and your ruler?
Where’s your sparkle now?
Where’s your master, Dromio?
Where is your army, then, to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where’s your servant
Where are your sister and Hortensio’s wife?
Whatever seems best to you.
Where did you learn that song, Fool?
Where did we leave off?
Where is he now?
Where’s the passage of holy scripture that you’re basing your sermon on?
Where does he sleep?
Where should we stable our horses?
Where is he staying?
Where are you running so fast?
So, where should we eat?
Where should we go?
Where will we meet in the morning?
Where could I have lost that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where would Othello go?—Oh, look at you!
Where else would she be?
Where else should his eyes be, if not in his head?
In the place where souls recline on beds of flowers we’ll walk hand in hand and amaze the other ghosts with our spirited demeanor.
How the hell does he know our language?
Where the devil can Romeo be?
Where should we meet?
When they feared death, they escaped with their lives; and now where they imagine they’re safe, they perish.
I’ve noticed that they always like to settle and mate where the air is the nicest.
When a woman is virtuous, talents like these just make her better.
Where was she born?
Wherever we go, men will smile at us while hiding daggers.
The wind blew down through the chimneys where we were sleeping.
Where will the old duke live?
Where are you taking me?
I’ll be able to see better from that pine tree over there.
Where, sir?
Where is his body, Messala?
Where, where?
Where?
Where’s Antonio, then?
Where’s Antony?
Where’s Dolabella?
Where’s Monsieur Cobweb?
Where’s Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where’s my cousin Toby?
Where’s my fool?
Where’s my fool?—Go call my fool and have him come here.
Where’s my son Edmund?
Where’s Peaseblossom?
Where’s Potpan?
Where’s Publius?
Where’s Romeo?
What proof is there?
Where’s Seleucus?
Where’s that dog?
Where’s the cook?
Where’s the king?
Where’s the Master?
Where’s the Queen?
Where’s your conscience now?
Coward!
Where’s your father?
He was very upset that Fortinbras had taken advantage of his being old and sick to deceive him, and he ordered Fortinbras’s arrest.
What’s the problem?
Why do you hide these things?
Who are you?
Why didn’t they just kill us that night?
What did you do that for?
Why are you here?
Why do you keep these talents behind a curtain?
What are you doing with a sword?
Why are you doing this?
Why would you celebrate it?
Why have you collapsed?
Why does he talk like that to a girl he can’t stand?
Why are you acting so angry?
Why do you look like that?
Why have you come here in such a mob?
Why Dover?
Why Dover?
What was that cry for?
Why, then, should I cry?
Why are you crying?
Whoa, man, you dare to support someone who’s been proclaimed a traitor?
Why, sweetheart?
Why not!
A reason?
Why?
What’s that noise?
What has Caesar done to deserve your love?
which any peace-lover can do.
where we quietly buried you, has opened up its heavy marble jaws to spit you out again.
Where did he go?
Besides, how have I offended you, my friends?
But in return, please, do one thing for me: leave me alone for a little while.
Fortinbras swore never to threaten Denmark again.
I don’t know whether he fought on Norway’s side, or if he secretly aided the rebels, or if he fought with both of our enemies.
I won’t bet on whether or not any of this is real.
Which ones are the malefactors?
Don’t let us talk you into anything, but consider carefully the value of our offers.
Dreams are a sign of ambition, since ambition is nothing more than the shadow of a dream.
However, this is an extreme situation, and it’s more important to control it than to worry about how you’ll look.
Which he’ll shove down our throats the way pigeons feed their young.
Which is either a fool or a nothing.
In his greatest need, even they will desert him.
Which one of you killed the deer?
Tell me one.
Which one is Sebastian?
And who is that?
Which is the lady I’m supposed to marry?
Which one of them did it?
Which one of them should I pick?
Which one is it?
Which of these bad things happened to him?
Which of you does not tremble when you see me?
Which of you two ate lunch with me today?
If either of you were a prince’s son, and you were imprisoned as I am now, and two murderers like yourselves came to you—wouldn’t you beg for your life?
She will purchase that peace with an everlasting war.
Which he quickly allowed, given that you’re an obstacle to his lust.
Daughters who can make you obey them.
Where are you coming from?
The man who killed Mercutio, which way did he go?
I have to admit that when I saw his suicide during rehearsal, I had tears in my eyes—but they were tears of laughter.
If I don’t do all this, never trust me again.
While he was still in Rome, he deployed his forces in so many different disguises that all our spies were fooled.
About as long as it would take someone to count slowly to a hundred.
While the armed hand fights in foreign lands, the wise head defends itself at home.
Until then, God be with you!
While we’re talking here, a royal battle could be won and lost.
As we were trading blows, more and more people showed up to join the fight, until the Prince came and broke everyone up.
I’m going now.
While we were here guarding you as you slept, we heard a loud roar that sounded like bulls, or lions.
While he was alive, I lived only to serve him and oppose his enemies.
While you were dazed by grief—which isn’t appropriate for a man like you—Cassio showed up here.
Whip him, fellows, until he screws up his face like a baby and cries aloud for mercy!
Whip him!
They ought to be whipped for being so stupid.
Whip me, you devils, so I don’t have to look at this heavenly sight!
Whisper to her that Ursula and I are walking in the orchard and that we’re talking all about her.
Lily-livered coward, what’s he doing there?
Where am I going?
Where did they disappear to?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you all off to?
Where are you going?
Indeed, before you arrived here, old Siward, with ten thousand soldiers already prepared for battle, was making his way here.
Where’s he going?
Where should I go?
Where are they supposed to come?
Where are you going?
Where do you want me to go to respond to these charges?
Go where, my lord?—Cesario, my husband, stay here.
Where?
The person who suffers alone suffers the most.
Who am I, sir?
Who does time amble for?
Who are the new commissioners?
Who said that?
Who are you?
Then who took my letter to Romeo?
Who asked you to call her?
Who delivered it?
Who brought it out here?
Anyone who builds his hopes on air lives like a drunken sailor hanging on a mast, ready with every dizzy nod of his head to tumble to the bottom of the sea.
Who’s that calling so loud?
Who’s calling?
Who’s calling me?
Who’s shouting?
Who can prosecute me for it?
Is it possible to be wise, bewildered, calm, furious, loyal, and neutral all at once?
Who can stain that name with a just accusation?
Who can say I mean just her when all her neighbors are exactly like her?
who can control his fate?
Who can command the forest and make the trees pull their roots out of the earth?
And who can help thinking how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
He who chooses me must give and risk all he has.” Must give everything—for what?
He who chooses me must give and risk all he has.” You’d have to be more attractive for me to give or risk anything for you.
He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.” As much as he deserves—wait a minute there, Morocco, and consider your own value with a level head.
He who chooses me will get what he deserves.” That’s nicely put—because who’s going to cheat luck and get more than he deserves?
He who chooses me will get what he deserves.” I’ll assume I deserve the very best.—Give me a key for this one.
The one who chooses me will get what he deserves”!
Who’s coming here?
Who’s that coming?
Who is this?
Who’s that?
Who’s coming?
Who are you, coming so fast in this quiet night?
Who’s coming with her?
Who comes with him?
Who could be out of things to say if he were with the girl he loves?
Who could have restrained himself, who loved Duncan and had the courage to act on it?
Who’s dead?
Who put out the light?
Who tricked you?
Who treated you badly?
Who does he accuse?
A man who achieves more in war than his captain does becomes his captain’s rival.
Call me the worst liar?
Who does it gallop for?
Who else should it be?
Who ever saw the heavens threaten like this?
Who are these people?
Who’s the ruler here?
Who did this, Sir Andrew?
Whom did he leave in charge here?
Who did this to him?
Who measured the ground?
Who’s taken over the watch for you?
Who sent you this time?
Who heard me do that?
Who’s blocking the way?
Who’s that calling?
Who can explain this to me?
Who’s shouting?
What’s keeping you?
Who do you mean?
Who is leading his men?
Who here is so low that he wants to be a slave?
Who here is so barbarous that he doesn’t want to be a Roman?
Who here is so vile that he doesn’t love his country?
Who in the crowd is calling me?
Who can tell me who I am?
Which of you has been complaining to the king that I don’t like them?
Who is it?
Who’s closest to him?
Who’s next?
Why, who’s so stupid that he can’t see through this fraud?
Who calls so coldly?
Who’s been with her?
Why are you knocking so hard?
Who says he is?
Does anyone know if Donalbain is with his brother?
Who doesn’t know he’s dead?
Who doesn’t know that the good duke is dead?
Yeah, so?
Everyone knows where a wasp wears its stinger.
Who knows what the Lord Protector thinks?
Who’s sleeping in the second chamber?
Who takes care of them?
Who’s this?
Who should hang them?
Who should now pay the price for Mercutio’s life?
Who’s talking to him now?
Who offered him the crown?
Who gets up from a meal with the same appetite he had when he sat down?
Has anyone seen Cesario?
Who sent you here?
Whom do you serve under?
Who’s going to keep me from them?
Who should begin?
Who are the people who want to speak with me?
Who does it stand still for?
If you steal my money, you’re just stealing trash.
Who put my servant in the stocks?
Who pleaded with me to pardon
Who talks of my nation?
Who’s in there?
Who can blame him for acting crazy, when inside he condemns himself for everything he’s done?
Who was it that came here?
Who was it?
Who was with them last?
Who will advance with me?
Then why be jealous of a person like that?
Who would choose to grunt and sweat through an exhausting life, unless they were afraid of something dreadful after death, the undiscovered country from which no visitor returns, which we wonder about without getting any answers from and which makes us stick to the evils we know rather than rush off to seek the ones we don’t?
Doesn’t everyone want a wife like that?
Who do you want to work for?
Who has wronged him?
I’d say I was “out of my element,” but that phrase is overused, so I’ll say I’m “out of my air.”
Who, him?
Who, Hero?
Who, me?
Who, me?
The Roman people are fed up with his arrogance already.
Who, Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
You don’t know?
Who?
Whoever is born on a day I forget to send a message to Antony will die a beggar.
Who deserted this morning?
Who’s this?
Who’s his lieutenant, do you know?
Who’s sounding that alarm?
Who’s that?
Who’s there, aside from this foul weather?
Who’s there, in the other devil’s name?
Who’s there?
Who are you?
Who’s there!
Who’s in there?
And you yourself will determine the sentence as you see fit, and impose the death penalty if you choose to, even if the criminal were my own son.
Tell us, old Egeon: are you the man who once had a wife named Emilia, who gave birth to two fair sons?
Whom should I knock?
Whom you swore you would protect and defend.
Whichever hand literally stabbed their tender hearts, you’re the one who gave the order.
Whose house?
Who’s shouting “murder”?
Whose tongue?
Why only a few courtiers, my lord of Buckingham?
Why are you acting so brazen toward my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, unfit for toil and trouble in the world, if not so that our soft qualities and our hearts should agree with our external parts?
Why are your swords out?
Why have you gotten so rude?
Why are you silent?
Why are you so strong and good?
Why are you enraged?
The only reason you left India was to come here and see that butch Amazon Hippolyta.
Let’s go.
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling me “love”?
Why did I come here if not for that?
Why didn’t the jerk come back to me when I called him?
Why do you come here?
Why did he do that?
Why did you carry these daggers out of the room?
So why did you laugh when I said that men don’t interest me?
Why did you cry out in your sleep?
Why did you do that?
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why are they running away?
Why are we talking about him like this?
Why are you defying me in this urgent matter?
Why are you giving me his title?
Why bother with them?
Why are you making these faces?
Why did you send so many?
Why are you whispering?
Why are you yelling at me so angrily?
Why are you talking like this?
Who are you talking to?
What are you waiting for, lords of France?
Why does the world report that Kate is lame?
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling him a jerk?
Why are you whipping that whore?
Why are you leading these men through the streets?
Why don’t you go off to church dancing one way, and come home dancing another way?
Why do you spit at me?
Why are you waiting?
Why are you talking to me like this?
Why do you look so upset?
So why aren’t our eyelids heavy?
Why is the Jew waiting?
Why did you once seem lovely to me?
Why are the branches still living when the root is gone?
Why didn’t I just adopt a beggar’s child left at my doorstep, whose shame and dishonor I could have denied, not being its true father?
Why did I ever have one?
Why has your queen, Juno, called me here to this grassy spot?
Why did you leave the dining room?
Then why did you travel so quietly?
Are you sad about that?
I don’t know why I should be afraid, since I haven’t done anything wrong.
Why did you leave your wife and child vulnerable—the most precious things in your life, those strong bonds of love?
Why is my lord enraged against his love?
Why has all this been put on the table?
Why are we talking about this?
Why is Time so cheap about giving out hair?
Why are you so pale?
Why “let it strike”?
And why are you so pale?
Why are you looking at me so strangely?
Why do you look so depressed today, your Grace?
Isn’t it possible to imagine that the noble ashes of Alexander the Great could end up plugging a hole in a barrel?
Why couldn’t you be attended by my servants, or by Regan’s?
Why, no, boy.
No, no more than is reasonable.
Yes, why not, my lord?
Why are you curious, Iago?
Why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order I gave you?
Why do you complain about your birth, the heavens, and the earth?
Romeo, are you crazy?
Why are you looking for me?
But give words a chance.
Why should he call her a whore?
Why should he have followed you?
Why won’t he?
Why stay when love tells you to go?
Why shouldn’t I?
Why shouldn’t I be there in person?
Why would she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be proclaimed more than yours?
Why would anyone flatter a poor person?
Why should men be more free than women?
Why would Titania want to argue with her Oberon?
Why should you fall into so deep a moan?
Why do you think I’m making fun of you when I tell you I love you?
Why is that cauldron sinking?
Why are you hiding that letter?
I am a man again.
Why “puppet”?—Oh, I see where this is going.
Why are you making them work so hard?
It’ll go away.
Why the hell did you come in between us?
Do you know why the King of France suddenly went back home?
Why, a bad action is just a wrong in this world, but when you’ve won the whole world, it’s a wrong in your own world, so you can make it right then.
In that case, I think Cassio’s an honest man.
In that case it’s good to be a post.
So then why should I offer this womanish defense that I’m innocent?
And can a person ever have too much of a good thing?—Come on, sister, you can be the priest and marry us.—Give me your hand, Orlando.—What do you say, sister?
Well then, God forgive me!
Well then, he’s God’s soldier now!
Then everything must really be finished.
Well, then he must be alive.
Well, lead on.
So go ahead and have your terrifying fun.
Well then, Margaret, Ursula, and my cousin have been very much deceived, for they swore you did.
You’re bothering me.
Well then, the beef without the mustard.
Well, then, I hope he chokes on it!
How about the mustard without the beef.
Well, that’s what you get to do.
Well, then, here it is: you must prepare yourself for his knife.
So I guess it’s you, you silver treasure house.
Well, then, we’re awake.
Well then, you must be in love.
That must be because you’re so ambitious.
Then your other senses must be getting worse because of the trauma of blindness.
Well then, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
Loss upon loss!
Why do you want to do that, my lord?
Why are you locking her away because of this fiend from hell, Signor Baptista?
Why aren’t the leaves withering now that the sap is all dried up?
Why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke’s favorite champion?
Well, when I cut the egg in half and eat the whites, the yolk will be in two parts like two golden crowns.
Why,
Well,        Aren’t I right, Jephthah, old man?
It’s like a cockleshell or a walnut shell, a joke, a prank, a doll’s cap.
Well, I think it’s good to be serious and keep quiet.
That’s impossible.
Well, you know, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.” Anyway, I was part of the trick, sir.
Well, the difference of a horse!
Our men have all broken ranks.
Well, all of these should be in the lantern, because they’re all in the moon.
I don’t think so!
Antony.
Say anything.
Are you insane, old man?
Like a mouse caught in my own trap, Osric.
Just as I told you, he usually sleeps in the afternoon.
She can stay at her father’s house.
Yes, yes.
A crazy bastard.
I think Belman is just as good, my lord.
Hey, bride!
But a lot of men have more hair than intelligence.
You seem all right now.
I mean knock his brains out, so he can’t take Othello’s place.
What, don’t courtiers' hands sweat?
Isn’t every living thing condemning her?
Why, Dromio?
Tomorrow, and then every day after that.
Farewell, King.
Goodbye, then.
Well, good-bye, Portia.
Why, Fool?
The same thing.
For the same thing.
Why, friends, you don’t even know what you’re doing yet.
You won’t see anything like that, sweetheart.
Well, get out of here then!
Give it to my wife, and get your money.
Gloucester, Gloucester, I want to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Go to bed, and sleep.
Well, there you go.
Well, eventually God will send him some more hair, if he thanks Him.
Why, good sir?
They drink Danes under the table, and it takes them no effort at all to out-drink Germans.
Yes, exactly.
Why, he has an income of three thousand ducats a year.
Why, he’s the Prince’s fool, and a very dull fool at that.
Why, he won’t wake up till Judgment Day.
Why, the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty years of worrying about death.
They saw him just now as mad and deranged as the stormy sea, singing loudly, wearing a crown of nettles, thorns, hemlock, and all the other weeds that grow in our cornfields.—Send out a hundred soldiers to find him.
No, he’s a devil—a devil, I tell you!
Why, too much freedom leads to woe.
These two Antipholuses, who look so alike—and these two Dromios, who seem to have the same face—and her story of being shipwrecked—why, these two are the parents of these children and have been reunited by accident.
And here he comes, puffing himself up like a turkey.
Why, here is the order to prove it.
There’s no crab-apple here, so don’t look sour.
Why, his cuckold’s horns, of course—the kind you men are always blaming on your wives.
Hey, what’s this, Adam?
How are you, Charmian?
Why are you so sad?
What’s wrong, cousin?
Now, daughter Katherine?
What’s going on, Dromio?
What’s wrong, Hecate?
What’s going on, Juliet?
Why, dear me, Kate!
Well, what’s going on, mister?
How are you doing, Stephano?
Why do you sound so odd?
Why, how could she have been murdered?
Well, I’m glad about this.
Well, I’m sorry for you, gentle Silvius.
But you won’t take his flesh if he can’t pay.
Oh, I can buy twenty husbands at any market.
But I haven’t eaten anything yet.
And is “pig” not the same as “great,” may I ask?
And why’s that?
I didn’t say anything.
Your hand is  Well, I hope so.
Alright, then I’ll see you at Philippi.
Well, it seems to me that she is too short to be praised highly, too dark to be praised fairly, and too small to be praised greatly.
Well, if you were never at court, you were never exposed to good manners; if you never witnessed good manners, your manners must be wicked; wickedness is a sin, and committing sins leads to damnation.
The poor rude world doesn’t have her equal.
Absolutely, yes indeed.
Well, is it not news that Petruchio’s coming?
Why, isn’t all this joking better than groaning about love?
But it has bay windows that are as transparent as stone walls, and the upper windows facing south-north are as clear as coal.
It stands by her bedside.
Why, do you know of any harm intended toward him?
Hey, lady!
Well, she can get used to it.
Look at you getting all riled up!
Hey, love, I say!
Why, madam, have I offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king?
Ma'am, you wouldn’t treat me like this if I were your father’s dog.
Why, Caesar straddles the narrow world like a giant, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and look forward only to dying dishonorably, as slaves.
Wow, he’s a real devil.
I saw Bassanio sail away, and Gratiano went with him.
Man, they were asking for it.
Speak, man, what’s the matter?
Why do you say that?
Why, man?
Why, may I ask?
Why, mistress, my master is as angry as a bull with horns.
Why, my boy?
Why, dear child?
Why, no, sir.
No.
From this moment on I have a higher opinion of you than before.
Right now; as fast as she can say the vows.
Now let the wind blow, waves swell, and ships sink!
Someone who makes a promise and breaks it.
Why the nobles were imprisoned, and on what charges, I don’t know, my gracious lord.
Why, our troops amount to three times that.
Yes, you’re absolutely right.
What’s going on, Rosalind?
Can’t you see for yourself?
Why, are we turning to men?
She’s not going to borrow money from them.
Why, she challenges me like a Muslim would challenge a Christian.
She already has a face.
Why, she’s inside.
Why, she was dead before you were even born.
She would hang on to him, and the more she was with him the more she wanted to be with him; she couldn’t get enough of him.
I’m a carpenter, sir.
Cobble you, sir.
Then you should offer the gods a sacrifice to show your thanks.
Why, sir, he’s not coming.
Well, her name’s a word, and if you fooled around with it you might make her into a whore.
Why, sir, I told you an hour ago that the good ship  This fellow’s gone mad, and so have I. We’re in some kind of dream world.
Why, sir, I spent it on this rope.
Sir, I think I have the right to speak, and speak I certainly will.
Why, what’s the problem?
But sir, there is no such house, no such maid, and no such men as you have dreamed up, like a certain Stephen Sly and one old John Naps of Greece, a Peter Turph, one “Henry Pimpernell,” and twenty more men of this sort—who never actually existed.
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day.
Why, so did you.
Well, that’s what he’s doing—making you free to enjoy heaven.
Yes, I was, but I don’t want an answer from you.
I did.
I’m doing so.
Why?
Well.
Why not stay and hear me talk to him?
Yes, this is what love does.
Why, sweet Othello—   I haven’t done anything to deserve this!
Say, isn’t this the Latin master Cambio?
He said he did—I don’t know.
Oh, that’s nothing, believe me, sir.
That fair-skinned, hard-hearted hussy, Rosaline is going to torment him until he goes insane.
The one the Moor gave to Desdemona, which you asked me to steal so many times.
Yes, that’s my husband’s name.
Well, that’s just greedy.
Well, that’s the same thing.
Why, that’s my dainty Ariel singing now.
You sound like a cattle dealer: that’s the way they sell bulls.
Why, that’s just the way to frustrate their plans and defeat their absurd intentions.
Well, the point is, he’s lost a ship.
But the enemy is loud.
The honest men.
I might as well go before the King of France, who took my youngest daughter without a dowry, kneel before his throne, and beg him to give me a tiny pension to stay alive.
Why, last night.
Why, then, it’s time to put on my armor and instruct the troops.
Why, then, it’s my body’s doomsday.
Okay, so that’s when he’ll say we stabbed him in his sleep.
All right then, back home we go.
Then Desdemona and Othello will go back to Venice.
You don’t think you can teach her?
Well, if you have to go, you have to go.
Well, then it isn’t one to you, since nothing is really good or bad in itself—it’s all what a person thinks about it.
Well then, improve your situation with a show of courage.
In that case, I don’t much care for you either.
Well then, leave them alone until they’re sober.
Well then, add some interjections that indicate laughter, like  Hold on, Friar.
Then immediately call the rest of the watch together and thank God that you’ve gotten rid of such a criminal.
Well then, can’t I act as Rosalind for you tomorrow?
Well then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
That will kill our lovers.
Well, then, there!
A crown was offered to him, and he pushed it away with the back of his hand, like this—and then the people started shouting.
Oh, oh, oh!
Well then, here’s more money for you.
And there’s nothing I can do about it.
I think I’m getting delirious.
This guy here has banished two of his daughters and blessed the third one without intending to.
God, that song’s even better than the other one.
Why, that man is a total fraud and rascal.
Why, anyone can see what this means.
That’s excellent.
This is like if I asked you to wear your gloves when it’s cold outside, or eat nutritious food, or do something that’s good for you.
I’m not Lear.
Well, this is what happens when men let themselves be ruled by women.
Why, the one I just told you about.
Why, this was modeled on a porridge bowl!
That would make anyone cry enough to water his garden with his tears.
I’ll vouch for Grumio.
So then, you must think that hairy men are honest and simpleminded.
You’ve made him so delusional he’ll go crazy when he learns the truth.
You annoying idiot, what Epidamnum ship is waiting for me?
You know, you’re right.
Well, that’s a fine answer.
Why, you silly man!
Why do you pity him?
Your horn is a foot long, and I’m at least that size.
Why, to keep the eyes on the sides, so that you can see anything that you can’t sniff out.
He can’t give his house away to his daughters, leaving himself without shelter.
Yes, that’s it!
You  But, uncle, we’re being disrespected.
Yes, very well.
Why, because we’re always handling our ewes, and their fleece, as you know, is greasy.
We have feelings.
Wow, we’re really going to drive him crazy.
She’s well.
What a king Claudius is!
What an ogre you are to slander someone you don’t know, and who doesn’t know you!
What an ass I am.
Why, what a complicated case this is!
Who are you?
And what do you know, boy?
What did I do?
Why, what symptoms of love does she exhibit?
What else?
What in the world do you call this, tailor!
What’s it to you?
Why, what’s Tybalt’s story?
What are you doing here?
Why, what’s the danger?
Why, what are you afraid of?
What would you do about it?
Why, what is there to do before I get there?
Whatever kind you want, I guess.
What do you mean by “furniture”?
Why, what’s the matter?
Why, what’s the matter with him?
Why are you asking me that?
But where will we go?
Then where would you have me go, Adam?
Who wouldn’t cheat on her husband to make him king?
Well, whose is it?
Why are you telling me this?
Why, wouldn’t you?
Why, would that have fixed my hair?
You didn’t give me any gold.
And don’t say all of that yet.
Why, you speak like an experienced and quiet watchman.
It’s true.
But you were with him, weren’t you?
Your lieutenant, Cassio.
Why do you say that?
Who do you think?
Why?
Next thing you know, he’ll be saying “widower Aeneas.” “Widow Dido,” did you say?
They killed your wife, your children, your servants, anyone they could find.
Wife!
Would you like to taste the banquet?
Would your highness like to take a walk?
Would your Honor like to try this dried fruit?
Is  Would your Mightiness care to wash his hands?
What do you say, Caesar?
Will either of you give him the message that I’m challenging him to a duel?
Will he bring his army?
Will he tell us what that pantomime meant?
Are you always going to be like this?
Will it eat me?
Will it be chased away by bowing and scraping?
Oh, will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Once we have covered the two servants with blood, and used their daggers to kill, won’t people believe that they were the culprits?
Won’t he?
Can you buy them with money?
Won’t he join us?
Won’t King Richard let me speak with him?
Won’t the ladies be scared of the lion?
Aren’t the mayor and his fellow citizens coming?
Will she go to bed now?
Aren’t the playwrights hurting them by making them upstage adult actors, which they are going to grow up and become?
Will they stop working when their voices mature?
Do you want to get married, fool?
Will you be patient?
Will you come immediately?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Are you really going to pretend you don’t know me now?
Will you dine with me tomorrow?
Will you marry us here, under this tree, or should we follow you to your chapel?
Would you tie me to a whole world of worries?
Will you abandon her?
Will you say grace, sweet Kate, or shall I?—What is this?
Will you come with me to hear this news, sir?
Do you want to go hunting, my lord?
Are you going to watch the race?
Are you going to join them?
Will you come with me?
My  Will you come on, cousin?
Come on, sister.
Will you come?
Will you come with us?
Do you agree that Ferdinand must have drowned?
Will you marry her?
Will you take me, my lady?
Would you like some more sauce to go with it?
Do you want to hear it again?
Will you listen to me, Roderigo?
Do you want to hear what she says?
Will you help me?—What an ass and a fool, a gullible no-good idiot!
Ready to set sail, sir?
Show them in.
After you, my lords?
Take it easy!
You mock an ancient tradition, born of reverence and worn in honor of brave men who have died, and then have the gall not to stand by your words.
Won’t you tell me who told you that?
Will you play this recorder?
Can you help me?
Will you pull your sword out of its sheath?
Get lost, will you?
Are you going to say good things about the man who killed your cousin?
Will you wait awhile?
Will you be having dinner with her tonight?
Will you have dinner with me tonight, Casca?
Are you really going to tell me that?
Do you really think so?
Are you going to Scone?
Will you two help them get ready?
Do you want to go in and join the party?
Do you want to go see him?
Would you walk out with me, sir?—Oh, Desdemona— Yes, my lord?
Will you go hide?
Will you surrender and avoid all this or be called to account for the destruction of this town?
Will you please make this half-devil say why he tricked me and damned my soul?
Your highness, could you send me on a mission to the ends of the earth?
Yes, it’s William, sir.
Will you break my heart?
Are you coming monster?
Will you meet me right away at Ninny’s grave?
Are you going?
Would you like to be king of the entire world?
Now would you please listen once again to the request I made to you earlier?
Do you want to exchange fathers?
Will you kill him then?
Don’t you think you should go to bed, Malvolio?
Will you have me?
Would you care to hear some music?
Do you want to know what I wrote?
What, you dare put your hands on me, villain?
Would you try to lift Mount Olympus?
What, is trusting a friend such a crime?
Why don’t you answer me, man?
You’ll fall backward when you grow up, won’t you, Jule?” And she stopped crying and said, “Yes.” Now you stop too, Nurse, please.
Are you going to provoke me?
You’re going to rest while you’re still damned?
May I kiss your feet?
Are you planning on showing me all your wit at once?
are you going to let them break me out of jail?
Will you abandon such gentle lambs, God, and throw them to the wolves?
Will you do that for me, Silvius?
Will you, Strato?
Come on—kill me and brag about it!
I loved wine and gambling, and had more women than a Turkish sultan keeps in his harem.
Winter garments need to be filled with something, And so does skinny Rosalind.
Wipe your eyes.
Bad people can’t appreciate wisdom or goodness.
How could it be wisdom!
Go wisely and slowly.
As king of this country I like to reward wit when I hear it.
With all my heart, I’ll join you.
It makes me very happy to hear he’s so interested.
I’ll do it with all my heart.
Wholeheartedly, good young man.
Absolutely, if you can find a wife by then.
With all my heart.
With all my heart, I’ll go right away.
By all means.
With all my heart.—Three or four of you go welcome him.—In the meantime, I’ll read Bellario’s letter out loud.
With a touch of green in it.
With anger, with fever, or with hunger, sure, my friend, but never sick with love.
And with another for tying the new shoes he made with old laces?
giving it back to him.
Right, and they wore proclamations around their necks, saying, “Be it known to all men by these  The eldest of the three brothers wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler.
Yes, with Cassio.
You’ve connived to steal my daughter’s heart, making her stubborn and harsh instead of obedient (like she should be).—And, my gracious duke, if she won’t agree to marry Demetrius right now, I ask you to let me exercise the right that all fathers have in Athens.
No, with Demetrius.
We only drink toasts to my niece.
We’re following you not only because it is our duty, but also because we want to.
Favorably, except that there wasn’t enough time for his Grace to hear, as I sensed he would have liked to, the details about how he is rightfully entitled to certain dukedoms in France, and to the throne of France in general, through clear lines of descent originating with his great-grandfather, Edward III.
With her, on top of her—however you want to say it.
I sent the French queen with him too, for the same reason.
I’m sure Lorenzo isn’t on their ship.
With Cassio?
He looks angry.
Honestly, you’re speaking the truth—ever since the fools were  With his mouth full of news.
With his own lightning bolts; I’ve shaken up the sturdy cliffs and uprooted pines and cedars; I’ve opened up graves and awakened the corpses sleeping in them, letting them out with my powerful magic.
For lawyers on vacation, because they sleep their holidays away, with no sense of how time moves.
Having already thought about the fact that she would have to die sometime, I can endure her death now.
I’m more anxious watching you fight than you are in the fight itself.
It’s the truth.
The present time is like a woman in labor, each minute giving birth to some piece of news.
I’ll keep my promise just as if you really were Rosalind.
Not with any sauce they could provide for them.
I came here with a fool’s head on my shoulders and now I’m leaving with two.—Goodbye, sweet lady.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
This is no way to treat a host who has welcomed you into his house.
With Rosaline, father?
Get her attention and draw her home with music.
Inside, sir, with the earl.
With a doctor’s help he might recover and become an ass again.
My lord acts just as crazy with love as you do.
Along with this strange power, he also has the gift of prophecy and various other abilities.
I have nothing to do with what you’re talking about, my lord.
And anything else?
I mean I will live on whatever I get, like birds do.
How did he try to persuade you to love him?
From what, in God’s name?
With who?
With whom?
It’s time to hide, wretched Margaret.
Get off the field, my lord.
Less than a month after my father’s death, even before the tears on her cheeks had dried, she remarried.
Put him within the reach of my sword, and if he escapes, may heaven forgive him as well!
His body will lie in my tent tonight, with the honorable observance that suits a soldier.
Our army has recently acquired many of Mark Antony’s former soldiers—enough to capture him.
Inside the little rind of this weak flower, there is both poison and powerful medicine.
In ten days time, if you’re found within twenty miles of the court, you’ll die for it.
Within the next three days I want to hear you tell me that Cassio’s dead.
In two months—a month before this loan is due—I expect to earn more than three times that much from my investments.
In a half an hour he’ll be asleep.
I was bound to him an hour ago, sir, but thankfully he chewed through our ropes.
It’ll be lunchtime within an hour.
In this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you.
Within three hours Juliet will wake up.
Three miles from here you can see it coming, a moving forest.
Without doubt I’ve heard that.
He looks skinny, like a dried herring without its eggs, and he hasn’t got his girl.
I’ll tell him, my lord.
Too bad about the son!
Look, he can become invisible.
Let heaven be my witness—I’m putting my mind, my heart, and my hands in Othello’s control.
Hey!
You’ll be sorry later, but it’ll be too late.
Pity the hand that shed this valuable blood.
It’s bad news when a country is ruled by a child.
How horrible!
We’re very sorry, sir, that you may not live to wear us out with your commands.
I pity England, but not myself.
Women are made for
No, a woman’s gentle brain could never have come up with such crude expressions and even harsher meanings.
And there’s no need for wonder or worry.
But don’t keep wondering without more proof.
I’m terribly sleepy.
Stop eating?
Fight?
Cut yourself?
Will you fight well?
Will you cry?
But she loves it so much (since Othello told her she should always keep it with her) that she always keeps it near her to kiss it and talk to it.
Words before fighting.
What are you going to do?
A lot of words.
Once there, make your thoughts work harder, and witness a siege.
Oh, life is full of surprises!
This is getting worse and worse!
Worse and worse!
Well put, Maecenas.
What a worthy man!
Good Macbeth, we’re ready when you are.
You’re famous for it.
Othello, I’ve been seriously hurt.
I know, prince.
You know what, my lord?
I wish I had!
I wish it were over.
It’s revolting!
I wish I could believe you that all was well!
He said he would deny that he wrote his letter?
Would he have snuck away from me while I was asleep?
Wouldn’t he be a comfort to us in our travels?
I wish I could repay this happy news with good news of my own.
Oh, I’d rather have met my fiercest enemy in heaven, Horatio, than have lived through that terrible day!
I wish I had two fool’s caps and two daughters.
I wish I could see that man someday!
I hope I never achieve success if I don’t feel some of your heartbroken grief right now.
I only wish I could load him up with all the praise he deserves!
I wish I knew what is happening.
I wish I were in an alehouse in London!
As long as there are
I wish I were Sleep and Peace, so I could spend the night with you.
Wish I could say the same.
Would it be better if I were that, instead of what I am?
What woman wouldn’t be distressed, being lorded over by a handful of dust?
Doesn’t that make you want to cry?
I wish it were day!
If only I could spit poison.
Maybe, but I wish I’d never laid eyes on him.
I wish that no one could avenge my cousin’s death except me!
They wouldn’t say anything?
I wish she’d never let you come.
I wish she were in her coffin here, with the ducats in her coffin!
I would gladly do without that if he would only stay faithful to me.
I wish I had a fault like that!
I wish he’d go away!
I wish the night were here already!
I wish they had stayed!
I wish my eyes were
I wish you and your scarred self had convinced me to wage our last battle on land.
I wish you’d do what I ask!
Are you thinking of buying her?
Are you trying to remake me?
Can you imagine cement and stone talking better?
I wish you’d never met him.
What, you don’t want me to be chaste?
All of you who are looking at her, wouldn’t you swear that she’s a virgin, judging by these outward shows?
Oh, you  If you want to praise Caesar, just say his name—that’s all the praise that’s necessary.
How I wish you felt better!
I wish you could face your bad news like a man!
Are you going to hide and watch them having sex?
Want?
What do you want with me?
Are you going to get me in trouble?
Would you ever do such a thing for all the world?
Could you really do such a thing, for all the world?
Did you have to give them everything?
You’re like the poor cat in the old story.
Won’t you be glad to see that rascal dog humiliated?
You would take it back?
Take his sword away from him.
May my wrinkles forbid that!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”—Gentlemen, are you good Christians, and do you serve God?
Write down that Prince John is a villain.
Write to him immediately.
I’d write sad songs about unrequited love and sing them loudly in the middle of the night.
I’ll tell them that we won’t hurt anyone with our swords, and that Pyramus isn’t really dead.
Write them together—yours is just as good a name.
Write to him from me—I’ll sign it—sending greetings and gentle good-byes.
Write to me very soon and I’ll let you know what she thinks.
I have done wrong, so I will suffer wrong.
Do I mistreat even my enemies?
Don’t wrong her birth.
You rudely snuck out of bed.
Read your history!
Fast!
Quickly, quickly, good Iras, quickly.
It astounds me that such a weak man could beat the whole world and carry the trophy of victory alone.
I see.
Yes, even if I had a thousand more pounds than that, for I hear that you are  Me, too.
Yes, and I’ll keep crying a while longer.
Yes, and paid me well for doing it.
Yes, with the sign underneath him that says: “Here lives Benedick the married man”?
Yes, and the best looking too.
Are you there?
Yes, but I am insulting myself by thinking this way.
Sure, but don’t do it at full volume until there’s no danger in it.
Yes, by God, that it is.
What, are you mocking me to my face?
Yes, I am the one.
Yes, I’ll wipe my mind clean of all trivial facts and memories and preserve only your commandment there.
Is the worst well?
Yes, as much pleasure as one might take in choking a bird at knifepoint.
Yes, leave that labor to great Hercules—it’s worse than the previous twelve put together.
Yes, do you hear me, Balthasar?
Yes, indeed, bring them before me.
Yes, good idea; that’s the
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can spoil it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Yes, or to wear cosmetics?
I’ll tell you as soon as I know, Richard, because at this point I have no idea.
Yes, sir, and I’ll leave when you ask me to.
Yes, sir, we hope so.
That she did.
Yes, that’s me.
Yes, even power gets in its own way.
Yes, why shouldn’t she?
Yes, yes, my lord.
Oh,” he said, “Did you fall on your face?
It was a painful bruise, and she was crying bitterly.
I will perform this ceremony every year.
That’s right.
Yes, it’s Emilia.
Yes, a dozen of them—as many as there are women in the world, in fact.
Yes, and he’ll keep getting funnier till he dies.
The new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten eagles, or rabbits frighten a lion.
Yes, if you kept them together and invested them.
Yes, return and tell me if your master looks well, because he was sick when he left.
Yes, by God!
They certainly will.
Ah, but there is, Horatio, there’s a lot of offense.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement—that God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, absolutely, no question or ambiguity about it.
Yes, indeed, and all the King’s men, the Duke of Milan and his fine son too.
Okay, I will—on Fridays and Saturdays, and the rest.
Yes, indeed they are.
Yes, dear madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Not true.
Yes, I will.
No, I know that you’re Signior Lucentio.
Yes, it truly is.
Yes, it’s just clothing.
Yes, that’s it.
To answer your question, ma'am—yes, he was friendly with those knights.
Yes ,madam.
Yes, of course.
Yes, I truly think He did great good.
Noble people don’t answer to peasants!
Yes, and one other place, if you’ll only let me name it.
Yes, one, and this is how I did it.
Well, other men have bad luck too.
Yes, Shylock, I’ll sign the contract and agree to its terms.
Yes, sir, but not when I’m enraged.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
Yes, for your own safety, you should deny one thing: you have been a great thief at sea.
Of course he is, and so are you.
Yes, that the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you did, sir.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, look, it’s true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers.
Yes, they are.
But you’ve seen her and Cassio together.
Yes.
This is the plague of important men—our wives betray us more than those of poor men.
Oh, not you again.
But I’m as noble as my opponent.
I knew from the first it would be this way.
But don’t take all that pain on yourself.
But Benedick was once an enemy of love as well, and now he’s become a real man.
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
Only three so far?
But I will go out, for these bad omens apply to the world in general as much as they do to me.
Even that I could put up with.
But Count Claudio can stay, for what I’m about to say concerns him.
At least I don’t have a horse for my mistress—or a saying so beside the point.
Still, Edmund was beloved.
But fortune could not reward me better than to let me die well, without owing my master anything.
You’re not really my daughter, but I still have one daughter left.
But then again he’s never really understood his own feelings very well.
Yet he seems capable.
Quiet!
Wait, and listen to me, countrymen.
But she has had prayers read for her and is dressed up like a pure virgin, with flowers tossed on her grave and the bell tolling for her.
You’re still here?
There’s still a spot here.
But his investments are uncertain right now.
Please find a way to give me some time alone with Desdemona, if you think that’s all right.
But I can’t help laughing to think that the baby stopped crying and said, “Yes.” I swear, she had a bump on her forehead as big as a rooster’s testicle.
But I don’t hate Orlando.
But I have known people who sleepwalked and weren’t guilty of anything.
I haven’t seen such a promising candidate for your love.
I still insisted on knowing what the matter was, but you wouldn’t answer me, instead giving me an angry wave of your hand and telling me to leave you alone.
And yet I do love you.
But I don’t think it’ll hurt him to tell the truth.
But I promise it can be cured with some guidance.
But I would kill you by petting you too much.
I know he’s noble, rich, young, and with a fine reputation.
Go.
But I won’t shed any of her blood or scar that beautiful skin, whiter than snow and smooth as the finest marble.
But if Antony is alive, healthy, friendly with Caesar, and not Caesar’s prisoner, I’ll shower you with gold and pearls.
But if you conspired against my position while you were there, I might be interested in the reason for your stay in Egypt.
But in fact it doesn’t say much.
This chatter is no cure for my toothache.
But it was also prophesied that the crown would not go to your descendants, and that my sons and grandsons would be kings instead.
The French are still fighting.
In that case, leave our cousin Katherine here with us.
Let me keep weeping for such a great loss.
But I paid attention to where Cupid’s arrow fell.
Don’t waste any time.
But my heart is still throbbing to know one thing.
One more time, we proclaim this publicly: If anyone will pay this man’s bail, he will not be put to death.
And the poor old man just wept, mixing his tears with the rain.
Put the torch out, so I can’t be seen.
I repeat, he’s in love.
But she’s got to die, or she’ll cheat on other men.
But that is a false conclusion, since we have locks to keep our valuables safe and clever traps to catch little thieves.
And no man with a reputation will tarnish that name with lies and bad behavior.
But he’d been there before me, and they told me he’d gone out looking for me.
They still haven’t joined the battle.
This is all that’s left for me to do, but I won’t do it.
And you called the fairy creature harmless, monster.
Yet you killed my children.
But you’re lying out in the cold.
But only hint at this vaguely, because, as you know, my mother’s still alive.
But it can’t help either!
And yet, words are a good thing when the man speaking them is pleasant to listen to.
But I wish I could say that’s the last time he’ll do it!
But I didn’t want to be free like this.
Maybe, but you’re wrinkled all the same.
But you began so rudely.
But you have all the advantages from the harm done.
But still, she’s going to kill you for being gone so long.
You’ve pierced me through the heart with your cruelty, and yet you, the murderer, look as bright and clear as a star in the sky.
But since you come from him, you’re saturated with his healing spirit.
But God forgive me for bragging.
But if your soles are worn out, I can mend you.
Still, it stands to reason that he mustn’t betray his fear, as it might dishearten his army.
Though the last time I saw him it was black from the smoke of war.
But when we have an hour to spare we can talk more about it, if you’re willing.
Surrender, dog!
That light is not daylight, I know it.
Right in the middle of the fight, just when the battle could have gone either way—actually we had a slight advantage—that immoral Egyptian nag—May she die of leprosy!—suddenly became frightened, and turned her ships around and fled.
Those island-bred skeletons, terrified for their bones, are an offensive sight on the morning field.
That huge black cloud over there looks like a filthy liquor jug that’s about to pour out its contents.
I remember, Adam, that’s  Here comes my master, your brother.
Yes, I see them coming.
They’re lying over there, and the poor old man, their father, weeps so piteously over them that the whole audience has joined him in grieving.
He’s walking over there, sir.
You’re a man?
That’s good advice.
You all saw that on the Lupercal feast day I offered him a king’s crown three times, and he refused it three times.
You all know this cloak.
You always slip out of the argument like this.
This is amazing.
You represented yourself as just a common man.
You’re a king’s advisor.
You’re a lying, cowardly wretch.
You sell fish.
You’re a fool.
You are a fool.—You, niece, prepare to leave.
You’re a lover.
You’re a funny man, sir.
Catch me if you can!
You’re an insolent little boy.
You’re a senator!
You’re a spirit, I know.
You just missed a fight that was barely avoided.
You ass!
You are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world.
You’ll both help me, right?
You’re mistaken.
You’re acting stupid, Casca, and you lack the quick wits that a Roman should have—or else you don’t use them.
You’re up early.
You’re sure full of smooth answers.
You’re brave gentlemen.
You are Antonio, you are he.
You are right, it’s for my mistress.
You’re all lazy and shallow.
You’re doing the right thing.
They’re looking for you in the great chamber.
You’re in a good mood tonight, my lord.
You’re older than me.
You’re my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the blood that runs through my sad heart.
You’re naughty.
I know you know something about how excellent Laertes is—
You’re not one of Pinch’s patients, are you, sir?
You aren’t wood, you aren’t stones—you’re men.
You are not, Cassius.
You’re overstepping your bounds now.
You’re now within a foot of the cliff’s edge.
You are all most welcome here; please make yourselves at home.
In your own kitchens you act like wildcats.
You’re so neat and well put-together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else.
You’ve made up your mind, then?
You’re the one I have to obey.
You are their heir and sit on their throne, and the blood and courage that glorified them run in your veins.
A faithful shepherd worships you.
You’re thought to be the most
My lord, you’re wrong to berate her like that.
You’re getting too angry.
You’re too forgiving.
You are completely wrong about this king.
You’re competing for
That’s very sensible, but you missed my sense: I meant Hortensio is afraid of you.
You are very welcome here, sir.
We’re glad to see you.
You are welcome for his sake.
Welcome to Elsinore.
Welcome, welcome to all of you.
Welcome to Cyprus.
You are welcome, sir.
You are very welcome here.
It’s lovely to see you.
Welcome.
This is it, for now.
You’re awfully eager to fight.
You are, but you don’t know it yet.
Don’t you have any manners, you savage?
You know where she is.
You told me to make it well and properly and in keeping with the current style.
The wit you flaunt is like a blunt sword—it can’t hurt anyone, thank God.—My lord, I thank you for your many kindnesses.
Quiet!
And all because I use my own money to make a profit.
I know you can do better than that, but it’ll do for now.
You can’t get any more money out of me right now.
Bassanio, the best thing you can do is to keep living and write an epitaph for my gravestone.
I’m positively stuffed with air, I eat so much of it.
You can’t party your way into dukedoms there.
You can’t find that out, even if you held my heart in your hand you couldn’t make me tell you.
You can’t take anything from me that I care less about—except my life, except my life, except my life.
Let tornadoes spew water until the steeples of our churches and the weathervanes are all drowned.
That’s not fair.
You mournful princes and grieving gentlemen who have been sharing this burden of grief, now it’s time to cheer each other up with love.
You’ve come right on time.
You didn’t arrive like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me saying, “Shylock, we need money.” You say that!—even though you spat on my beard and kicked me like you’d kick a stray mutt out your front door.
You come here with letters against the king, and you take his conceited daughter’s side against his royal highness.
You could only imitate his imperfections so well if you were the man himself.
By the way, if I were to compose an extra speech of twelve to sixteen lines and stick it into the play, you could learn it by heart for tomorrow, right?
You keep cramming words into my ears that I don’t want to hear.
How dare you try to be my friend when you refuse to fight my enemy.
You knew that my sword, weakened by my love for you, would obey that love no matter what.
You did.
You get trickier and trickier.
You’re helping the storm, not us.
You’re just playing around.
You’ll see that Caesar is giving you no reason to do so.
Yes, my lady.
You do me wrong by taking me out of the grave.
You must be mistaking me for someone else, sir.
You’re mistaken.
No, no.
Do you remember the circumstances?
You attract me to you, you cruel magnet!
You wouldn’t have dared to tempt him so.
But when  You take up your duties too cheerfully.
All you English princes, I salute you.
You resent my friends' rise in society, and my own.
Gentle gods in heaven, please let me die.
You’re forgetting yourself when you back me into a corner.
You gentle Romans— Quiet there!
You’re looking for Lord Hamlet.
You had rotten food, and he helped you eat it.
You have a daughter named Elizabeth, who is virtuous and beautiful, aristocratic and full of grace.
The three of you have killed a sweet, innocent woman.
Many of you own slaves, which—like your donkeys and dogs and mules—you use to perform awful jobs just because you bought them.
You have wonderful armor, but give my horse his due.
You’ve stunned him.
Take my hand, Hastings.
They’re very anxious for you to get there.
You were worn with honor.
You will never be able to say the same about me.
You’re wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles.
Please, remain seated.
You’ve already done something you should be sorry for.
You’ve done well at sea.
You’ve done a good job, that other men can attribute their murders to you!
You’ve forgotten the will I told you about.
You’re a good judge of horsemanship.
But you heard him swear up and down that he was.
You’ve heard a lot.
Her father loves you, Demetrius.
Ah, he got you back, Benedick!
You’ve killed an innocent woman, and you’re going to pay dearly for her death.
You’ve heard something you shouldn’t have.
You have no reason to say that.
You haven’t lost it unless you think you have.
You were one of his favorites.
You have offered me the lands of Sicily and Sardinia.
You get my point, don’t you?
You have my consent.
You don’t want to eat, sir?
You didn’t go to sleep, then?
You’ve never thought of me like that, and you have no reason to.
You’ve never seen anything like it.
Anything.
Not long ago you challenged and opposed your brother, and it is only very recently that he has forgiven you.
You’re right—I’ll go quietly.
You’ve humiliated him, lady: you’ve put him down.
You’ve said what you have to say now.
All right, you’ve had your say, but we’ll let the forest judge whether or not you spoke wisely.
You’re right, sir.
You have seen the cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You haven’t seen anything, then?
You have all served me well, and kings are your peers.
You have absolutely abused our sex in this love talk of yours.
But you didn’t, even though you had every reason.
You thought you were being funny, but you said the truth.
You got to me first.
You’re taking it more seriously than I meant it.
You told me she got them, and that she promised to give me a little something in return soon, but nothing like that ever happens.
Your wit is too courtly for me.
People with too much invested in the world always get hurt.
But you’ve raised me as a peasant, hiding from me what I needed to become a gentleman.
You have, my lord.
You can hear them all night long.
Antipholus, you hear how the man pleads with me.
You hear the charges.
You heard her say it wasn’t me.
You dance and prance and lisp; you call God’s creations by pet names, and you excuse your sexpot ploys by pleading ignorance.
On land you keep the legions and cavalry together, don’t you?
Then, rejecting my request, you kill
You kiss like you’ve studied how.
You knew my father well; therefore, you know me, the sole heir to all his property and possessions, which I have added to rather than depleted.
You knew—no one knew, no one knew as well as you did—about my daughter’s plans to run away.
You know that he does.
You know I gave it to you just now.
You know that I gave it to you a half hour ago.
I have no opinion about him.
You know from my clothing who I am.
I owe you a lot, and like a spoiled kid I’ve lost what I owe you.
You know me well.
You know me too well.
You know what I intend.
You never heard of the Centaur?
You don’t know how to pick a man.
Gregory, remember how to slash.
You don’t know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him flee.
You don’t know why we came to visit you— Yes, and so unexpectedly, at night.
Well, you know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours at a time.
You know that I used to believe in Epicurus and his disregard for omens.
You know, if you were anyone other than Brutus, that speech would be your last.
You’re sure the handwriting is your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is her wedding day.
You know, he got me in trouble with the lady of the house once when I arranged a bear-baiting here.
You don’t have a man’s courage.
You must be the one who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams.
You don’t know that?
The gods can hear you lying!
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you have something more to say.
You don’t look well, Antonio.
You go pale, you stare, and you act in awe of the strange disturbance in the heavens.
You look tired.
You don’t love me.
I’m not sure about that.
You’re getting in the way of our work.
You might as well do the impossible rather than try to soften his Jewish heart.
You may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning its face with a peacock feather.
You might just as well say, “That’s a valiant flea that dares to eat its breakfast on the lip of a lion.” Yes, exactly.
You can judge for yourself what I mean.
You may really be honest, no matter what I think.
You may hear about it soon.
You can do what you want, but he’s an experienced and honorable soldier.
You can figure out the rest.
You can go straight to hell!
You might have a great opportunity to give it to him right now.
Maybe you will find a husband without a beard.
He’s more of a soldier than a wise man.
You can see my ribs so well you can count them.
You may think that I don’t love you.
Maybe you think that I think you’re in love.
You may, sir.
You mean, to bear me, not to bear        My protector, Richard, insists on it.
We should all kneel before her, men of Cyprus!
Not bad; you might accomplish something.
You could have come sooner.
You should’ve saved me some trouble and taken it away yourself.
Listen, hussy—is this man one of your customers?
You’re wrong, sir, very wrong.
There must be some mistake, sir.
Come, come, you’re making fun of me.
You’re making fun of me.
You’ll have to leave tonight.
You’ll just have to be patient for a little while.
You have to pretend to be your niece’s father, and give her away to Claudio.
You’ll have to bear with me.
First, you have to speak to the watchmen who accused them.
You have to contradict me, do you?
You have to be patient, madam.
You have to stop talking like this.
Yes, you have to tell us why, Sir Andrew.
Don’t say no.
Don’t look so sour.
You can’t stay here any longer.
Don’t think I’m so dumb that I don’t know that the devil himself won’t eat a woman.
So don’t think that I’m drunk.
Please don’t take my niece the wrong way, sir.
Our regiments are full to the brim; our cause is ready.
Bottom, you’re Pyramus.—And Flute, you’re Thisbe.
You mean “paragon.” A  The duke’s leaving the temple.
I have a lot to tell you about them.
You must know that the snake will act according to his nature.
You must go to Parthia.
Believe what?
You don’t have to worry about any of these lords, my lady.
You don’t have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
I hope lightning strikes her in the eyes!
Any man can get drunk sometime.
Yeah, right, go get him.
You unwashed farmworker!
You must all keep up this united front.
You defend yourself by blaming my judgment, but you’re just making up feeble excuses.
You weren’t given any gold?
You wake up to have fun, and you start work when you go to bed.
You’re rubbing salt in his wounds when you should be applying bandages.
You said the enemy wouldn’t come down but keep to the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh at you?
You see how kind everyone is to us, how they just hand us gold.
ate at home, but the jeweler says he didn’t.
You’ve got it wrong, old man.
That’s very true, mangy rascal, when it pleases God.
You speak well.
You say you’re a better soldier.
You say you don’t know what the girl thinks.
You barely have the heart to tell me, so you can’t possibly have the nerve to do it.
You’re acting like an ass, don’t you think?
You see, her eyes are open.
Be at ease.
He’s so flighty in his old age, as we keep noticing.
You see how naïve and foolish I’ve been.
You see me here, gods, a grieving old man, as wretched in his grief as he is in his old age.
You see me standing here, Lord Bassanio.
Yeah, right—you sent me to get whipped.
You sent me to the port to find a ship.
You shall advise me in everything having to do with Cleopatra.
You’ll become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me.
You will be the king.
You will love more than you are loved.
You’ll have your answer soon.
You’ll remain a prisoner until we bring your crimes to the Venetian government.—Okay, take him away.
You’re both wrong.
It would be wonderfully wise of you, my dear Reynaldo, to ask around about his behavior a little before you visit him.
If you put me in the stocks you’ll insult him both as a king and as a man.
You’ll find me ready enough to do that, sir, if you give me a reason.
You can have anything you want.
I’ll give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times over.
We’ll let you.
I’ll write to my stepson Richmond on your behalf, so that he’ll meet you on the way.
I’ll give you letters of introduction to some friends of mine who will help you.
You won’t get any bad cooks from me.
There’s a ransom.
You’ll get some of what you want.
You’ll take the mustard or you’ll get no beef from Grumio.
You can argue as much as you like when there’s nothing else to do.
You’ll have wine enough, my lord, soon.
You will listen to me.
You’ll hear more from me by midnight.
He’ll tell you more of the story.
You’ll know more about it later.
Look at all the devoted servants who work for their masters their whole lives for nothing but their food, and then when they get old they’re terminated.
You’ll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue.
You must not go without having a drink first.
You won’t find any cause for anxiety, even if you look for one.
You can’t judge me based on what I do tonight.
You’re not going, sir.
You’re not going anywhere.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but will say all the good you want to about Caesar and that you do it by our permission.
No, you can’t sign a contract like that for me!
You’re not leaving the house today.
You’ll wear a mask, and you can make your voice as high as you want to.
You have to read us the will, Caesar’s will.
You’ll see shortly how the murderer wins the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You get only one round.
You may, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time of day it is, instead.
You should let others take care of you and submit to people who know better than you do what’s good for you.
You should have reprimanded him for that.
You should listen to reason.
You should have run up to her, unleashed a few excellent quips invented on the spot, and rendered the young man speechless.
You scoundrel!
You just said all your lines at once, cues and all.—Pyramus, enter.
You can’t mean what you’re saying.
You’re trying to trick me, my lord.
Say no more.
Just listen this once.
Have you not spoken to her since then?
You kick me out, he kicks me back.
Don’t worry about me.
You’re standing.
And I see you survived your time in Egypt.
You hit my servants, and your disorderly mob of knights treat their superiors like servants.
Let quick sulfurous lightning, strong enough to split enormous trees, singe the white hair on my head.
Now, you tanned fieldworkers who are so tired of August’s labors, get out of the dirt and come rejoice with us here.
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it till you died, and that it would be buried with you.
You take my house away when you take the money I need for upkeep.
You take my life when you take away my means of making a living.
So you took pleasure in bringing me this message?
You take your beauty sleep now.
Don’t be silly!
You pale face!
First you taught me how to beg, and now I think you’re teaching me how a beggar should be answered.
You taught me language, and all I can do with it is curse.
Tell us about this wrestling.
You suffered a loss like mine?
You expect me to cry?
You seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you wish.
You think about him too much.
You thought because he didn’t speak English like a native he couldn’t handle an English club.
Then you told a lie, a sick, wicked lie.
That’s right.
You told me that you don’t salute at the court but kiss hands.
You were right the first time.
You’re pale and trembling.
Understand?
You’re using this as an excuse for not showing up at the Porcupine like you promised.
You’d better go inside.
You’d better knock louder.
You should tell Antonio what you hear—but don’t do it suddenly, because it might upset him.
We all begged you not to go ahead with those marriage plans, and your lovely daughter struggled between disgust at marrying an African and the desire to obey you.
You were sent for.
They said they were acting for you.
You were wrong to give away your wife’s first gift so thoughtlessly, a thing you swore to keep on your finger and bound faithfully to your body.
You bastard workhorse drudge!
No, you’d answer, “The slaves are ours.” And that’s just how I’m answering you.
You will pretend to be a schoolmaster and offer to teach the girl.
You will be whipped.
You force me to read the will, then?
You’ll live in luxury with Gremio.
You’re going to lose this bet, my lord.
You will never fall victim to Benedick’s charms, my niece.
You won’t, then?
You won’t enjoy it much, I can tell you, the odds are so against this young man.
You were supposed to be proving that there isn’t time for everything.
You want proof?
You’d give the moon a shove if it got stuck five weeks in its orbit.
And if your clothes were as thin as mine, you’d really feel the air.
I don’t know how.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me even more, sir, by denying it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
Please, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write on behalf of such a man.
You go and take care of your business (since everybody has some business to take care of, whatever it is worth), and I’ll go and pray.
You, constable, are representing the Prince himself.
You, niece.
All this fighting is because of you.
You, Nick Bottom, have been cast as Pyramus.
I hope this play is well cast now.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
I breathed from my soul the most faithful offerings to your ungrateful altars that any devoted person has ever offered—what more am I supposed to do?
You!
You, sir, where’s my daughter?
You!
You.
You wanted to be king of the island, sir?
You’ll “never trust his word again.” Come on, that was a stupid thing to say.
You’re going to ask me why I’d rather have a pound of decaying flesh than three thousand ducats.
You’ll be sick tomorrow because you’ve stayed up all night.
You’ll get a blow from me for that, I think.
If I break the door down, slave, you’ll be sorry for this.
You’re wrong about that, I assure you.
Your whole family will be ruined.
Your grandsons will neigh to you like horses.
You’ll make me angry.
Are you going to let us in?
I won’t tolerate him.
Are you going to pay the eight shillings I won from you in a bet?
You’ll get there two days before me.
You’re in the charge of an honorable man.
You’re mistaken about all that.
Signior Balthasar, you look upset.
Nice to see you.
You and he are both welcome, sir.
That’s the truth, sir.
Do you have unusual snakes there?
Young boys and girls are equal to men.
Young budding virgin, fair and pure and sweet, where are you off to?
Young Prince Edward is still alive—what do you think I’m going to say next?
Young Fortinbras, returning in triumph from Poland, is firing his guns to greet the English ambassadors.
What’s that, you runt?
Young gentleman, you are too bold for your age.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the Wrestler?
Then young men love with their eyes, not with their hearts.
Is it young Romeo?
Young man, something’s wrong if you’re getting out of bed this early.
Girls younger than she often marry and become happy mothers.
Here in Verona there are girls younger than you—girls from noble families—who have already become mothers.
Callow youth, you don’t yet know how to love!
It is not the custom for the maids in France to kiss before they are married, is that what she says?
Your speech is more refined than I would expect in such a remote place as this.
Your answer?
Sir, I’m puzzled by what you just said.
Your bedroom.
Better men than you have heard me speak my mind, and if you can’t take it, then you’d better plug your ears.
Your superiors.
Richard, the duke of Gloucester, hates you.
Your brother is young and inexperienced, and because of my affection for you, I’d hate to crush him—though I’d have to, if he challenged me.
Your brother Don John the Bastard has run away from Messina.
Oliver, your brother—no, not your brother; and yet he’s the son—but no, I won’t call him the son—of that great man I was about to call his father, has heard about how well you did in the wrestling match, and tonight he’s planning on burning your house down, with you in it.
The food inside is warm, but you’re out here freezing.
Your case is better than that.
Your wife and children were savagely slaughtered.
Your grief should not be equal to his worth, because then your sorrow would never end.
Your magic spell has such an effect on them that if you saw them now, you’d feel sorry for them.
Your children will be kings.
Your children caused you trouble in your youth, but mine will bring you comfort in your old age.
Your authorization is ready.
You’ve lost your resolve.
My lady Olivia, your niece, disapproves of your late-night partying.
Your crown is crooked.
The Danes, the Germans, and the Dutch—come on, drink, drink!—are nothing compared to the English.
The princes left your daughter here for dead.
I also heard that your daughter spent eighty ducats in Genoa one night.
The nobles of Cyprus whom you invited to dinner are waiting for you.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters destroyed themselves and died in despair.
Your Emperor is still a king among gods.
Your eyes are like stars, and your voice is more musical than a lark’s song is to a shepherd in the springtime.
Your eyes look threatening.
When fools cry, you remain stony.
Your face betrays strange feelings, my lord, and people will be able to read it like a book.
Your father’s sons would make excellent husbands, if only a girl could catch one for herself.
Your father was an extremely moral man, and religious people get odd ideas on their deathbeds.
Your features, God help us!
Your fortunes are the same.
Your friends are up and buckling on their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they’re the ones who need a priest.
Gentlemanly manners have more sway around here than force does.
The stuff you had at the Centaur, sir.
Your Grace heard their saccharine words, but didn’t take note of their poisonous intentions.
Your Grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects.
You’ve bet on the weaker fencer.
You are too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace can do whatever he wants.
You, I think, would best know what he’s thinking.
Both of you are very welcome here.
If I may say so, your Majesty, your famous grandfather and your great-uncle Edward, the Black Prince of Wales—or so I’ve read in the history books—fought a very brave battle here in France.
Give me your hand, Leonato.
Don’t be shy—shake hands with me.
It’s like half your soul’s been ripped out.
I hope you get what you desire!
Your Highness told me to ask for my commission today.
Your Highness just told me that I should ride there before you.
Your honor is the reason you are leaving.
You’re most welcome.
Your Honor’s is unhealthy talk.
So I  Your Honor’s actors, hearing of your recovery, have come to perform a pleasing comedy for you—and your doctors approve wholeheartedly.
Curse your families!
Your husband, being saddled with a shrew, projects his own suffering onto my husband.
Your mother is coming to your bedroom.
Your wife, sir, your wife.
You should have a guard nearby if he comes in here, because he’s clearly disturbed.
I didn’t write about breaking the alliance with Antony until I saw you were being misled and realized how dangerous it would be to keep postponing preparations.
Then your lips will feel them more quickly.
You look pale and wild as if you’re going to hurt yourself.
Your lord knows what I think.
Welcome back to Denmark, my lord.
You speak absolutely correctly, sir.
You are a remarkable person and your loss is equally remarkable.
Your love says, like an honorable gentleman, 'Where is your mother?
Your love says, like an honorable gentleman, who is courteous, kind, handsome, and, I believe, virtuous— where is your mother?
Give me your love instead, as I give you mine.
Your Majesty didn’t present yourself as the king.
Your Majesty is quite right.
Your Majesty shall mock at me.
Your Majesty, see here—if it won’t offend your Grace—what a complete, rascally, beggarly, lousy rat this is.
You and your servant are very funny, sir.
You may change your mind later.
Your mistress is a good mount.
Your mistress sent for me to come to dinner?
Your mother.
What’s your name, please, friend?
Tell us your name, sir, truthfully.
What are your names?
The only kind of tears you should shed in this case are the kind you might get from holding an onion to your nose.
Your overwhelming kindness makes me weep.
You could not prevent her from dying someday, but heaven will give her eternal life.
I appreciate your frankness and your brevity.
For when you cut your shin.
You’re stripped of your power and your command, and Cassio will govern Cyprus.
Your praise has beaten you home.
Why not?
Explain.
Your answers are too shallow and too hasty.
Your scolding is somewhat overblown.
Your royal father is murdered.
Your preparation for war sounds like something.
Put your straw hats on, have some fun, and dance with these young nymphs.
The Egyptian snake is born when the sun shines on the Nile mud, just like the crocodile.
Your servant Kent.
I’m at your service.
We are your servants, your highness, and as always our house and everything in it is at your disposal, for after all, we keep it in your trust and we’re glad to give you back what’s yours.
Your servants are waiting.
Your shoes are in pretty bad shape.
Your sister’s the better soldier of the two.
That’s why your daughter and son-in-law are punishing me shamefully.
Your son will have my consent to marry my daughter.
My lord, your son has paid the soldier’s price: death.
Your statue spouting blood through many holes, in which many smiling Romans bathed, means that you’ll provide great Rome with sustaining blood, and that great men will strive to get some token of approval from your holy blood.
Drawing your sword on a woman?
Of course I hear it.
You bring your cauldrons, your spells, your charms, and everything else.
I rely on your virtue to protect me.
Your vote will be as strong as anyone’s in the reordering of the government.
You’re taking a shorter route.
Your wife and brother led troops against me, claiming to be fighting in your name.
Your wife Octavia, with her self-effacing eyes and self-righteous assumptions, won’t get any praise from patronizing me.
Your wife wouldn’t like it if she were here to hear you make that offer.
What do you want?
Your wives, your daughters, your old women, and your young maids together could not satisfy my lust.
It’s not true.
You speak like a very thankful and respectful boy, and may God bless you.
You always loved to tell me I couldn’t do anything without being told.
He’s just Launcelot.
You’re both very precious to me.
Your behavior is an insult to all women.
It was yours, I swear.
I’m at your service until death.
Yours, if we’re talking about  I’m leaving.
Thank you.
Young people often lose their self-control even without any help from others.
I can’t believe that dog, that rat, that mouse, that cat could scratch me to death!
Jesus, let’s kill him!
Damn it, shut your mouth.
But listen, if
For God’s sake, sir, you’ve been robbed.
Damn it, who’s there?