
I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so.I thank thee that thou hast left me so, for I am most sorry for thy father’s absence.” ’Twas I that did leave thee so; for, as thou didst say, it is my duty to go with thee, and I will not stay for thee. ‘I do beseech
Our house is hell, and thou, a merry devil, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness.Thy house’s hell hath robbed thee, And thou merry fiend, didst steal it from some sweet taste Of tediousity.”  I have a house, my lord, in hell; and, as thou art, Thou hast robbed me of
And Launcelot, soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo, who is thy new master’s guest. ’Twas well said, and now thou shalt see, Lorenzo is the guest of thine.Thou shalt not see me till supper-time, For I am the new-crowned guest o' th' house of Lorenzo.”   
Give him this letter. Give him the letter, and let him know of it.Go with him to his lodging, And bring him word of ’t. And let his letter be given him, That he may acquaint you with it, as I do.”  Bring him hither to my lodging; And give him leave to sup with me, As I have a letter
Adieu!Farewell!” ’Twas well said.’Tis well spoken.Tush, tush!— Farewell, farewell!   Tut, thou hast well chide'd me, and so well didst thou say it. Ay, sooth, ‘twas said well, And so it was well
If a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived. I have much mistaken thee.I do much mistake thee; for, as thou art, A Christian play'st me not; and, being so, Thou hast much misgivèd me.” ’Tis much to be deceived, my lord, by a man of faith.
But adieu. Farewell.Adieu to you. ’Tis time to part.’tis time for parting. Farewell to thee, and part with me, for this is the hour of my departure. I will not stay for thee; I'll go with thee to my lodging, where I shall stay till the morrow come; and so farewell.
These foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit.Foolish drops have something to do with drowning a man’s spirit, and so do I.”  I do think, sir, that some of my menly drops Have something in them that drowns the spirit of mine own.  I think so, my lord, That some such as I
Adieu. Farewell.Farewell, farewell.”  Amen’s song. ’Tis the song of the day. ‘Tarry, adieu, ‘tis the music of this day,    I think it is the very tune of it, and I do not know the tune, but I know it
Farewell, good Launcelot. Farewell.Adieu.” ’Twas well said.   Tis well that you should be so well met with me. Well met you, fair lady, in my house, and so fare you well at my gate, for I am come to fetch you word that your husband is gone.— Fare
Alack, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child!O, how vile a sin it is in my heart To shame my mother to bear me the name of her father!” O, that I should be so much ashamed To bear my name in such a name as mine own!—     Ay, and
But though I am a daughter to his blood, I am not to his manners. His manners are mine, and mine are not his. I have no more to do with him than to be his daughter’s maidservant.His manners, though they be mine own, are none of mine. Mine eyes are his, mine ears his; his tongue is mine; mine eyes,
O Lorenzo, If thou keep promise, I shall end this strife, Become a Christian and thy loving wife.If thou hold’st promise of it, let me end the strife; Become thou Christian, and thine own wife, For this is the cause of this quarrel.”  I do beseech thee, Lorenzo; if thou beest true to her,