
I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so. I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so.I prithee leave my father so.I prithee leave my father so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee leave him so.I prithee
Our house is hell, and thou, a merry devil, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness. Thy house is hell, and thou, a merry devil, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness.Thy house is hell, and thou, a merry fiend, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness. Thy house is hell, and thou, a merry fiend, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness.Thy house is hell, and thou, a merry fiend, Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness. Thy house is hell, and
And Launcelot, soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo, who is thy new master’s guest.Thou shalt see, Launcelot, soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo, Who is thy new master’s guest.Thou shalt see, Launcelot, soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo, Who is thy new master’s guest.Thou shalt see, Launcelot, who is thy new master’s guest.Thou shalt see, Launcelot, who is thy new master’s guest.Thou shalt see, Launcelot
Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this letter. Give him this
Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!Adieu!
If a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived. I am much deceived when a Christian do not play the knave and get thee.When a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived. I am much deceived when a Christian do not play the knave and get thee.When a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived. I am much deceived when a Christian do not play the knave and get thee.When a Christian do not play the knave and get thee, I am much deceived.I
But adieu. adieu. adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Ad
These foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit.                                                                                                                     
Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.Adieu.
Farewell, good Launcelot. Farewell, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu, good Launcelot.Adieu
Alack, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child!O, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child!O, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child’s father!O, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child’s father’s child!O, what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father’s child’s father’s
But though I am a daughter to his blood, I am not to his manners. I am not to his manners, though I am his daughter. I am not to his manners, though I am his daughter. I am not to his manners, though I am his daughter. I am not to his manners, though I am his daughter. I am not to his manners, though I am his wife. I am not to his manners, though I am his wife. I am not to his manners, though I am his daughter. I am not to his manners, though I am his wife. I am not to his manners,
O Lorenzo, If thou keep promise, I shall end this strife, Become a Christian and thy loving wife. Lorenzo, If thou keep promise, I’ll end this strife, Become a Christian and thy loving wife.O Lorenzo, if thou keep’st promise, I’ll end this strife, Become a Christian and thy loving wife.O Lorenzo, if thou keep’st promise, I’ll end this strife, Become a Christian and thine own wife.O Lorenzo, if thou keep’st promise, I’ll end this strife, Become a Christian and thine