I will hit you when you speak.
A beast, no more.
A beggar, brother?
That is a better example.
I am a better bird than a beast like you.
A bitter fool.
A blank letter, my lord.
A blessed labor, my lord.
A savage, a rogue, a villain who is fighting by the way of arithmetic.
A brave ship with some noblemen in it was thrown to pieces.
Bridegroom, what do you say?
A calendar, a calendar!
A carrion death, within which there is a scroll.
He sat at a fair throne throned by the west and loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow, as it would pierce a hundred thousand hearts.
I am facing a challenge.
We are fighting for a man, and as the president of my kingdom, we will be there for a man.
I am sure it is a commodity.
A conduit, girl?
A contagious breath.
A contract of true love to celebrate, and a generous donation to the estate of the blessed lovers.
A Cornish name.
He could never be a carnation.
He is a coward, a very devout coward.
A credulous father and a brother noble, whose nature is so far from harming that he does not suspect any of them.
What is a crow without feathers?
A cup, closed in my true love’s hand.
A damned death!
A daughter?
Women are happy.
A deed without a name.
A devil, a born devil who cannot live without being human, and who I have taken my pains, humanly taken, all, lost
A devil!
I am going to France to see how terrible it is.
A dog from that house will force me to stand.
A dollar.
A dream itself is just a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
A dry sneeze, sir.
A good name.
A beautiful woman.
It is a false conclusion.
A fiend like you could bring my soul to hell.
A fig!
She is a fine woman.
A fire, good Curtis.
A flatterer would not, even though they are as large as the high Olympus.
I am a foe to tyrants, and my country’s friend.
I am a foolish man, whom I leave behind.
It is a foolish thought to say sorry.
A fox when one has caught her and such a daughter should be slaughtered. If my cap is on my side I would buy a halter.
A friend of Antony’s.
A friend should be in a troubled position, but Brutus makes mine stronger than they are.
A friend?
A friend.
A friend would never see such faults.
I will have a sword and a sword outside. As many other mannish cowards have, they are swashing it with their emblances.
A gentle riddance. Draw the curtains, go.
A nice scroll.
Nurse, a gentleman who loves to hear himself talk, and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to speak in a month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind does not stooped to show up.
A good and virtuous nature can be a king in an imperial charge.
A good direction, warrior sovereign.
What a good example!
A good knave.
That is a good answer.
A good man’s fortune may be out of his heels.
It is a good thing.
It is not enough to speak, but to speak truely.
That is a good thing to note.
A good old commander and a very kind gentleman.
A good idea.
He is a good, sharp man.
A good, soft pillow would be a better choice than France’s sloppy turf.
A good quick simile, but something currish.
A good woman, give it to me.
It is a good place to live, with many wards and dungeons, Denmark being the worst.
A grandma’s name is more in love than a mother’s name.
A grave?
That is a big suspicion.
I will give my cousin a greater gift than I will give.
What is a greater gift?
A greater power than we can counterbalance has ruined our intentions.
You are a grievous man.
I am dying a sinless death.
A halter is free, nothing else, for God’s sake.
It is a terrible sight.
I am begging for a heavy summons, but I would not sleep.
It was a hit, a palpable hit.
This will be a holy day later.
A man with a horn is a monster and a beast.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse.
A drunken monster.
A hundred marks, my Kate puts her down.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous man, a jealous man!
A stool with a lid.
A nice night to everyone.
A king, a king!
Perhaps a king?
She was a beautiful woman, sir, though it was said to be like me.
Juliet lies here, and her beauty makes this vault a feasting place full of light.
A laugh.
A lean cheek, which you haven’t, a blue eye and sunken eye, which you haven’t.
It is a likely thing to happen if you find it in your room and do not know who it is now.
A lioness whelped in the streets, and graves yawned and yielded their dead.
A little water clears us of this deed.
A little bit.
A man to a man, filled with honorable virtues.
A love song, a love song.
A lover is more angry.
A sweet, sour gall.
A woman who is never bold is so quiet and still alive that her motion shakes her head.
A man is master of his freedom.
He can see how the world goes without any eyes.
He is no stronger than you or me, but he has grown as powerful as you, and as fearful as these strange events.
If you had a wife like that, he might say, “Wit, whither wilt?
He is a man, as you are.
A man, sir.
A man, young lady.
On top of our graves, I trust, we will witness the work of this day.
Come here, sir, and let me say a word in your ear.
A match!
A match!
A savage voice, as I am a knight.
A funny whoreson, ha!
A messenger from Caesar.
A messenger from the galleys.
A man of great power, coming from Pisa.
They are a powerful force.
What a miracle!
It is a monster, a very monster in clothing, and not like a gentleman’s sneer.
A more unhappy lady, if this is possible, she will be begging for both of them.
I have been reminiscing of his own memory.
What a miracle!
Margaret, it is a manly wit that will not hurt a woman.
I have seen him do miracle work for this good king since my stay here in England.
A poor, credulous monster. Well drawn, monster, in good sooth!
A poor man who has been tame to fortune’s blows, who is pregnant to good pity by being known and feeling sorrow.
A ridiculous monster, to wonder how a poor drunk is.
A very scurvy monster.
It is a very unhappy one.
A wicked Sir Oliver, Audrey, a vile martyr.
A night is only a small breath and a little time for answering questions of this importance.
A noble duke, as natural as in name.
A noble prisoner!
A noble ship of Venice has experienced a serious wreck and a wreck.
You have a lot of happiness to offer.
You sneering!
What a terrible boy!
A rotten schoolboy, not worthy of such honor, joined by a masker and a reveler.
A terrible thing to me.
A piece of him.
A piece of ice.
A piece of work that will make sick men happy.
A plague kills both your houses.
A plague kills both your houses.
A plague kills both your houses.
I am a tyrant I serve.
This wrath is over.
It is a plague on you all.
You all have a plague.
There is a play, my lord, about ten words long, which is as brief as I have known.
A pleasing, noble Buckingham, you have sent this letter to my sick heart.
A poor, unlucky beggar.
A poor virgin, a bad-wined thing, sir, but not my own.
A pound of man’s flesh is not as valuable and profitable as meat from muttons, beefs, or goats.
A pox on your bottle.
You are a bit like drowning yourself.
It is a privilege to never see me again.
He was a good man.
That is a good saying.
A fight, but nothing.
Is there already a fight?
You gods will give us faults to make us men.
Then the right one gets the most hit.
A good man!
He has a ring worth forty ducats, and he promised to give me a necklace for that.
A ripe age.
A Roman.
A sailors wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched up at them.
A second Daniel! A Daniel, Jew!
A segregation of the Turkish fleet.
A ship you sent me to, to hire a ship.
A two-hundred-year-old sibyl sewed the work in her prophetic fury.
A sick man with a sense of sadness makes his will, a word ill for a man who is so sick.
It is a terrible sight to see in a king’s eyes.
A simple countryman who brought her figs.
I am not a thing that wonders to hear you speak of Naples.
I beg you to find a sister whom no brother has ever loved so much.
A sleeve?
Your brains are useless, boiled in your skull. There are spells that have stopped. My eyes are not sociable to the show of yours.
A soothsayer asks you to beware of March 15th.
A southwest blow on you and blister you all at eleven oclock.
He is so ashamed of himself.
I am a spirit, but I am in that womb that I was part of.
A spirit, a spirit.
What is a spirit?
A stone-cutter or a painter could not have made him so sick as they were two years old.
A cup of wine!
What a strange fish!
A good-bye shines as brightly as a king until a king is here, and then his state is flooded.
A surgeon.
A sweet woman.
He is young, valiant, wise, and, without doubt, right.
A tailor made you.
A tailor makes a man?
What is going on for me?
A third of the king’s screams cannot be matched unless the devil himself turns a Jew.
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand thousand!
It is a thousand times worse to want your light.
A thousand, sir, have riveted their hats and at the port expect you.
A tomb must cover your sweet eyes.
I admit it.
I hope I can use it with a good conscience.
A traveler.
That is a truant disposition, my lord.
He is a trusty villain that often times when I am dulled by his merry screams.
A few minutes later I will walk to my heart.
What a velvet dish!
A vengeful hide!
He is a dishonest, prankstery boy, and more cowardly than a hare.
A very good way, but there is no friend like that.
That is a fine thing.
A very forward, forward, and a savage fool!
A very gentle beast, with a good conscience.
He is very handsome.
He is as honest and poor as the king.
That is a very mean word.
It is a very pleasing night for honest men.
A very weak monster.
A victory is twice as important when the winner brings home full numbers.
A wandering knight?
I am a whole bunch of people.
A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
He is a worthy pioneer.
He was a wreck past hope.
We are a wretched soul, bruised by adversity.
Take the edge of the traitors, gracious Lord, who would make poor England cry again in streams of blood.
Do not get out of here, but do not go.
A cruel slave, which you cannot take any kind of good, capable of all evil.
It is a terrible villain.
Stay inside.
Take it away, for shame.
Abominable villain!
She gave me a ring of gold, a paltry ring she gave me, whose posy was for all the world like a knife’s poetry, “Love and do not leave me.”
Read it and write “happy” when you are done.
I am talking about it.
About ninth hour, lady.
The wind is faster than the wind, and Helena of Athens looks like you.
Until then, my lord.
About!
I am still in good health, but I am still in good health.
Accost, Sir Andrew, accosts.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Tell her about my son Paris’s love here, and tell her to come see me on Wednesday.
Eight thousand four hundred knights, squires, and gallant gentlemen, five hundred of whom were dubbed knights yesterday.
I have added so much to that.
Adieu, adieu, adieu.
Farewell, farewell!
Please be vigilant, I beg you.
Farewell, Monsieur Melancholy.
Farewell, good neighbor.
Farewell, good Queen.
Good-bye, so our old robes are easier to sit on than our new ones are.
Farewell, noble Agrippa.
Farewell, until you return at night.
Farewell!
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Adultery?
Advantage is a better soldier than a rash man.
Tell the duke where you are going, to prepare for the worst.
Tell your fellows so.
Ask.
Affection does not come from the heart.
Affection!
I will beat him in a bit of time.
After dinner, you will be told.
After her, after her.
Twenty thousand crowns have been destroyed.
After such a long time of grief, such a beautiful celebration!
Let George Stanley die after the battle.
Again!
It is not natural to see why this is so stupid.
Is it against my brother Lucius?
Why are you trying to make my soul wander in a strange place?
I have been told to come in to dinner.
I have been told to come in to dinner.
Age cant get her, and her infinite variety cannot be stale.
Age, you are shamed.
Ah ha!
God, if my prayers cant help you, you will be punished for my misdeeds.
Ah, me!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh Buckingham, now I am trying to figure out if you are a good man.
I think he is better than I say, and I wish he looked worse in others eyes.
Cut my lace asunder so my penthouse heart can have some room to breathe.
If I am right, let heaven produce hail and poison it, and the first hailstone drops in my neck.
Desdemona, away, away, away!
Do not tear yourself away from me.
My husband, my dear Edward.
Our father, Clarence.
Yes, good Demetrius, will you give him me?
My lord, this prince is not an Edward.
He is young, and Richard Gloucester is backed by his minority.
How much would the man from me get?
If you are a little more happy than mine and you are more capable of blaming it, then you will sweeten this neighbor with your breath.
Let’s go, let’s go!
Luciana, did he tempt you like that?
Oh, my back, my back!
What have I seen tonight?
My poor princes!
My sweet babes, my unblown flowers, my sweets.
Poor heart, he is so shaken by a thorny worm that it is terribly sad to see him.
Ah, Rosencrantz!
Yes, sir, a person would think that is a good thing.
Yes, soldier!
That good Kent said it would be like that poor, banished man.
That is a bad thing.
You should have done it, and not have done it.
You spelled it!
Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father he is.
Ah, goodbye!
Where is my servant? Give me some vitae. These griefs, these sorrows, these sorrows make me old.
Women, women!
Aha!
I do not know you, young gentleman.
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go.
Oh, that is him.
Oh, sorry for the day!
I do not like this unnatural deal.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Thank you for your mercy.
Oh, sorry!
I love myself.
That is not your fault, my lord.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, our moon is now eclipsed, and it is only about the fall of Antony.
Oh, poor gentleman!
He is insane, sir.
Yes, sir, I am blind.
You cannot see your way, sir.
What a heinous sinner I am having to be ashamed of being my father’s child.
What is this noise?
What trouble did I have for you?
Why?
Oh, for you both, Edward and Clarence.
What should I do to win my lord back?
Please, do not work so hard now.
It did.
Oh, that is the day!
Oh, that is the day!
Oh, that is the day!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, and I am so sorry.
Help, gentlemen! Help, gentlemen!
Oh, good Cassio!
Oh, good gentleman!
I will not bet you, Kate, because I know you are young and light. Too light for a swain as you can catch.
Oh, he is fainting!
Alas, he has been snuck out of his tray and I have retreated.
Alas, he is too young.
How can I answer this bloody deed?
Alas, I am the mother of these griefs.
Alas, I hate myself more than I hate myself for the hateful deeds I have committed.
I sent Dromio to redeem you, who came in front of me for it.
I spent a lot of time studying it, and it is poetic.
Iago, my lord, has thrown her so despite and terribly on her, that true hearts cant bear it.
Malvolio, this is not my writing, though, as I admit, I am like the character.
My wife is dead tonight.
My lord, your wisdom is consumed with confidence.
Oh, poor man!
Oh, poor country!
Poor ghost!
Poor Harry of England!
Alas, poor, hurt fowl, now he will creep into sedges.
I think she loves me, poor rogue.
Poor Romeo.
Poor shepherd, I have found my own wounds.
She has been too long chasing from France, and her husbandry is lying on heaps, causing her to be ill.
Please be patient.
I have bills for Florence’s money, and I have to deliver them here.
They are old enough to die when they are finished.
The storm is coming again.
I love people who are cloying and revolting, but I love people who are not expressing their emotions.
Well, then she is drowned.
You misconstrued everything.
We arrived too soon.
What is that cry?
What danger will we have to travel so far, as if we were the Maids?
What does this gentleman think?
What kind of ignorant sin have I committed?
What is the matter?
Who knows?
Why are you so gnawing?
Why would you heap all this attention on me?
You do not know.
Oh, no!
You deserve praise, applause, and love, but now the duke misunderstands all you have done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his wraths and wraths and wraths and moods and displeasures and indignations.
Alexas!
You are alive in triumph, and Mercutio is dead!
All your blessed secrets, all your unpublished virtues of the earth, come back with my tears.
All the sailors were plunging in the foamy brine and leaving the vessel.
All except Metellus Cimber, and he has gone to find you at your house.
All of you come to this?
You can comfort yourself in the dark night, noble father-in-law.
All dead.
All the gossip, with his servant Pindarus on this hill.
All eyes!
All for our benefit.
We are not here for your pleasure.
All hail, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
All hell will be involved in this.
Everything is just toys.
All this is confirmed, my lord.
All is lost.
It is not good.
Everything is fear, and nothing is love, as little is wisdom.
All lost.
All could be good enough.
All may be good, but if God sorts it out, it is more than we deserve or I expect.
All men call you a savage man.
I hope all men will live as they do.
All men’s faces are true, and they are doing what they do.
All my pretty ones?
All my reports are based on the modest truth, and neither more nor clipped, but so.
I am all alone.
We all have reason to be silent, but none of us can help us get hurt by wailing our stars.
The offices are open all day, and there is a feast from five oclock until eleven.
All other devils who suggest treason are scolding their damnation with patches of pity, and colors, and forms.
I will stop all ports.
All right.
Friendship of schooldays, innocence of childhood?
I can send out plenteous tears to drown the world, because I am governed by the watery moon.
Strange and terrible events are welcome, but we are afraid.
All of us are in control.
All those who follow their noses are led by their eyes, but blind men can smell him.
All that glitters are not gold. You have often heard that.
I have to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon, I am the man in the moon, this thornbush is my thornbush
I will tell you all that the duke has sat there.
Everything is ruined.
I will be with all who served Brutus.
All the better.
All the conspirators, except he did, were jealous of great Caesar.
The whole East, say you will call her hero.
All the perfumes of Arabia wont make this little hand look so sweet.
All the most beautiful pictures are black to Rosalind.
His wits have given way to his impatience.
The whole world wants her.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women are just actors.
You are all right.
All these old witnesses, I cannot err. Tell me you are my son Antipholus.
Everything is ready if our minds are so.
All things in common should be produced without effort or sweat.
Everything will be good.
Everything is more chastized than it is enjoyed.
I cannot believe all this, until I tell you a lot about Hero’s death.
What is going on?
All this is done, and you will return to Pompey’s porch, where you will find us.
All this is comforting news.
All this is true, but what about it, my lord?
My sister is all this, or else she should be.
What is all this?
All three of us are married in a moment.
All three of them are desperate.
All your other titles are the ones that you have been given away.
Is it all your tediousness?
All this trouble, excitement, and excitement await here.
The Moor is defective in everything.
I will be praying for you all the time before the gods.
All that we pine for now.
Everything will be good.
I will meet you all so I can make it fit.
Heaven, what a great world this is.
All, everyone.
All right?
It is just a naughty thing.
It is a terrible thing.
It is still hushed up like midnight.
It is all right.
All right, sweetheart, come to bed. I will be your surgeon.
All is well.
I am afraid to know it.
It is almost morning, which is what it is.
I was alone, that was the subject of my theme.
Along with them, they brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced villain, a simple anatomy, a juggler, a needy fortuneteller.
King Lewis the Tenth, who was sole heir to the French colony, couldn’t keep quiet until he realized that the fair Queen Isabel, his grandmother
I hate her, but I will not hurt her.
Even though I am happy with you, I am not happy with this contract tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Welcome, gentlemen.
Am I Dromio?
Am I in heaven, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I interested in a man like that?
Am I myself?
Isn’t she better than me?
I am not staying for you, Cinna.
Isn’t that what I am waiting for?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name?
Am I the one who caused these tears?
Am I your bird?
Am I your servant?
I am Christopher Sly, son of old Sly of Burton Heath.
Am I your Rosalind?
Get rid of the welkin with your broken hats.
Ambassadors from Harry, king of England, want to speak to your Majesty.
I would rather sneer at it than sneer.
Amen to that.
Amen to that.
Amen to that.
Amen to you, if you love her, because she is worthy of you.
Amen to that.
Amen, with all my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen.
It must be brave, because I hate politics.
If it were me, I would be mad at it.
An abominable monster!
An adder did it, because you serpent, never stung an adder.
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
An apple is cleft in two, and not more twin than these two creatures.
An eagle, madam, is not as green, as quick, and as green as a man is.
An Englishman?
An evil soul who is a holy witness is like a villain with a smiling face, and a good apple rotten at the heart.
If he did, it would be a scold to hang him.
If he says anything against me, I will take him down, if he is more lustful than he is, and twenty such Jacks.
He is an honest man, and he hates the slime that sticks to filthy deeds.
He is honest and clear, and he is going to speak truthfully.
It is best to tell the truth.
If I do not, let’s see what happens.
If I had been a man of any occupation, if I hadn’t taken him at all, I would go to hell among the rogues.
If I can hide my face, let me play Thisbe too.
If I could live to see you marry once, I have my wish.
If I were so eager to fight like you, anyone would buy the basic wage of my life for an hour and a quarter.
If he has not fought with him, my lord, let’s not live in France.
If he hears you, you will anger him.
Is it any offense, sir?
If I could, what can I get from that?
If the wind blows any way from the shore, I will not harbor tonight in this town.
If they live, I hope I do not have to worry about them.
If you could, you could not make him live.
If you plead as well for them as I can say no to you, then we will make it a happy issue.
If your wife is not a madwoman, and you know how much I deserve the ring, she will not be able to keep an enemy from giving it to me forever.
An interlude!
I am a very welcoming person, but I think it is modest.
If it had not fallen flat for a long time.
Tell me, how is your cousin?
A oath of sanity will be made, and the fury will abate.
An oath, an oath, an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is not as kind as a boy.
If you want your Majesty to answer for it, if there is any martial law in the world.
Please, Brakenbury, you can listen to anything we say.
If the duke had not paid him sixp a day for playing Pyramus, I would be hanged.
If there is any chance of success, call me.
If they are not, let them hang themselves in their own cloaks.
If they take it, then.
If you had been in charge of that matter, you would have well deserved it.
If you let it go, Sir Andrew, you would never have to put your sword back on you again.
If you make a bunch of jokes about us, you will hear nothing but discords.
An illegal kiss!
If we do not, it is a pity for us to live.
If you are mine, I will give you to my friend.
If you lie, we will have you whipped.
If you love me, let’s do it.
If you were to do that, my mistress, I would never have to do that.
If you do not want to be able to answer your questions, I have to die.
If your lady wants it to be as good as it should be, then you have to read the rest of your mind.
You cannot please your Honor, players who offer your service to your Lordship.
If you are not your Majesty, you are the one I should fight with, if he is alive.
What is this man doing?
It is a pity that the Moor’s poor fortune could be a threat to his own life.
You wore a necklace about his neck.
She is a good soldier, lady.
A goose for his sake.
I am a true lover of the holy Church.
He came here so sadly.
For Hecuba!
And all my armor was put in my tent?
And all my children?
It is all better for the maid.
I believe in everything, and I am interested in it.
I am revenged.
A bad singer, my lord.
A new storm is coming, and I hear it in the wind.
Are you my husband?
And scolde you, witch, scolde you!
You have changed?
Are you alive, Stephano?
As I said, go with me to my house, and I will bring you to hear my lord speak.
I will join you in wooing her, as I wooed her to be found, to shame her.
As our vineyards, fallows, meadows, and hedges grow to wildness, as our houses and children have lost or not
As he grows older, his mind becomes squeezing.
I do not want any dowry except for her.
When she was here recently, she gave her strange gifts and most speaking looks to noble Edmund.
I am bad enough to bury my love.
Be a happy mother by doing so.
Are all traitors doing so?
You will find a difference between the two kings he has made in his old age and the one he has made in his old age.
Do not be fooled by our demands.
Do not be jealous of me, noble Brutus.
Have you asked him to pardon?
Benedick is not the worst husband I know.
Tell her to come here.
I am a good mother, and I am in a hurry.
And buried, noble Tyrrel?
If I am not fooled, Signior Baptista may remember me in Genoa, where we were lodgers at the Pegasus, almost twenty years ago.
If my noble Moor is as intelligent as his own mind, he would be ill-tempered.
I hope to encourage the youth to give it a reply.
I will tell you how much she wants to do him good.
Caesar will go out.
Didn’t I come to comfort you last night?
Why did he scolde this confusion, grating so harshly throughout his quiet days with a dangerous lunacy?
Cassio was killed!
And Cassius too.
Come with naked swords.
Are you coming with “knocking at the gate”?
Come with me, and bring Messala with you immediately to us.
He cried out, “Tarry, my cousin Suffolk.
And cross-gartered?
Death is not Romeo, take my bridehead.
I left in a rage.
She scolded me there.
Didn’t they put on my forehead this wreath of victory and asked me to give it to you?
Did they ask you to tell her about it, madam?
Did you leave him alone in this room?
Did you see the handkerchief?
And die in music.
That is what happened.
She died on Viola’s thirteenth birthday.
What is the sex of a man?
Do it with all your heart.
I swear by these thieves and thieves.
Have you planted flowers in Pompey’s way now?
Is it a breed of affection?
She will not doubt her, but she will excuse why the doors are closed against you.
The power of earth is like God’s power when the mercy seasons justice.
If I take this charm from her sight, I can take it with another herb and make her render her page to me.
I love you more for that.
Now, but now, this house, these servants, and this same myself are yours.
If he shakes me off and asks me to divorce me, I will always love him.
Every thing that could make me fear my actions without a doubt would make me sad.
She is, if my eyes are full.
And good words to them.
It is false.
I am alone to be a felicitate for your dear highness’s love.
He fixed his eyes on you?
Let me be Cassio’s spokesman.
For his cowardly attitude, ask Fabian.
I wonder if he is so simple to trust the mockery of unquiet slumbers.
Because I know that she loves music, music, and poetry, I will keep my house full of schoolmasters who will teach her youth.
I would not laugh for my own part because I am afraid of opening my lips and getting the bad air.
I beg you, for my love, not to hurt me.
I will eat them so well, they will go far with little.
My name is George.
For my sister and her princely sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our blood, which, as you know, must be spilt in unjust fashion.
I will be as good as my word for what I promised you.
If you are a Jew, do not let it be your love.
For the better part, tell them that I am not Pyramus, but Bottom is the weaver.
The rest of the fleet, which I splintered, have all reunited again and are heading home to Naples.
For the sake of them, you are sad for, do me the best thing to dilate in full what has happened between you and them until now.
For their sake, let this acceptance happen in your fair mind.
For three months.
He is friends with Caesar.
I will have to make sure all these doubts are resolved.
From now on, when you are spending time with your Brutus, he will think your mother is a scold, and leave you so.
From her womb, many of us sucking on her natural bosom, many for many excellent qualities, none but for some and yet for all different reasons.
I am so glad you have been there.
God forbid, my dear and faithful lord, that you fashion, bow, or bow your reading, or that you nicely charge your understanding soul with
The eyes of the king will never see the golden Phoebus again.
Good monsieur, do not break the honey-sac.
Have you challenged me?
He has resigned with almost all the holy vows of heaven.
Do we have affections, and a sense of frailty, as men have?
You have mercy, too.
After we have brought our treasure wherever we want it, we will take him down his own grave and turn him off like an empty ass to shake his ears and graze in
He told us to go to the temple.
He is a paramour for his sweet voice.
The man who has commanded is our king.
If he does not follow Bourbon now, let him go, and with his hand in hand, hold the door while he is contaminated with a slave.
He is gone.
Her sister is poisoned by her sister.
Here I am, and I am in this wood, because I cannot meet my Hermia.
Here he stands.
I am guilty of it, and I am excused.
Here is much Orlando.
Here is my mistress.
Here is all your power.
And here will rest me.
Here is a wonderful place to perform.
Here is another woman, whose sane eyes proclaim what she makes of her heart.
Here is another poem, in my cousin’s handwriting, stoln from her pocket, containing her affection for Benedick.
Yes, and his father too.
His kissing is as sanctious as the touch of holy bread.
His jealousy is a mistake. How are you, lieutenant?
How are you doing?
How are you going here?
How do you feel about your own good luck?
How is she?
How are you living with this shepherd?
How long is that, do you think?
How did that get started?
I do not know how to see you, but I think you look like other women.
I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I.
I am sick when I do not look at you.
If my hair tickles me, I will scratch it.
I am sure she is doing it.
I am Rosalind.
I am so tired of disasters, wrought with fortune, that I would give my life any chance to do it or get rid of it.
I am another.
I love Hastings with my heart.
I beg you to come back tomorrow.
I beg you to visit my son, who has been sexy for too long.
I believe your Majesty does not take any scorn to wear the leek on Saint Tavy’s Day.
I hope good days and long to see.
I know that they are waiting for me on the porch of Pompey’s porch.
I am sure they say, “It is a sweet comedy.” No more words.
I think she is thirty.
I believe that this brain of mine is not as sure of the cause of Hamlet’s slut.
I will fix her with a love eye.
I am for Ganymede.
I do not want to be a woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I have been trying to avoid him all day.
I have built two chantries where sad and solemn priests sing for Richard.
I have heard Apollodorus carry. What, please?
I have met a gentleman who promised to help me find a musician who instructed our mistress to perform.
I have reason for it.
I am not ready to go.
I do not know what is going on in the search.
I know, my lord, if law, authority, and power do not deny it, it will go hard with poor Antonio.
I am mine.
I must be away from here.
I have to go to the sea to send me wheat to Rome.
I hope they will leave soon.
Please tell me, which of my bad things first did you fall in love with me?
I remember kissing her batler, and the cow’s dugs that her pretty, chopped hands had milked.
I remember the wooing of a peasant instead of her, from which I took two ounces of water and gave her them again, crying, “Wear these for my sake.”
I am helping the fairy queen to dew her orbs on the green.
I will love you.
This is his house.
I was going to your house, Cassio.
I will purge your mortal grossness so that you will go like a sane spirit.
I will sing it in the latter part of a play before the duke.
I am with him.
I wish I could find out that I had no heart, because I do not love anyone.
I am satisfied, and I am well paid.
If I were apt and ready to rest, a thousand deaths would happen.
I am, my lord.
I am my royal sovereign.
I do.
I do.
I will be wise here and seek out my grace.
I will go to bed at noon.
I will sleep.
I will forget to make my home any other than this.
If I cannot, I will find those who can.
If it does not work well, you can hide her in some reclusive and religious life, out of her tongues, and in her mind.
If that is true, as you do, please, keep me in my purse, my person, my extremist means, and Lie all over your days.
If he does not deserve it on earth, he should not come to heaven.
If you are a king of mountains, let them throw millions of acres on us, till our ground is sung against the burning zone.
If your poor servant can only beg one favor at your gracious hand, you will forever confirm his happiness.
If our navy survives tomorrow, I hope our landmen will stand up.
If you leave me like this, you are wrong.
If you wronged us, shouldn’t we get revenge?
If your love can be sad, hang her an epitaph on her grave and sing it to her bones.
In the same way as in the same assemblies.
In good time, here comes the sweaty lord.
In good time, the lieutenant comes.
In good time, here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke.
He is, in part, but not well.
In the morning and in the morning young men are dying.
I will take you to your ship and then to Naples, where I hope to see this dearly loved one marry.
We will both fly to Belmont early in the morning.
I am sure Lorenzo isn’t aboard their ship.
I became my father with his bleeding rings, their precious stones lost, and he was his guide, led him, begged for him, and saved him from despair.
Indeed, our achievements are derived from them, even if they were high, and they are a result of our reputation.
The groans groaned him, and the big round tears slowed.
Isn’t it damning to let this savage fool become more evil?
Is he a man who wants to meet Tybalt?
Isn’t it good for a sweet goose?
Is it physically possible to walk unbracened and suck up the humor of the morning?
Is it that?
Isn’t a mutton’s grease as wholesome as a man’s sweat?
It is marveling that he is out of his hour, because lovers run before the clock.
It is very sad, Brutus, that you do not have any mirrors that will turn your hidden worth into your eyes so you can see your shadow.
A jealous Oberon would have the child to take care of the wild forests.
Joy comes in such a difficult time.
Now you know it: the senate has decided to give the mighty Caesar a crown today.
He put the juice of love on some true love’s eyes.
And Launcelot, you will soon be able to see Lorenzo at supper.
The Jew may be able to claim a pound of flesh to be cut off by him near the merchant’s heart.
And leave you out?
Leave us, Publius, so that the people who rush us should do something bad in your old age.
Let her speak of me before her father.
Let him hold his fingers like this, and Pyramus and Thisbe will whisper through that slut.
Let him sing his music.
Let his knights have a colder mind among you.
I would rather be soaked in wine than be soaked in a meal of sour wine.
Do not let anyone do this except us, the doers.
Let our hearts, like gentlemen, stir up their servants to a rage and then appear to chide them.
Let the wise man run away.
The clowns who play your games speak no more than they are supposed to be.
Let’s do it without any fear, and with no more than if we heard that England was busied with a
Let’s swear we have got our resolution.
And kings to the Dane.
Look for it to be delivered with kindness.
When I am king, you will be king of Hereford, and all the possessions of the king my brother was.
Look at a prayer book in your hand and stand between two priests.
Look, where Publius is coming to fetch me.
And lovers’ absences are more tedious than the dial eight times.
And made your other love, Demetrius, who shook me with his foot even more?
The kings call it “love-in-idleness.” Give me that flower.
And make him break his faith with a fair amount of love, with Ariadne and Antiopa?
Can’t young men as well as old die?
You can prove to yourself that you are a master of your art.
And may I, but how?
You can, through all the world!
And me too, Lord.
I am a hundred and forty years old.
I will.
I am not sure, but I am getting worse.
I will eke out hers.
Two hundred.
Most chirurgeonly.
My dear actors, do not eat any onions or garlic, because we are utterly sweet.
Most poor things are about to reach rich ends.
Should she die for this?
Should all of them be hanged, who swear and lie?
My heart.
I will help you.
My trust was as great as my trust was, and it was not bound.
And neigh like a horse, bark like a hound, a hog, a bear, and roar like a fire like a fox.
I would not take a savage but the two rings.
He could not keep his part until he is willing to.
Ever since the middle of the summer, we have been on a hill, in dale, forest, or meadow, by a fountain
Do not scold a scold of “Tranio” in your mouth.
Nothing is still good.
You can sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies, enchanting everything you put in.
Now, tell me your story.
Now that I think about it, she first told me you were insane, smiled, and in the form of a letter.
Now that I have the boy, I will end up with this ugly eye-strength.
I will do it now.
Now I think about it.
Now they are strouting their way backward, bearing with frankness their intentions toward Cyprus.
Now we talk about our French causes.
Now who knows whether I am yours?
Now you know my meaning.
Now, my friends, my scholars, and my soldiers, my good friends, give me one poor request.
Please explain to me your reason for causing this storm.
Oh, you mortal engines, whose rude throats the immortal Jove’s dead clamors are fake. Goodbye!
I am in love with ginger.
And of women.
I will find some reason to do that.
On the answer, he pays you as much as your feet hit the ground they step on.
Two of them are Deformed.
Only in that safe way died her brothers.
You are more wrong when you ask me what I am saying than if you had scolded all I have.
I will patch up these scars, and I swear I got them in the Gallia wars.
I have done this deed on Caesar.
Let’s pluck the wings from painted butterflies to fan moonbeams from his eyes while he sleeps.
He locked himself up in his bedroom, shuts his windows, and locks out the daylight, making himself an artificial night.
I said that in Aleppo, where a malignant, turbaned Turk beat a Venetian, I took the state by the throat and
You say that exile is not death.
My second father, this lady, makes him to me.
Did I ever seem like that to you?
Should I just marry hell?
Will our blood, spirited by wine, be frosty?
We will, or some of us will be smart for it.
Yes, sir.
She is as in love as she is, and she is less likely to meet her lover.
She can cry, sir.
She is down at twelve.
She is very smart.
She is mine, and I am giving her all my rights to Demetrius.
She is beautiful, I love her.
She is very obedient, as you say.
Since the fight is not going to be colorless, it is time to say that what he is doing would run to these and these extremes.
Since you know you cannot see yourself as well as by reflection, I will be able to find out what you do not know.
And that is what I am saying.
That is true, madam.
That is true, sir.
I am for no woman.
I am for Rosalind.
I am revenged.
I am, because I have to ask young Claudio to be reckoned for it.
And so did I.
I do, lieutenant.
And so do I.
And mine.
And so will Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, and so will happen to some men who think themselves as safe as you and I, who are
I am glad it did, as I am a fan of this.
I have done everything I could to prove it.
Goodbye.
Farewell, Signior Lucentio.
Goodbye, Heatherina. You can stay, because I have more to share with Bianca.
Good morning to everyone.
And so did I, but for the sake of fashion, I thank you for your society.
Mine did.
I have said that.
He fell.
He is going to heaven.
I am, I am.
I will catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter part, and she will be blind too.
I think so, in all respects.
That is true, and it is well discharged.
That is true.
That is true.
He is, my dear madam.
That is true for all men.
He is always a good man.
And then, then, do you return?
I am sure I will.
She did.
She does, cousin.
I swear.
The lion disappeared.
That is what they are.
They sat down.
We will, if he wins her.
And so will I.
And so will I.
Goodbye.
God be with him.
And so, good Capulet, which is the name I love as much as my own name.
He is snucking his head.
Please, call Beatrice.
That is true, my lord, adieu.
Without any money or a little more wit, return to Venice again.
I am sure we will shake hands and part.
Some have greatness thrust on them.
Sometimes she is tickling a pig’s tail, ticking a parson’s nose, and then he dreams of another good.
When she drinks, I bob up her lips and pour the ale on her withered dewlap.
And then, smothering the sand in the sea, bring forth more islands.
And speak it again, my lord.
Can you speak parrot?
And squabbling?
Be over and over again, in love and service to you evermore.
Stay, Nurse.
I will make the loss so dear that it will be much weaker than you will comfort me, since I have lost my daughter.
Take good care of what Caesar does, what demands from the judge.
Tell me, dear friend, what kind of happy verona has you come here?
Tell the Dauphin his wit will savor only when thousands more scream than they laughed at it.
The terms are compulsive, and it is the land lost by his father.
Did it not work?
The magic sleights that are brewing will create such artificial sprites that they will confuse him.
Let me show you that I am him.
That is Claudio.
The most important thing to consider is the beauty of his daughter.
He is hurling on you for false forswear and murder.
That would be enough to hang us all.
If he were so generous, he would, because he was given the power to sports, fun, and company.
If I sleep or eat, it would be deadly sickness or death.
That is what you want me to do.
That is not wholesome food, they say.
That is true too.
The best thing about me is that I am diligent.
The business you have done here cannot be without you, especially the business of Cleopatra, which is entirely dependent on your home.
And the creature ran away from the frightened sheep?
I think the time is coming to give him a hearing.
And the queen too, and that is now.
The most beautiful people in the world.
Its tears are wet.
Their tongues rot, which speak against us.
And then Pyramus came.
Give them great food like beef and iron and steel, and they will fight like wolves and fight like devils.
He pulled a dial from his poke and, if you look at it with a lackluster eye, says wisely, “ten oclock.
He offered it the third time.
The clerk, who took some time to write, begged me.
Then the justice, in a fair and round belly with a good capon lined, with eyes severe and beard of formal cut, full of wise saws and modern instances.
Then the moon, like a silver bow, will behold the night of our solemnity.
As we have sat in the sacrament, we will unite the white rose and the red.
I hope you are satisfied.
He does this, he does that. What was I about to say?
And then?
We will then go out of Athens to find new friends and strangers.
What is the worst form of nonsense that could make you angry and angry?
There is a man, the prince of Morocco, who is telling the prince that his master will be here tonight.
She will be married at Friar Lawrence’s cell.
The snake lays out her skin, weeding enough wide to wrap a fairy in.
There were a hundred ghastly women, dressed in fear, who swore they saw men in fire walk up and down the streets.
That is what it is called a sensible story.
Give it a good welcome as a stranger.
So hurry away, because we have to reach twenty miles today.
Is he still idle?
That is why he is a child of love, because he is so ill.
That is why I have painted Cupid blind.
Tell me, dear Katherine, will you have me?
I will come.
So, good Grumio, I will tell you the news.
Please, tell me news.
She will be wise, fair, and true.
Since I cannot be a lover in this witty way, I am determined to be a villain and hate the idle pleasures of these days.
That is how he was.
She is asking for warnings and threats and imminent evils, and on her knee she begged me to stay home today.
You have little precepts to remember.
They are gone.
They have been kings since Noah’s sailor.
They have conspired.
The most disgusting people are going to laugh.
This cuff was just to knock at your ear and beg you to see what is going on.
This may help you thicken other proofs that show little.
This life, exempt from public haunts, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in everything.
This report has exasperated the king so much that he is ready for a war.
This is the result of our debate, from our dissension.
You have done well in this way.
This is Metellus Cimber.
That is it.
I will go straight to see him.
The people who leave their valiant bones in France, buried in your dunghills will be famous for their bravery.
You must be a fool in the dark if they did not think I was dead and think I was dead.
You are not in the mood for any place except hell.
You, thunder, slap the world with a thick rotundity, crack the molds of nature, and spill all the germens that make a man sick.
Even though I am making this marriage for my peace, I am in the East.
She is fierce, even though she is little.
Even if we give this man these honors, he will bear them as the ass bears gold, and groan and sweat under the business
Even though you know that my love and inwardness are very close to the Prince and Claudio, I will do this secretly and justly as your soul should with your body.
They thought Margaret was Hero?
He will do it for a while.
That is what it may be.
She says, videlicet, what is the message of my love?
Your fall has left a blot to mark the frightened man and bestowed with some suspicion.
Your father was the Duke of Milan, and you were his only heir and princess.
I will tell you, until she comes, as true as I am to heaven, how I slander my blood to your grave ears.
She was the fairest creature in the world, but she is inferior to none.
Time is at its peak.
I am not in perfect mood.
To run away from the Jew, I should be ruled by the devil himself.
To see how he treats your wife like a foolish woman.
To sink in it, you are in love.
To that end, we wished your Lordship would avoid the carping world.
I will be glad to see you.
I cannot believe that the athenian law cant take us.
Too soon are those who have made it so early.
Trinculo is ripe.
She is, as she has proved.
Trust me, love, you do.
The sun turns to the shade.
Twenty of these lies I will tell you, that men will swear I have been deprived of school for more than a twelve month period.
And unrespective boys.
Did you try to intimidate yourself with a swine and rogue forlorn in a short and musty straw?
We thought it was our duty to tell you about it.
We mean well in going to this mask, but it is not a good idea to go.
We understand very well that he comes to us with our wilder days, not how we used them.
We will hear it.
We will change your wages.
We will go like friends.
We will ship there. Would you go with the princes or stay here with us?
We will be locked up in a walled prison of great men who ebb and flies by the moon.
Now you cry, as high as heaven itself.
Welcome is more common than anything else, because that is nothing but words.
Welcome, welcome!
If the king were on it, what would I do?
What do you want to do for us?
What are you doing, idol ceremony?
What do you mean by the traitors who have been thrown into the kingdom?
What can I give you back, whose worth could counterpoenase this precious and rich gift?
What are kings that private men have not too much?
What hope is that?
What is this noise?
What about all this?
What about him?
What about him?
What other oath than honesty is owed to honesty, that this is, or we will fall for it?
What did he say?
What did Surrey say?
What do you say to my love?
What does my hidden wife say about our ruined love?
What should I do in Illyria?
They might incite him to think he is afraid, since he is apt to have his ear abused.
What are you talking about?
What are you going to do now?
What will you do when you have spent that money?
I beg you to take it for your own fault and not mine, because if you were the one I took you for, I would not have
Who is the man who says I am the villain?
What is her story?
What is the news, cousin Lodovico?
What I have done from my depising time is bitterness.
Whatever happens tonight, do not say anything.
When are you going to leave?
When he saw my spirits, scolded on my right side, fought, or ghasted by the noise I made, he suddenly fled.
When I do, I swear that it will be Romeo, whom you know I hate, rather than Paris.
When I have my sword, I will go away, because this will go away and then I will not stay.
When I stol on my sons-in-law, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
When I hold my hand, do the same, to fall it on Gonzalo.
When I die, take him and cut him out in tiny stars, and he will make the face of heaven so beautiful that the whole world will fall in love with the night and not worship the sun
When I told you he was a good man, you cried, “Indeed?” And you sat and pursed your forehead as if you had shut up your brain
When do you want to say that?
When will you see him again?
When she is froward, sour, and not obedient to his honest wishes, what is she like to be a rebel and a graceless traitor?
When she put it on my face, she made me vow to either sell it, give it away or lose it.
When she speaks, isn’t she sad to love?
When she weeps, every little flower weeps, blaming some chastity.
When she left now, she said, “Look at this fellow.” “Fellow!” Not “Malvolio,” but “fellow.”
When that time comes, make me mock, do not pity me, as I will not pity you until that time.
When the lightning blue appeared to open the breast of heaven, I showed myself in the hope and flash of it.
When the mind is quickened out of doubt, the bodies, though they have been dead before, break up their drowsy grave and move slowly, with a
When did he want to wash his face?
When you do, Cassius, be happy.
When your honors mean to honor the people who are faithful to me, I beg you to marry me.
Where the worse is predominant, death soon kills that plant.
Where is Cordelia?
Why are you gentle, strong, and valiant?
Why does Lysander refuse to love you, as rich as his soul, and to love you as tender as I love you?
While you are a man of plain and uncoined constance, dear Kate, you are taking a fellow who is always a good man.
Who is England’s king but great York’s heir?
Why not wait a minute?
Why should Caesar be a tyrant?
Why, wisdom, why?
Why do they have to?
Will she still look at me, who shook the crown of this sweet prince and made her widow to a miserable bed?
Will you give me permission?
Will you use our ancient love asunder to join men in making your poor friend beggar?
Will you be married under a bush like a beggar?
Do you want to have me?
I wanted to see you covered with cross-gartered hair.
With my hand, I am sure I will love you.
With the juice of this book, I will streak her eyes and make her full of hateful fantasies.
Yesterday the night bird was sitting on the marketplace, screaming and choking.
At dinner, yesternight, you walked around and sighed and musked, with your arms crossed.
But you are still complaining of obstruction?
I see that people who suffer too much are as sick as people who suffer too much.
I am wrong to think about it, because you are a man of bravery.
I wish for what I have.
I would not be you, uncle.
It is dangerous to make him feel even more guilty of losing his time.
It is not, it is.
I will not want my sky.
It is not far from a bird, who lets it hop a little from his hand, like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, and then pries it back
It does not matter.
She will kneel and pray, I have seen her do it.
You are still helping me out of fighting.
To win her, the whole world must be destroyed.
I swear by the screams of humour, I am not that I am playing.
To tell you the truth, reason and love keep little in common today.
And a tall, barking dog.
And then, Caesar.
As you all know, security is mortals’ biggest enemy.
You are coming in a very happy time to send my greetings to the senators and tell them I will not come today.
You are well met, Signior Hortensio.
You are on land.
You are on land.
You have to cut the flesh from his breast.
You will be satisfied.
You will speak in the same pulpit as me, after my speech has ended.
And you, noble Hero?
Thank you, sir.
You, fair sister.
Thank you, sir.
You, good yeoman, who made limbs in England, show us the mud of your pond.
You, sir, were arrested for this necklace.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Your experience makes you sad.
Now your horse would make him an ass.
Your reports have set the murder on motion.
You give Helena to me, whom I love and will do until I die.
Romeo ran away when he fell.
If we have unarrogant luck now to escape the serpent’s tongue, we will make some changes a long time later.
The ten to one man who looked at me killed you two completely.
I have divided them into groups to keep them in the island, as you are.
It is important to see some more people than a mother listen, since nature makes them partial.
After you have done it, Wall will go away.
Being men, it will inflame you with the will of Caesar.
For the sake of ceremony, a wretch like this would have the advantage of a king.
And Demetrius, the more you beat me, the more I will fawn on you.
Death is to him.
For his passage, soldiers music and the rites of war speak for him.
Because you were too devoted to her noble and noble command, she confined you to a tree with her powerful ministers and her undisputed rage.
Friends, you can disperse yourself.
Gentle friends, let’s kill him boldly, but not wrathfully.
I did not get any gold, my master.
Gentle Puck, take this scalp from the head of this ancient king so that if he wakes up when the other one wakes up, all of us can go back
Good night, good boy.
I think you think I love you.
Good night, my sweet friend.
Listen!
I thank you all for giving me away to this patient, sweet and virtuous wife.
I think if I hadn’t been faithful and strong, she would have turned me into a dog and made me turn the wheel.
She will be asleep all night, and if she is a good friend, I will argue and scold her with the clamor, keeping her awake.
And Kate, when France is mine and I am yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
God saw him when he was hiding in the garden.
That is enough of that.
Tonight I invite you to supper.
If you are your assistant, do not sleep, but let me hear from you.
To get to what you are like to be, cast your humble slough and look fresh.
If he improves his skills, he will be able to make us all angry.
Andrew Aguecheek.
Angels and priests defend us.
Angels are still bright, even though the brightest angel fell.
We will drink around the table.
Oh, yes!
When she has revealed her golden couplets, his silence will be dripping.
Farewell!
Farewell!
Another shout!
Another Hero!
Another hit.
Another way to man my lord is to make her come and know her keeper.
Answer as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer every man directly.
Answer me directly.
Answer me in one word.
Answer me like men.
I will answer my life’s judgment, your youngest daughter does not love you the least.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock are both standing up.
Antonio is a good man.
I admit he was never a thief or a pirate, but he was Orsino’s enemy.
Antonio will be bound, well.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I married a woman as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, I am arresting you at the trial of Count Orsino.
Antonio, Oh my dear Antonio!
Antonio.
Antony told me to trust you, but I do not care to be deceived.
Only Antony would make his willful reason for it.
Antony will treat him like this wherever he is.
Antony, leave your savage wassails.
I will be cured of any obstacle, any obstacle or barrage.
Anyone who writes can answer a letter.
Any strange creature in the house makes a man.
Anything that has been mended is only patched up.
Anything.
Are you going to sleep?
Apothecary!
Listen and listen quietly. No tongue.
Show yourself in the form of a sigh.
Come and speak.
Take the chamber and take your eyes with a new savage.
Take no shape except that, and my sane nerves will not tremble.
Come on, Ariel.
Take me, Sir Andrew.
Take it.
Are all your conquests, victories, triumphs, triumphs all in this way?
Are his wits safe?
Are my deserts no better than mine?
Aren’t these forests more protected from the danger than the court of justice?
Aren’t you him?
Are our eyes our own?
Are there balances for the flesh?
Are there any stones in heaven but what thunder?
Are you talking about these things, or dreaming?
Are these wind instruments?
Are they aware of this?
Are they all ready?
Are they good?
Do they like dusty things like the picture of Mistress Mall?
Do you think they are married?
Are they now on the western shore, securing the rebels from their ships?
Are they back?
Are they closely followed?
Are those my tents where I see the fire?
Are we all here?
Are we all ready?
Are there two Romans as good as these?
Are you a comedian?
Are you a god?
Are you a man?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the woman you speak of, yes or no?
Are you familiar with the differences that hold this question in the court?
Are you answering this question?
Are you happy to stay?
Are you crept here to watch the wrestling?
Are you going to kill the innocent?
Are you so?
Are you full of them?
Are you good and true men?
Are you him?
Are you his brother?
Are you my wife and won’t call me your husband?
Are you native to this place?
Are you a sneering?
Are you really good?
Aren’t you Kent?
Are you feeling well?
Are you going to do this now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you our daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so evangelized to pray for this man and his family, who has sowed you to the grave and begged you forever?
Are you hurrying now?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure we are awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Are you there, wife?
Are you wise?
Are you yet determined to marry my brother’s daughter?
Are you still alive?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, you are doing your job exactly like you.
Get up and tell me how you got here.
Wake up, wake up, ring the snoring citizens with the bell, or the devil will make a grandsire of you.
Get up, sneering.
Get up, I say.
You are not going to kneel.
Get up.
Please, help me out on this fast journey.
Arm, my lord.
Armed, brother?
Armed, my lord.
Armed, do you say?
There is a lot of corruption.
Arms, take your last embrace.
Aroint you, witch!
Arrest him, officer.
Are you Lady Olivia’s fool?
What is this house?
Are you rich?
Are you a churchman?
Are you a man?
Are you afraid to act the same as you do?
Are you a fool?
You are less happy, being feared than they are afraid.
Are you happy, Jew?
Are you gone, my love, my lord?
Are you good at making fun of these things?
Are you his friend?
Are you really?
Have you learned something?
Are you crazy?
Are you my son?
Are you Romeo and a Montague?
Are you a Cornish crew?
Are you so wretched and wretched and afraid to die?
Are you hurrying?
Are you a god, an angel, or a devil, who makes my blood get cold and my hair stare?
Are you the slave who, with your breath, killed my innocent child?
Are you there, Diomedes?
Are you so bold in your anger, or are you a rude despiser of good manners?
Are you wise?
The Gloucester bastard son is as it is said.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
As a town worthless as a village, the forehead of a married man is honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor.
As birds do, Mother.
As Caesar loved me, I cried for him.
You can be as calm and calm as you can be with your sword to make me bleed.
As you always do, come in quickly to Sir John.
As far as I can go, my lord, as long as I can get out of here and supper.
As for my wife, I wish you had such a wife.
As freely, son, as God gave her to me.
As far as a man would run for life from a bear, I would run away from her that would be my wife.
As you rise up from your graves and walk like sprites, countenance this horror.
As good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good as you want.
As good to me as late.
As he smiles, Othello will go crazy.
As lucky as he was, I am glad.
As he was brave, I honor him.
As hell, Sir Topas.
I will be grateful to you as a gentleman.
He is pale. Are you sick or angry?
I thought you had suffered a bodily injury.
As I am the queen of Egypt, Antony, you are blushing, and Caesar deserves your honor.
As I walked down?
I dreamed that my master and another fighter had fought, and that my master swooped on him.
As I stood my watch on the hill, I looked towards Birnam, and I thought the wood would be moving.
As I can see, it is burning in the Capels tomb.
As I live, my honorable lord, it is true.
I will live and honor him until noon.
I am happy with my hostile behavior, as I intend to prosper and repent.
I learned that the night before they were leaving were empty.
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I stood below, I thought his eyes were full moons.
As I suck my blood, I will show you mercy.
As good as I am.
As if that name was cursed by a cursed hand that killed her, as if it were her kinsman.
Time is in debt.
As ignorant as dirt.
As it is determined, I will die.
The seed oozes on the slime and scatters its grain, and soon comes to harvest.
As long as heaven and nature extend it.
As long as Richard and Richard like it.
As love is, my lord, before it loves.
As manhood grows, manhood will grow.
As my eyes opened, I saw their weapons drawn.
As mine on her, as mine on her, as mine on her, and as you are all together, except what you must combine by holy marriage.
As much to him as I do, and his thanks are too much.
As much to my good Lord Chamberlain.
As a faithful and honorable man.
I see you now.
I have been working on my handiwork as well as ever.
I can get her out of here immediately, as she is mine.
I am as strange as the one I do not know.
As sure, my liege, as I see your Grace.
As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle.
You will feel as calm and restful as I am in my breast.
As the savage you see, she is smothered.
The ox has his bow, the horse’s curb, and the falcon ringing, as the man has his desires.
As the time passes, the situation in this country is approaching, I wish nothing had happened.
As they pass by, grab Casca by the sleeve, and he will tell you what has been done today.
As thick as the story can be, and every one of you praised his kingdom for his great defense, and poured them down before him.
You are to yourself.
As you got Milan, I will come by Naples.
Give me the cup as a man.
I can, madam.
I will drop you both with a sleeve of raven’s feathers.
I am as willing to come from school.
As good wit and good luck do.
I will fling the pillow, the bolster, the coverlet, and the sheets.
As woman’s love.
You are old and reverend, so you should be wise.
As you would like to be forgiven for, let your indulgence set me free.
As you look at him, Demetrius looks at you.
As you will tell, praise us.
I am as young as I am, and I have seen these three swashers.
Ascend her room and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you will find me in a grave.
Ask her forgiveness?
Do not ask me what I know.
I am sure it will be.
Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Help me, good friends.
If you do not have it, you should be a good man.
The thing is going to be sold.
I am not.
I am not.
You will find us both at Crosby Place.
I will call every house.
First and last, the hearty welcome.
The first child was born, with the help of a nurse.
I will pay at five oclock for the same.
At home, my lord.
You are in the land, and you have given me the house of my father, but since he does not build for himself, you can stay as long
On land, you know how much we are doing to you.
I left them in the pool beyond your cell, dancing up to your chins, so the foul lake sunk their feet.
He shook my arm a little, and his head wiggled so far up and down, he sighed so pitifully and profoundly that
I am sure it will happen in Denmark.
At least two glasses.
I am at my own house, good lady.
I am going to give you what I want to give you, and I will die to get what I want.
I am here.
Tonight we will have dinner.
We will meet again at nine oclock.
Good night, at once.
At our synagogue, Tubal.
At Pembroke, or at Harfordwest in Wales.
I was at Sardis once, and this last night in Philippi fields.
At sea, I think.
At seventeen, many of them are looking for their fortunes, but at fourscore, it is too late a week.
At such a time, I will leave my daughter to him.
We are at the duke’s oak.
At this moment, mercifully, to all my enemies.
At Capulets’ feast, you feast on the beautiful Rosaline whom you love with all the admired and respected beauties of Verona.
I will do whatever I want, monster.
At your choice, sir.
At your leisure.
At your service.
At your request.
Come with the lords of France, Burgundy, Gloucester, and Gloucester.
I understand a lot about your meaning.
Authority.
Come, Dromio, let’s go.
You scolded me.
Get out of here!
Do not forget what is going on.
Leave him alone.
Remind these brave men of war and repeat their feats with your powerful arm.
Wake up, wake up!
Wake up, I say.
Wake up sir, wake up.
Wake up!
Take me to the sweet beds of flowers.
Get out of here!
Go with him.
Get out of here!
Get out of here with the hat.
Take away the stools, the stools on the courtboard, and the plate.
Take us to Athens.
Go away and let me die.
Go away and mock the time with the fairest show.
Go away, go away.
Go away, because he is coming here.
Go away, go away.
Go!
Go!
Go away, I beg you, both of you.
Go ahead, hurry up.
Go, old man.
Go away, a little man.
Go, then.
Go, then.
Go, Tybalt.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Yes, I am detesting it.
Yes, it is my husband.
I am wretched, and I have been beaten up by two friends who are fighting each other.
Yes, what is the news?
Yes, I am!
Yes, I am!
Yes, but not yet to die.
Yes, it is strong, and it is indifferent in a dun-colored stock.
Yes, it was the one who first told me about her.
Yes, a tailor, sir.
Yes, a thousand times.
Amen to that.
Yes, and a brave one, who dares to look at something that could kill the devil.
Yes, and a nice one too.
Yes, and he is a subtle man, as he learned.
Yes, and only a minute.
Yes, and he has been brought off the field.
Yes, and you are dying for that.
Yes, and he will tame her.
Yes, and I will give him free of charge.
Yes, and I have only said what I intend to do.
Yes, and you and the rest will find out when he comes home.
Yes, and it seems to me that you have been thirty years old since you left out of your bed all this time.
Yes, and that is true.
Yes, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, where Caesar fought with Pompey.
Yes, and twenty of them.
Yes, and Wall too.
Yes, and wisely.
Are you there?
Yes, at Philippi.
Yes, yes, the cords.
Three thousand dollars.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, be good with Touchstone.
Yes, I am better than him, who knows me.
Yes, Biddy, come with me.
Yes, boy, you are ready.
Yes, boy.
Yes, but you cannot stand before me.
Yes, but he is not ready now.
Yes, but I know. What do you know?
Yes, but not enough.
Yes, but I did not cry.
Yes, but not rough enough.
Yes, but the clerk who never wants to do it is only living until he is a man.
Yes, but the feet were slut and couldn’t bear without the verse, and so on, they stood ludicrous in the verse.
Yes, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Yes, but their sense is shut.
Yes, but the English are shrewd and shrewd to get out of beef.
Yes, but when?
Yes, but if I can’t stay here, I will let that policy last so long, or eat such a nice and healthy meal, or breed so out of circumstances
Yes, by God, my lord.
Yes, I am still alive, and I never wanted to see you again.
Yes, I hope the case can be changed.
Yes, Caesar, but not gone.
Yes, Casca.
Yes, Celia, we stayed her for your sake.
Yes, Desdemona.
Do you think so?
Yes, do.
Yes, dreadful Queen.
Yes, every inch king.
Yes, every man is away.
Yes, for the state, not for Antonio.
Yes, forsooth.
Yes, gentle cousin, if it were light enough.
Yes, go on.
Yes, good fool.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, he said something in Greek.
Yes, he was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Yes, he does.
Yes, his breast.
Yes, husband.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I praise God, and I have some love for him.
Yes, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Yes, if a woman lives to be a man.
Yes, if I am alive and your mind is holding and your dinner worthy of it.
Yes, if I know the language and the letters.
Yes, if Messala prefers me to you.
Yes, if the devil is trying to tempt you to do good.
Yes, if the fool could find it in the city.
Yes, if you want to make a profit.
Yes, if you are wrong in your memory.
Yes, you will be men, as dogs and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, cursors, Shoughs, water-rugs, and demi-wolves all clept.
Yes, you are doing me wrong in the temple, in the town, and in the field.
Yes, indeed!
Yes, I am sure.
Yes, it is so good that I cannot wait so long.
Yes, leeks are good.
Yes, Lepidus.
Yes, let her die and die tonight, and be damned, because she will not live.
Yes, let the count take you in your bed.
Yes, sir.
Yes, madam, but he will return tonight.
Yes, madam, I am out of my reach.
Yes, madam, it is common.
Yes, madam, twenty people.
Yes, madam, well, because I was born and raised not three hours from here.
Yes, madam.
Yes, madam.
Yes, sir.
Yes, they are.
Yes, go, I say, and bring him here.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, you must marry.
Yes, you are a fool.
Yes, sir, now it is time to work.
Yes, I was, and he put it by three times, each time more gentle than any other.
Yes, what is he?
Yes, marry, why was he sent into England?
Yes, master.
Yes, he is a stone, as he taught us to cry.
Yes, I am a good woman in my mistress.
Yes, mistress, and Petruchio is the master, who has taught you eleven tricks to tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
Yes, more.
Yes, mother, but I would not have it.
Yes, my commander.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, please let us know.
Yes, my lord, it is a good idea to be.
Yes, my lord, that is the same thing.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, noble lord.
Yes, now I am in Arden, and I am the more fool I am.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I will find you on his side, and then he sends you this good news that your enemies, the kindred queen, will die at Pomfret on the same day.
Yes, on the front.
Yes, or any show you will show him.
Yes, or you can go so far by drinking, fencing, swearing, arguing, drabbing.
Yes, or he is falsely reporting it.
Yes, I have done everything.
Yes, pilgrims have lips that they have to pray for.
Yes, sir, for three months.
Yes, sir, I have a good wit.
Yes, sir, I thank God.
Yes, sir, I have often been in Pisa, and I have been redeemed for serious citizens.
Yes, sir, it is true. God help you.
Yes, sir, the sergeant of the band; the one who brings any man to answer the question that breaks his band; the one who thinks a man always goes to bed
Yes, sir, they are ready.
Yes, sir, we are some of her trappings.
Yes, sir, there are wretched souls who keep his cure.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I think so.
Yes, I thought so.
Yes, sir.
Yes, we will.
Yes, he is so humbled that he left me with some of his grief to suffer with him.
It is a good idea to catch birds.
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
Yes, that is what he did.
Yes, that was him.
Yes, Petruchio.
Yes, that is the way it is.
Yes, the heads of the maidens, or their maidenheads.
Yes, here it is.
Yes, there is the slut.
Yes, those are the best clothes.
Yes, you poor ghost, while your memory holds a seat in this distracted world.
Yes, to a niggly host and a more sparing guest.
Yes, to me.
As long as mountains are a source of wind, they do not shake, even if they blow perpetually.
Yes, too gentle.
Yes, really, because the power of beauty will transform honesty sooner from what it is to a baddened man than honesty can transform beauty into its likeness.
Yes, we are talking for two hours.
Yes, very well, my lord.
Yes, what else?
Yes, what about that?
When a person gets a good deal, it is the same as her love, because it is all about it.
Yes, widow Dido.
Yes, with a twinkling.
Yes, with Cassio.
Yes, you wish I could make her turn.
Yes, you have been a mouse hunter in your time, but I will watch you out now.
Yes, you would beg, if you were in my situation.
Yes, and do not let anyone enter, so I will not break your sword.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, good-bye, good gentleman.
Yes, sir.
I will throw these treasons back to your head with the lie that is causing your heart to fall asleep.
You cannot go back to the house unless you are able to do something with me, which you can do with as much security as you can.
Go back, slave, or I will break your sword across the street.
The world is bad, and it will be a bad world.
Good news, my lord.
Tell him to come back and speak with me, the one he promised.
Balm his foul head with warm, distilled water and burn some sweet wood to make the lodging smelly.
Banquo and Donalbain!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
If your soul finds it in heaven, tonight she will find it.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman, and my father is not all unknown.
Bar Harry England, who walks through our land with pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Barnardo has my place.
Barnardo?
Do you have my wit?
The slave who pays is the base.
You will die from a Trojan.
Bassanio told him he would make the most of his return.
Basting.
Bate, Dido.
Be as our gods will.
Let’s go.
Be a child at the same time.
Be helpful and help the good man in his situation.
If you want to be angry, then it is a good thing.
Come on, sir.
We are going to use our hands and not our tongues.
You can.
Be patient.
Be more attractive when you are at your leisure.
Be more comfortable.
Be bloody, bold, and determined.
Be bold and stand up.
Be brief, so your kindness will last longer than your kindness date.
Be quiet for a while, and the longer the liver takes everything.
Be there when we wake him up.
Yes, nothing more true.
Be choked with another accent.
Be sane and blatant, and not get out of control.
You should be able to get out of here.
Be calm, dear madam.
Be calm, madam.
Be calm and brief.
Be eloquent on my behalf.
Be honest about all these griefs, and I will go as far as anyone who is far from it.
If you are a little frightened, then, I hope, you will send him back.
Be gentle to her.
Go!
Be happy.
Whatever you decide privately, whether it be for her stay or for her trip.
Be it, Lysander.
Let’s go.
Kent is not prepared when Lear is mad.
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman.
Be muddy.
Be lion-streaped, proud, and do not care who is chafed, who is angry, or where conspirers are.
Be merciful to men who are rotten.
Be merciful, say “death,” because exile has more terror in its eyes than death.
Be near me so I can remember.
Do not be afraid.
I thought it was a good idea to be great.
Do not be afraid, even if you see me being armed.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be disturbed by my illness.
Do not be so bad about your thoughts.
Do not be offended.
Do not be so hurry to confuse my meaning.
Do not be so.
Do not delay yourself in a hurry.
Do not be late.
Do not be too tame, but do whatever you want.
Do not be ashamed to show him, he will not be ashamed to tell you what it means.
Be cheerful, young man.
Be cheerful.
Be patient until you have finished.
Be patient, because the prize I will bring you to Shall wink this mischance.
Be patient, because the world is wide and wide.
Be patient, because you will stay with us.
Be patient, gentlemen.
Be patient.
Please tell us how we have sent you the offers.
Be quiet and leave.
Be quiet, people.
Be king of me, be patient, and let us go to the Tiger to dinner.
Be ruled by me.
Be ruled.
Be quiet.
Be quick to answer, because we know the truth.
You cant see anything except mine and my eyes, and you cant see anything else.
Be sure you know what you are doing, and then you are as great as you are afraid.
Are the Jacks in the house, the Jills in the house, the carpets laid, and everything in order?
Are these the people that we played dice for?
Be the slur of your sword.
You are a good-looking man, a damned man, a man who brings from heaven to hell with you wicked or charitable intentions,
You can trust me, Cassio, I will do everything I can to help you.
Be familiar, but not vulgar.
You are my witness that I have been forced, like Pompey, to fight all our freedoms.
Be your mouth, black or white, Do-dee, dee-dee.
Be patient and I will leave you alone.
Be brave and quick.
Well, then, be careful.
Be careful.
Be wise and get home.
Be my witness, oh you blessed moon.
Be calm in the accusation, and my wit will not shame me.
I will be your eunuch, and I will be mute.
Are your tears wet?
Are you sad or merry? Either you are violent or no one else.
Be patient and free.
Take away this body and take care of our will.
Keep him away.
Keep him in your head.
Keep it cold until midnight and show itself.
Take it straight, and bring your master home immediately.
Take me to his creditor and, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay him back.
Keep me safe, friends, and keep me wherever Cleopatra is.
Keep your heart in it, and leave us alone.
Keep them away from here.
Keep your eyes, your hand, and your tongue warm.
Bear with him, Brutus.
Keep up with my weakness.
Have you ever seen me?
Beat him up.
Beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat.
Beatrice, I am sure I will go.
Beauty is a good way to attract thieves faster than gold.
I would not see your nails pluck out his poor old eyes, and your fierce sister would stick boarish fangs in his anointed flesh.
Because my name is George.
Because I often use you as a fool and chat with you, your wit will make me jealous of my love and make me a common part of my serious life.
Because you keep doing the same as my begging.
Because their business is still out of the way.
Because they are not eight?
Because we come here to help you and you think we are ruffians, you will have your daughter covered with a barbary horse.
Because, look, you do not love it, and because your feelings and appetites and your digestion do not agree with it, I would like you to eat it.
I am ready.
I think God is very wise.
She is a good girl.
I will throw my shield away before my body is thrown.
I would not believe this without my own eyes.
It is still true in the days of change.
Let’s not fight here before the eyes of both our army and those who should see nothing but love from us.
Before the time comes out?
Before I saw Lysander, Athens was a paradise for me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” then breathe twice and cry, “So, so!
Before you risk, because I am losing your company.
Start with another of your daughters.
I am so sorry I am not, but I thank you, and I am sure, my thanks are too dear.
Do you want to see these birds first?
Will you grow up with me?
Start!
Start.
Go on.
Beguiled, divorced, wronged, and killed!
I will be with you behind the abbey wall in less than an hour and bring you some ropes that are like a stair.
I will tell myself to listen to the whole thing.
Look and see.
Look how she blushes like a virgin here.
Look, it is stained with his noble blood.
Look at the munitions on their carriages, with the girded Harfleur carrying its fatal mouths.
Look, the sails, born of the invisible and glare of the wind, draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea, breasting the high surge.
Look at this man.
Look, here is the usurper’s swollen head.
Look, I have a weapon.
Look, sir.
Look, there are the caskets, noble Prince.
Look, it is my privilege to honor my oath, my oath, and my profession.
Look!
I wish I had done it well, but I have to condemn it now.
I am a perfumer, as I was in a musty room, and I am the Prince and Claudio in a sad conference.
It is a holiday that the beggar’s shop is closed.
Being so frustrating, tell him, he mocks the pauses he makes.
Being unprepared, we were the servant to defect, which else we would have had to free ourselves.
Believe me in my honor, and have respect for my honor so you can believe me.
Believe me, I am not.
Believe me, I cannot.
Believe me, I would rather have lost my purse full of savages.
Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook it.
Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.
No, do not believe me.
If I had such a venture, I would have better hoped for my future abroad.
Believe me, sir, it is a brave man.
Believe me, sir, they smother well together.
Do not believe any of us.
Do not believe that.
If you want, then I will do something strange.
What?
It is just a rumor.
I could say that it is not a good thing to see my eyes.
He knows how to dress, and he shut the doors against his way.
Like some noble gentleman who wants to take him here, and then go some way.
I do not know what to say.
They were surprised how I moved them.
Look, this man is a savage man.
This is what this show is about to say.
You are like you killed a lot of his people.
Bellario greets you.
Do you belong to Lady Olivia, friends?
Your sister is naughty.
Do not be afraid of your character.
Benedicite.
Benedick, did you notice Signior Leonato’s daughter?
Benvolio, who started this bloody fight?
Please, father.
Be happy with it.
Beshrew his soul for me.
I am a shrewd woman, but I love her very much.
I would do a bad thing for the whole world.
I think you are happy in this second match, because it is your first.
Besides, I have never put up my sword since I saw a lion on the Capitol, shining on me and walking by a lion.
Antonio told the Duke they were not with Bassanio aboard his ship.
Besides, he brings his destiny with him.
Besides, his cottage, his flocks, and his feed-related goods are on sale, and since he is not here, there is nothing to feed on at our sheepcote.
Besides, I have some business in the town.
Besides, I do not like you.
The judge wants you to be punished, so that your followers can be resentful and a sweet man to come off these fields where their poor bodies must lie and fester.
Besides, it would appear that if he had the money to pay the Jew, he would not take it.
Besides, old Gremio is still listening, and we are going to be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard.
Besides, she uses me more than anyone else who follows her.
Besides, the king’s name is a tower of strength that they want to build upon the adverse party.
Besides, the young man is handsome and handsome, and he has all the qualities that foolish and foolish men are responsible for.
Besides, they say that King Pepin, who deposed Childeric, was heir general born of Blithild, who was daughter of
There is no king, if he is not so sane, that if he is going to fight with unreliable soldiers.
Besides, they are fresh.
Besides, they are our outward consciences and preachers to us all, admonising that we should dress up fairly.
Besides, they have burned and carried away everything that was in the king’s tent.
Besides, you are getting dishonest.
Let me stay in his place for a while before.
I am always happy to see you.
Fear is the best way to protect yourself.
You would better get the bringer out of the host.
Give it to you, and do not believe that Caesar is a merchant.
I have been sneering.
We would rather be with the dead who we sent to get our peace than to be with the restless sane people.
You may have better cheer, but not with a better heart.
I wish I could distract myself.
If they were all from his father, or if there were none at all, then God will keep us from being beaten.
I am better Macbeth to rule than a man like me.
It is never too late to get it.
If you hadn’t been born, then you would have better gotten to me.
Bettering your loss makes the bad causer worse.
Who?
Beware Macduff.
Beware of the entrance to a fight, but beware of being in, so that the opposing may beware of you.
Beware of March 15th.
Beware of Fife’s thane.
She has taken advantage of me today.
Bianca’s love made me exchange my state with Tranio while he was in the town.
Tell me that every noise is still.
Farewell to your sisters.
Tell Gloucester to think about this, and he will cry.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to have a good heart.
Tell him to bring his pen and his inkhorn to the jail.
Ask him to give him the greatest strength and power he can make, and meet me at Salisbury.
Tell him about Octavia’s desire to be a woman.
Tell him to set up his forces before he is ready, and we will follow him.
So ask him to consider his ransom, which must be proportional to the losses we have suffered, the losses we have lost, the disgrace we have digested, and
Let me go.
Tell me to tear the bond.
We will punish you, and we will punish you.
Tell the actors to hurry.
Tell them to get me and then sell my bones.
Tell them to fly, because when I am revenged on my charm, I have done everything.
Tell them to fly.
Tell them to come near.
Tell them to move away.
Tell your friends to welcome you, and show up.
The wind will blow the earth into the sea, or swell the water to the sea, so that things can change or stop.
The host of Mars is bankrupted by rusty beaver peeps.
Bind his cloak arms.
Bind him, I say.
Bind up my wounds.
Biondello, what about that?
The night is dark, and death is your life.
Bleed, bleed, poor country.
God bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
Help you avoid whirlwinds, star-blasting, and taking.
God bless you, Bottom, God bless you.
Give your five-year-old son a hug.
God bless us.
Bless you, fair dame.
Good-bye!
He is blind and best in the dark.
Bliss will be on you.
You have been beaten up for such a wish.
He will be squeezing for it if you hide the crown in your hearts.
Bloody, witty villain!
Boatswain!
I would tear up the cave where Echo lies, and make her sound more hoarse than mine.
Bonos dies, Sir Toby.
Borachio.
Take Cupid’s wings and fly above the ground.
He loves them both.
Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.
Both of us refuse to let me go.
Both of our remedies are done with your help and your holy physicy.
Both sides are right.
Both of which, Master Constable, you have.
Wind and tide are the main reasons for this gentleman’s behavior, and I have been here too long to blame.
Both of them have a dog name.
Both your majesties can command you more than to get into traps.
Both of you, my girl.
Both of you, my lord.
Both?
Bottom!
In nature, a tyranny is a tyranny.
Boy, this will not excuse the injuries you have caused me.
Boy!
I have been robbed in my own house by a spool of thread.
Break a promise of an hour in love?
Breathe Merriman, the poor few is embossed, and Clowder is a bit rotten.
Let me be brief.
I recovered him, wound-free, and, after a little while, he was strong at heart.
I am here.
I am talking a bit.
Good luck and good luck, good luck! French, good luck.
Bring a corollary rather than a spirit.
Bring out only men-children, because your unreliable wit should compose nothing but men.
Bring her to the main course.
Bring him away.
Bring him to us.
Bring him to his sleep.
Bring him through the band.
Bring him back to his house.
Bring him dead or alive within the next twelve months, or turn to seek a living on our territory.
Bring it to me in the orchard.
Bring it to that, the gold I give you will melt and pour down your ill-looking throat.
Bring me a father who loved his child so much, who is overwhelmed with joy like mine, and ask him to speak of patience.
Bring me to the bottom of it, and I will help you get something rich about me.
Take care of the numbers of people on both sides.
Do not bring me any more news.
Bring me to Antony.
Bring me to Octavius.
Tell me how tall she is.
Bring out the villain.
Bring them to us.
Bring the master to the castle.
Bring us the letter.
Brother Anthony.
Brother John Bates, isn’t that morning breaking?
Brother of Gloucester, you are wrong about this.
Brother— Be content.
Brother, good night.
Brother, ho!
Brother, I advise you to do the best.
Brother, I will go and bring it to you.
Brother the Duke, stand up and do as we do.
You were brought to this town by the famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most respected uncle.
Have you brought Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and her forehead are as low as she would like.
Bruisèd pieces, go.
Brutus and Caesar. What is that “Caesar”?
Brutus has shook my mind.
Brutus is wise, and if he were not healthy, he would embrace the means to come by it.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus will lead, and we will follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus is talking.
Let’s talk to you.
Brutus, do not bait me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Brutus” will start a spirit as soon as “Caesar.” In the name of all the gods at once, what meat does Caesar feed that
Do not be afraid,” says my conscience.
Burn his books.
Burn!
It is a spirit.
It is as good as my fingers are to my fingers, and there is salmon in both of them.
But now it is gone.
It is not above me.
It is not true.
It is strange.
It is a shame that women are froward.
But goodbye.
After many ceremonies, he calls for wine.
Remember what you have said and show yourself true Romans.
As soon as the sun sets in the east, my son is escaping the light.
Love is all right, Salt Cleopatra, but love is all right for you.
It is strange and admirable, even if it is not.
I knew all this before.
Antonio has certainly been wiped out.
Are my brother’s powers set up?
Are there things that we have to make sick?
Are they safe?
Are you so in love with me as your rhymes say?
Are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice so much?
You are not too sloppy with the fashion, so you have left your story to tell me about it?
You did not advise him, but he took care of getting her to be taught by the sane schoolmasters?
Did you drown?
We cannot miss him.
As if you were all mortal, love was mortal.
I think I am coming with Hermia.
But as well?
I swear, I cannot tell you how I got here.
Be prepared for some unpleasant words.
Being a widow, and my husband Gloucester with her, I will leave the entire building in my fancy to spit on my hateful life.
Beware my jealousy!
I have never done you any better than offering you better service.
But brother Anthony, it does not matter.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
I will go back to Romeo, who had just recently got revenge, and see them go like lightning.
By the way, she is mine.
He is a master.
Can you guess that he is trying to do it?
Please be calm and do not be upset.
He is tearing down his beard, like the drops of reeds.
Come on.
If you look at what sorrow can do, it will not help you to imagine what joy I have had in her sight for a minute.
Come on, I will tell you my entire plan when I am in my coach, which is waiting for us at the gate.
Let’s go, my lord.
Come, young waver, come with me.
Come on, go ahead.
They are still dead, and they are a devilish slave.
I have never heard of that all the time.
Did you ever tell him she was false?
Didn’t you ask to cut it?
Did you think the Prince would have served you like this?
Did you see them dead?
Did you hear that without thinking about how your name should be hanged and carved on the trees?
Did your sister die of love?
Do not go with it.
Do not look for any more compensation than your own happiness.
Do not do that.
Do not stain the virtue of our enterprise nor the insanity of our spirits to think that or that our cause or our performance had to be oath.
Did you hear that you married my daughter without my permission?
Does he know that I am in this forest and wearing the man’s clothing?
But down.
Whether it was either different in nature or not.
They came, let me say no more.
If we reached the point that was proposed, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I will sink!” I, as
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
Fathers who carry bags will see their children kind.
Do not worry about what you are doing.
There are only a few, none.
I will release the fairy queen.
I will turn a fellow into a man in his grave and then I will sing my love again.
Do not fish with this poisonous bait for this fool sneering.
But for a fine, elegant, graceful, and excellent manner, yours is worth ten.
But for all this, you will have as many daughters do for you as you can tell in a year.
I have not spoken to him for his coronation, and he has not delivered any good news.
But for my daughter Katherine, I know that she is not for you, and the more I grieve.
But for the bloody napkin?
I wish I had forgotten the handkerchief.
But for the seventh reason.
But for the stuffing, we are all mortal.
But for the whole world?
Which of my good things first made you suffer love for me?
But for your husband, he is noble, wise, and judicious, and he knows the best time.
But for your private satisfaction, because I love you, I will tell you.
But for your words, they rob the bees of the Hybla Mountains and leave them with no honey.
Do not be afraid, I say.
Get back.
Give me your hand, Menas.
What do you mean by this?
But good lieutenant, is your general wived?
Was he a chain of you?
Did you snuck the Athenians eyes with the love juice I asked you to use?
Did I fall?
Do I have any reason to cry?
Have you both refused to swear me?
He is a bit ill-tempered, but he is not responsible for the slander of his wife.
He has promised me he will not hurt you as a gentleman and a soldier.
He has pushed me away and threatened to hit me, spurn me, and kill me.
He loves Caesar best, but he also loves Antony.
He says he loves and wants you, but he does not want to take the safest moment by the front to bring you back.
He is asleep.
But anyone who steals my reputation from me steals everything that does not make me richer and makes me poor.
The man who pushed you told you to stand up, will not give you any reason why you should do treason unless you dub the name of the traitor.
Anyone who believes everything they say will never be saved by half of what they do.
But he, poor man, died by your first order, and a winged Mercury carried it.
Listen, Gratiano.
But heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
Welcome, Mark Antony.
But here comes my father.
Here comes the lady.
But here they come.
Here is a parchment with Caesar’s seal on it.
Here is a villain who would face me down. He met me on the martin, and I beat him and charged him with a thousand marks.
His flawed heart—alack, the conflict is too weak to support—twixt extremes of joy and grief, and he smiled.
But men who are hollow make a lot of promises, like horses at hand.
How did you want it made?
How did she receive his love?
How is it possible that you are thinking this way?
How long will her sweet life last?
How long will “ever” last?
How can Prospero live and be here?
But how?
How should we resist it now, my lord?
But wait, do not worry.
I am the northern star, of which I am a true-fixed star, and I do not have any other person in the room.
I am sorry.
I am sent to find the people who have written this letter, and I cannot find what the author has written.
I am a shepherd to another man, and I do not shear the fleeces I graze.
Please forgive me for pardoning your Grace.
I can tell you why a snail has a house.
I can tell you that this duke has a bad reputation for his lovely niece, and that the people praise her virtues and pity her for her father’s sake.
I admit, sir, we were locked out.
I will tell you that Fortinbras will be lighted by the election.
I see you are moving.
I think wives are responsible for their wives’ deaths.
I do not feel this deity in my heart.
I would rather drink from all four days than drink so much in one.
I have reason to be a pedant.
I have heard him say it is always appropriate for sons to be perfect and have their fathers down.
I do not have any.
I have spoken with one man who saw him die, who said he confessed his crimes very frankly, implored your highness’ pardon, and made a deep repentance.
I have a little older son than this one, and I am no closer to him.
I hope you do not want to turn your husband into a husband, have you?
I do not know anything, and I am not a beast.
I know that being up late is being up late.
I could see the young Cupid’s fiery arrow sunk in the chaste beams of the moon, and the imperial votaress was thrust on.
I have to tell you clearly that Claudio is facing my challenge, and either I will hear from him, or I will be a coward.
I see you as so modest that I cannot accept anything that I can keep in.
Please tell him I am fake.
Please, old man, tell him about Launcelot?
Please tell me, is my boy alive or dead?
But who is his companion?
Please, can you read anything you see?
I can remember that I am in this world of the earth, where it is often laudable to do harm, and to do good in a moment.
I beg your pardon.
I will see that the wing’s vengeance overtakes such children.
I will tell my daughter that she is better prepared for a question than that.
I will not go out of here, but do what they can.
I will punish you home.
I will not marry.
I will tell you at some meeting.
I will marry you in another way, with pomp, with triumph, and with reveling.
I will write again to Mantua, and I will keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
I will warm myself by blowing the fire.
I would be afraid to fall back into my dreams.
I, who never knew how to eat, never had to eat, am starved for food, giddy for lack of sleep, kept awake
I wish I had been a woman.
I will punish you so harshly that you will regret the loss of mine.
I will be hanged if he wears your clothes.
I will catch your eyes, even if they had wings.
I will go in.
I will not scold you.
I will see you soon.
If all the aims are false, the death penalty will stop the rumors of her infamy.
If he is at hand, I will be satisfied.
If he hadn’t been drinking, he would have thrown you out of the way than he did.
If I give my wife a handkerchief, then what?
If I had enough wit to get out of this forest, I would have enough wit to do my own thing.
If it is a sin to be a coward of honor, I am the most offending soul alive.
She would not care if she smashed your noddle with a stool, painted your face, and used you like a fool.
If she cannot love you, sir?
If I am, I know that your weeping sister is not my wife, and that I am not paying homage to her bed.
If the cause is not good, the king himself has to make a big mistake when all those legs and arms, cut off in battle, will join together at the same time
If these fires are enough to make us cowards and steel up with the mighty women, then what should we do to get us to do?
If you die before I come, you are a mocker of my work.
If you break her virgin knot before the celebration of the holy day, the heavens will not let the marriage grow.
If your love were like mine—and I think never man loved so much—how many ridiculous actions have you been taken by your fantasy?
If we fail, we can do it on land.
If you remember, I did not ask you to go ahead.
If you refuse to marry me, will you give yourself to this faithful shepherd?
If you fail, you have to go away immediately.
If you have a stomach, I will help you.
If you do not know this, my manners tell me we have got your wrong answer.
I do not care about you, sir.
I will not be reconciled until some gentlemen have voiced me and established a precedent of peace to keep me ungored.
I would rather think it weren’t.
In this case of wooing, a child will get a sire if I do not fail to do my cunning.
In this case, if you want your father’s voice, the other must be a better man.
I will bury them in your daughter’s womb, where they will grow in that spice-covered nest.
My uncle taught me to speak, who was a man in his youth who knew too well about courtship, because there he fell in love.
Is all this for your father?
Is he often so?
Is there anything else that wants to see this broken music on his sides?
Isn’t there any sequel to the admiration of this mother?
What is this law?
It is getting me, doesn’t it?
I am certain to be all ladies, except you.
It is not treason for an Englishman to cut the French crowns, and tomorrow the king himself will be a snab.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
I have a good title, Antonio, and the honest Antonio.
It will not take so long.
It is enough to know that the day will end, and then the end will be known.
I received it, and others, who cried in the top of me.
It is better for you to change your mind.
It would warm his spirits to hear from me that you left Antony and put yourself under his shattered roof, the universal landlord.
But jealous people do not want to be punished like this.
You know that I have wooed Margaret, Lady Hero’s lady.
Let it go to God.
Give it to your enemy, who, if he breaks, will be better off.
If I had been too sane, I would have smashed it with a longer treaty.
If I am self-destructive, I will stop my ears against the mermaid’s song.
But let her live.
Let it be.
Let it go. Now, Litio, let’s go to you.
Let me hear the letter from your friend.
Let me go to my fortune and the ruins.
Let that go.
Let them measure us by what they want.
Let’s get to the point of our opinion that our lust-wearing lord can pluck Antony out of the lap of the Egyptian widow.
Please let your gentle wishes and fair eyes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I am beaten, there is only one shamed man who
Life itself, my wife, and the whole world are not as worthy of your life as I am.
Life, because we are tired of these cliffs, never has the power to dismiss itself.
But little.
Look at it: find your brother, where he is.
But Macbeth is.
But make some changes right away.
But manhood is melted into a hole, bravery is melted into a hole, and compliments are poured into a hole, and men are only turned into tongues, and
But, poor knight, what a terrible thing this is.
Men do not have the power to do that, and they do not have the power to do that.
My uncle-father and aunt-mother are all fooled.
Nature should bring its own kind, in abundance, to feed my innocent people.
Your angel is a frightened angel, as if he is a frightened man.
But new things have struck nine.
The next day I told him about myself, which was as good as asking him to pardon me.
No metal—not the hangman’s axe—can bear half your sharp envy.
I will not let my eyes go deeper than your consent gives you, so I can make it fly.
No more sightings! Where are these gentlemen?
But not in situations as familiar as this, or in friendly and free meetings as he used to.
I am not a royal, as I am.
Watch me, signor.
But hurry up.
But now you can see, in the depths of thought, how the city has poured its citizens out of her.
Now I see our sluts are just straws, our strength as weak, our lust as weak as we have, and our lust as weak as we have.
I was lord of this fair house, master of my servants, and Queen oer myself.
Now I will tell you joyous stories, girl.
Now that he has split the kingdom, it does not seem like the dukes he favors most, because the odds are so heavily weighed that
I have snuck at you, but now my eyes do not hurt you.
The duke of Buckingham and I have been able to visit his majesty now.
But now they are back with twenty murders on their crowns and push us out of our stools.
Now, Baptista, I will go see your younger daughter.
Now I tell you, keep it to yourself, that these enemies are put to death, and I am better than I was before.
What do you say to my request?
But now, my lord.
But we will have to fight for the state to condemn us.
It is bitter to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
How odd it is to have to ask for my child’s forgiveness.
How vile an idol is.
But, poor Gloucester, did he lose his other eye?
Old people are as frightened as they are now, as slow, heavy, and pale as lead.
I cannot be too far away from his father, so I cannot be executed.
Only one cup.
I will fight their forces one at a time.
But one more thing— I will not be commanded to him.
I have only one child, one poor child, one loving child, but I have one thing to rejoice and comfort myself with, and death has made me blind.
Some of your resentful men are arguing and carping and arguing, breaking out of riots and rioting.
It is not a question, but it is Maria’s hand.
But passion gives them power, and time gives them the opportunity to meet, sweetening the extremes with love.
You have repeated what you have ruined.
Tell me who.
Tell me, is he coming home?
If it were not registered, I think the truth would live from age to age, as it would be marketed to all people
But say, sir, is it dinnertime?
I am not sure what I have said before.
You know that we split in seven years ago, in Syracuse.
But will it be soon?
Should I live in hope?
Should we wear these glories for a day or should they last and we rejoice in them?
She is as great as she is.
She is not.
She is now Marcus Antony’s wife.
She keeps the lovable boy from being beaten, and she makes him happy.
She, your subject, refuses such a deal.
Ships are not boards, sailors are not men.
Since he is better than me, we have the chance to win.
Since he is obscene and does not have any legal means to make me angry, I am armed to suffer with a quiet spirit.
Since it is so good, do it for yourself.
Since the affairs of men are still uncertain, let’s go with the worst that could happen.
But matters small to large must be resolved.
Please let me be.
But wait, see!
It is still soft, but it will last a while.
Please, I beg you.
But wait!
But wait!
Tell me.
Do you speak this with a sad voice?
Tell me, Egeus.
Stay for a while.
Stop my ears, I mean my casements, and let the sound of a shallow foppery not enter my sober house.
But officers like that do the kings best in the end.
But then, think about them well and look at them all.
I am sure we will not get him to do it.
He has put me in a mighty mood.
I smile at swords and laugh to shame at them, branded by a man who is born a woman.
But listen to my search and enjoy it with good care.
Tell me, are you not really insane?
Tell me, do you know my voice?
Tell me, is young George Stanley alive?
Do not tell me.
Tell us, do you hear that Antonio has lost his life on the sea?
If I were forbidden to tell you the secrets of my prison house, I would tell you something that would harrow your soul, and freeze your young blood.
I do not.
If it is a double-deal, I wish you could make it another.
I am sure Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me.
When I am still using grief to make wild grief tame, I should not say any more about my boys until I have anchored my nails in your eyes.
The word “compliment” is like two wolves.
If you hate us, you would never live longer.
But you do not love me.
But forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, your savage mistress and your fierce warrior love, Theseus must be wedded and you come to give them joy and prosperity.
That is all that matters: omittance is not a quittance.
But the great man who climbs the hill will draw you after you.
But it is a very rare thing, and it is certainly beyond its reach.
I did not see any harm, and I heard each syllable that sounded like a breath.
The mind is suffering when grief has mates and a good relationship.
There is no woman who is fair in the world who is always fair in the world.
There are many children, little eyases, who cry out the top of the question and are clapped for it.
The Duke was told that Lorenzo and his wife Jessica were seen together in a gondola.
I have gotten out of here my heart, where I cannot live or have any life, and now I have to leave the fountain from which my current life runs or dries
But there is a very old and true saying: “If you win France, start with Scotland.” For once the eagle England is in the prey,
There is still more work to be done.
I am not interested in the bottom line, and I am not interested in the bottom line.
You do not look as good as you are, but if Antony is healthy, he will do a good job of promoting such good news.
I cannot command them to a sense of harmony.
He has made up offers that do not serve his purpose, and so should you.
They will not pinch me, frighten me with urchin-shows, pitch me in the dark, and not lead me in the dark.
But you are not.
But this sex-eternal sex must not be a sign of blood and blood.
I will bring you this good news.
This is not part of my commission.
This is a strange snake.
This is a bit tastier, and the more it seeks to hide itself, the bigger it is.
But here is the thing: our army will stay with us on the hills near the city.
This is very bad, strange, and unnatural.
This place is too cold for hell.
This is not the way to choose me for a husband.
I will break my bankrupt and drown my book more than ever.
People who understood him smiled at him and shook their heads.
You have not been able to strike quickly.
You must be sure my spirits and my position are in the power to make you feel so bitter.
You entertain your wooers with a gentle conversation, soft and affable.
You would not think about how bad everything is about my heart.
You are too much, my friend, and I will not wish you to her.
I am a daughter of his, but I do not like his manners.
Even if my words are utterly mean, take them seriously.
Even if they do not jump on a just account—as in these cases, where the aim is often a little different—they all confirm
Even though you were adjudgmented to death, and you were not recalled to our honour for the slander, I will favor you in all my efforts
Even if we think so, it does not matter.
I trust you will not marry her.
But your vile race, even though you learned it, had something that good natures cannot be with.
I will not sleep until I get back.
But until that time, do not come near me.
But until today, his passion has not risen into a rage.
Be honest and give it back to me again.
I think that even though I am native here and have been born here, it is a common practice to be honored in breach rather than to be observed.
Did he leave him there and eat food to the hungry lioness?
To read his good intentions is to read it like this.
If I were as devoted to a king as I did, I would find it in my heart to give it to you.
I will write “Rosalinda” on the fairest boughs or at every sentence, teaching all who read to know the quintessence of every sprite Heaven
Was this near shore?
But we are not allowed.
But we are other spirits.
But we have to obey and give up our service at your feet, and to obey it.
But we have reason to cool off our raging motions, our lusts, and our lusts.
We will open the curtain and take the picture.
If you give him such a gift, there is gold and my bluest veins to kiss.
Well, well.
If I were Brutus, and Brutus Antony, there would be an Antony who would ruffle your spirits and tongue in every wound of Caesar
If I were not in the better part of the world, I would not seek revenge, you present.
If the day came, I would rather be darkened than that I was couching with the doctor’s clerk.
What a fool I am to chat with you when I should seal the title with a lovely kiss.
What sport are the ladies losing?
What is your affair in Elsinore?
But what about Cicero?
But what about that?
What praise could you give a woman who deserves to be a savage woman?
What is going on?
What do you say to Thursday?
What do you see?
What do you think about this?
What do you mean by fathers, when there is a man such as Orlando?
But what?
What is the trade you are doing?
What do you want?
Has Catesby gone?
But what is the matter, Clarence?
What is your slur?
What do you want?
When I tell him he hates flatterers, he says he does, being flattered.
When should we put the bull’s horns on Benedick’s head?
When they are going to endure the storm, they fall their crests and, like deceitful jades, sink in the storm.
When we become so vicious, the wise gods see our eyes, make us angry, make us laugh at our mistakes, and make us laugh at them.
Where have you been?
Where is Kate?
The more the problem is fixed, the less the problem is.
Where will I go tomorrow?
When unloved young men with unstuffed brains sleep, there is golden sleep.
But where was this?
But where is my fool?
But where is the money?
Why are you not in your shop today?
Why couldn’t I say “Amen”?
Why did you tempt the heavens so much?
Why are you keeping me here so long?
Why did you kill my cousin?
I will do one prayer.
While you are still alive, speak well.
But who is this?
But who is this?
But who is this?
But who is this?
But who is this?
Who is telling her that?
But who is he?
But who was this?
Why should honor be more important than honesty?
Why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do that?
But will you woo this wildcat?
But after Tybalt’s death, Romeo has been banished.
But woo her, gentle Paris, give her heart.
Yesterday, Caesar’s words could have stood against the world.
I do not believe that Ophelia’s grief is due to neglected love. How are you, Ophelia?
If she hated him more deadlyly, she would love him.
You are still going to Egypt.
I cannot love him.
I am still afraid.
I have run before my horse to sell.
But I will go in hate to feed the noble Christian.
I will do everything I can to make sure I am safe and have a chance.
It is not our trick.
I think it is very hot and dark for my skin.
You are a disease in my flesh, my blood, my daughter. Or rather, it is a disease in my flesh, which I must call mine.
You do not draw iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
Which, he or Adrian, starts to crow first for a good reason?
I would rather him be a better place to live.
If you are satisfied with the truth, you may have.
I do not like the phrase “but yet.” It is all about the good news.
But you and I, and honest Casca, we are suffering from the falling sickness.
But you are not like that.
You have to learn how to recognize such slanders, or you may be mistaken.
You see my finger does not have the ring on it.
You will find out that the people in the band who seem to tie their friendships will be the force of their friendship.
I will name the time and speak to the duke in his name, which I suppose he will take part in.
You are perfect, so sane, and created from the best qualities of every creature.
An hour before you took me out of the sea, my sister drowned.
But you will be secret?
You will lie like dogs, and you will not say anything.
But your news is not true.
Wait a minute.
But, alas, Caesar has to bleed for it.
He was ambitious, but I slew on him.
I can learn, he hears after prophecies and dreams, and he says a wizard told him that G would take his inheritance.
I said, on the night of Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen.
The general does not care about music.
As you said, sir, let your bounty take a nap, and I will wake it up.
But Audrey, there is a young man in the forest who claims to you.
But brother, I can tell you strange news that you have not even dreamed of.
He must build churches, or else he will suffer thinking about it with the hobby-horse.
But, by your means, how close is the other army?
I love you so much that danger will seem sporty, and I will go.
But first or last, your fine Egyptian cuisine will get the fame.
He cannot be ruled by a judge.
For my own part, it was Greek to me.
For the sake of the true need, heavens, give me the patience and patience I need.
But, for your conscience?
Please, gentle heavens, stop all intermissions.
Thank God, I would not be able to help you, and I would not be able to help you.
But, good Kate, mock me mercifully, the rather gentle princess, because I love you cruelly.
But you will do this, good Laertes.
Listen, Charmian.
I hear the foot of a man.
But, keep an eye on this arrow.
Please, do not let any of your people disturb me.
When I say that, she looks as pale as any other woman in the versal world.
If you were the devil, you would be fair.
I swear, in faith, that the older I become, the better I will appear.
Are you the one who hangs the verses on the trees where Rosalind is so famous?
You should love the friend of France, because I love France so much that I will not leave a village of it.
But Lepidus, go to Caesar’s house.
Let me see, by ten we will have a hundred Englishmen each.
But like a misbehaved, sullen wench, you are pouting on your fortune and your love.
To keep it from being divulged, let it feed even the smallest part of the world.
Look, Cassius, Caesar is angry, and all the rest look like a chidden train.
But mistress, you know.
But, my good lord, why do you want to do this?
But, my good lord, this boy, born in the forest, has been tutored by his uncle, who claims to be a great magician.
I will tell you all the things that matter in this case.
But, oh, grief, where have you led me?
But, oh, I am not a fool.
Six barbary horses, six French swords, their assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages—that is the French betting against the Danish.
Tell me, Othello.
But Roderigo, if you have something in it, I have more reason to believe than ever. I mean purpose, courage and courage.
But, room, fairy!
But be ruled by me.
I am sorry, since my beings kill me when you do not like them.
Here comes your boy, sir.
I will deliver his challenge by word of mouth, and a report of bravery to the gentleman (as I know his youth will likely get it) into a slander
But, sir, this is a common slip.
But, sir, mark, we use this phrase to say the dead are well.
But, sir, not for my sake, but for your master’s sake, I advise you to use your manners discreetly.
You will pay for this, as much as the metal in your shop will pay.
If I have been defeated in this fight so far, I will fight you.
But, wait!
But, wait!
Tell me, where is the noble Richmond now?
We will not move to Southampton until the king is out.
He is a too ruthless deer, and he is tearing down pale bones and snucking away from home.
If you were wedded, you would have some influence.
Get food and flesh. Come with me to Juliet’s grave, because I have to use you there.
Get out of here.
I think that is true, lady.
I do not know who I am.
By and by.
By and by.
By any house or person?
By God, he is an ass, as in the world.
By God, he will defend his position as well as any military man in the world in the pristine Roman wars.
By God, I think he will slash everything if there are no better ways to go.
By Chrish, la, it is a mistake.
I haven’t spoken to him since I sent him out of the harbor.
He has wronged me by night and day.
By Dromio?
We were heaved from here, but we were blessed to be holed up here.
God’s good health will be a tough thing to do.
I swear, by God, I will tell you.
I swear I am not, I am not, my gentlemen.
I saw my handkerchief in my handkerchief.
I will tell his majesty that I have been taunting him for a long time.
I will have it.
I swear, I will make a ghost of him that lets me.
I swear, in my opinion, it is as appropriate for us old people to think beyond ourselves.
I swear, I gave it to the doctor.
That should be my handkerchief!
By heaven, your madness will be paid by weight until our sword turns the beam.
By heaven, you are wrong.
The duke will know how slack you were.
By Hercules, I think I am right.
I have never been a king of the duke of Clarence, but I have been a strong advocate to plead for him.
I will give you bloody teeth if you return with Caesar paragon, my man of men.
I swear by Jacob’s staff, I do not think I will be feasting tonight.
By Janus, I do not think so.
By Jeshu, I am your Majesty’s countryman, I do not care who knows what I am saying.
By Jove that thunders!
By God, I am not a coward for gold, and I do not care who eats at my expense.
By Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Juno, I swear “Yes.” They do not want it.
Jupiter, this is not a reason for revocation.
By Jupiter, if I were Antonio’s wearer, I would not shave my beard today.
I will, and when I break that oath, let me turn into a monster.
I swear, I love you, Kate.
I swear, I was your mother in the years you have been a virgin.
I swear he is very swift and sceptical.
I swear, you have great reason to be sad.
I swear, a good nap.
I swear by my hand and my father’s soul that the work is not done.
I swear, here come the Capulets.
I do not care.
I swear by my holy order, I thought you were better prepared.
I swear by my knavery (if I had it), I would.
I swear to do that, which I love most, even though I am a magician.
I swear I am alive.
I swear by my soul that man has no power to change me.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
I swear it is not so good, and I assure your cousin will say so.
That is a good song.
She is a nice-spirited lady.
I swear he will make the crow a pudding of this day.
I swear, I am sick.
I swear, sir, I am thinking about my thoughts.
My lord, I will speak to the king about my conscience.
I am not going to take her to this company.
It is a good thing to say.
I do not know what to think of it, but she loves him with a raged heart, and it is beyond the realm of thought.
My little body is tired of this great world.
I am sure you will never get a husband if you are so clever in your language.
Sir Toby, you have to come in early oclock.
No, it is good to be one of my friends.
I swear, the fool has an excellent voice.
I swear, you have a good hand.
I am very happy.
No, I do not.
No, “what?
We have a man by our beards (if we had them).
By divine grace.
I know him well.
By running fast.
What else?
Tomorrow I will be at the height of my heart-hearing, and I will think my brother is happy with what he wants.
I would rather accuse myself of such despair.
It is daylight, and dark night strangles the lamp.
By your law of war, you were not bound to answer an unknown question.
By the way, it is like a camel.
We met my wife, her sister, and a savage group of vile confederates.
By the apostle Paul, shadows have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than ten thousand of Richmond’s soldiers have.
By the eighth hour.
By the fire that makes Niluss slime, I will go from here to your soldier, servant, and make peace or war as you want.
By nine oclock.
The Lord, madam, you wrong me, and the world will know.
I was about to say something.
I swear by the mess that my eyes are smuggling, and I will de-gud service, or I will go to death.
I swear by the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked is coming.
I believe my wife is honest and I do not think she is.
By you, and this was the reason you returned from him: that he shook you and, in his blows, denied my house and my wife.
By this hand, Claudio will be able to explain it.
I swear by this hand.
By this hand, I love you.
I will wear that gown with this hand.
By this hand, they are scoundrels and substractors who say so.
I would hate him by this kind of chase, because my father hated his father very much.
By this leek, I will be terribly revenged.
By this light, a perfidious and drunken monster.
By this marriage, all the little jealousies that now seem great, and all the great fears that now threaten their lives would disappear.
I would slam the sternest eyes that look, outbrave the heart most daring on earth, and pluck the young lions from the shebear,
I will kill him by this sword, the one who makes the first thrust.
I will, by this sword.
I think the dial is five.
By two oclock I will be with you again.
What is the rule, sir?
What?
I swear by which I do not swear you love me, but my blood begins to flatter me, even though my face is bleak and untempering.
By your way, hostess.
I swear by your gracious pardon, I am only singing after you.
I cannot help you visit them.
I will have to rest.
No, you are patient.
Byr Lady, thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have never been more successful in their officers than in their own hands.
Caesar and he are more friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are on the field.
Caesar and Lepidus have waged wars against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar is hard on me, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar gets money wherever he loses his heart.
Caesar has sent. Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself has work, and our oppression is more than we expected.
Caesar is sad, and Lepidus is troubled since Pompey’s feast, Menas says, is plagued with rotten bones.
Caesar is touched.
Caesar is waiting.
Caesar sends greetings to the Queen of Egypt and asks you to study what you want to do to get him to you.
Caesar will go.
He should be a beast without a heart if he stays home today for fear.
Caesar sits down in Alexandria, where I will fight against his fate.
Caesar speaks.
Caesar, it has struck eight.
Caesar, hail!
Caesar, and since Sextus Pompeius was ruined in Sicily, we had not rated him as the captain of the island.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I bring you the word Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates who make the sea serve them.
Caesar, I am going.
Caesar, I never stood on ceremonies, but now they are frightening me.
I will.
I will.
I will.
Caesar, my lord.
Caesar, you are revenged, even with the sword that killed you.
Caesar, you cannot die by a traitor unless you bring them with you.
Caesar, you are thinking about this.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar.
Caesar’s better parts will be crowned in Brutus.
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.
Caesar’s will?
Caesar.
Caius Ligarius is rated as a good man for talking well about Pompey.
Caliban!
Call them.
Call Burgundy.
Call Claudio and some of my men.
Call out my household servants.
Call out Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest of the family.
Call her out to me.
Call her out, brother.
Call him here, soldier.
Call him here, Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my lady.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers.
Call it my fear that keeps you in the house, not yours.
Call me what instrument you want, even if you cant fret me, but you cant play me.
Call my guard, please.
Call my sister that.
Call my train together.
Do not call me your stocks.
Call Philostrate.
Call the sneering back.
Call the messenger.
Call the slave back.
Call them back again.
Call them out.
Call yourself your sister, because I am you.
Call me all my sad captains.
Call up the Master Constable.
Are you calling me fair?
Are you calling me daughter?
Are you calling this a sneering?
Do you call this a slut?
Do you call me?
Call me, Mercutio.
Call me.
Have you called me, my lord?
Calling death banishment is like cutting off my head with a golden ax and smiling at the stroke that killed me.
Is that my lord?
Are you calling for your Worship?
My wife, Calphurnia, here she is.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s face is pale, and Cicero’s face is as fiery as we saw him in the Capitol.
Cambio is transformed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Didn’t he come home tonight?
Didn’t they come by you?
Have you come from Bellario’s office in Padua?
Can any of your neighbors tell you, Kate?
Can we do anything about that?
Can Fulvia die?
Can he be angry?
Can he deny that?
Can heaven be so jealous?
Can I bear that with patience, and not with my husband’s secrets?
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can it be possible that no one saw them?
Can’t prayers pierce you?
Can the virtue hide itself?
Can you blame her for being a virgin who rose with the virgin king’s robe, if she denies the appearance of a blind boy in her naked eyes?
Can you deny all this?
Can you do that?
Can you ask him to leave and be edified by a report?
Can’t you use your dissatisfaction to make money?
Can’t you imagine?
Can’t you stay for a while?
Can you remember any of the principal evils he committed against women?
Can you smell him out of that?
Can you tell me if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, has been banished?
Can you tell me if one of Launcelot’s friends lives with him?
Cant live his life, dear God, so I can say, “The dog is dead.”
Canidius and the rest of the people who were killed have entertainment but no trust.
Canidius, our nineteen liars will be held on land, and our twelve thousand horses will be held.
Cant a plain man live and do no harm to him without being tricked by slick, slick, slick jacks?
Can’t Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to the party?
Can you keep your eyes up for a while and tune your instrument?
Can you remember a time before we came to this cell?
Can you help me so badly?
Can you command the beggar to get his knees?
Captain Fluellen.
Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman, that is true, and he is a great soldier and a great expert in the war, based on my particular knowledge of his direction
Captain Macmorris, I beg you to ask, will you scold me, look at me, some disagreements with you as part of the war, the Roman wars?
Captain Macmorris, I think, look, under your guidance, there are not many of your nation.
Captain Macmorris, when there is more room for me to go, I will be bold enough to tell you I know the rules of war and there is an end.
Captain, I beg you to do me good.
He is always in the eye of every old man, and when he is in the mood, he will never lie.
Then he was transported to Colmekill, the sacred storehouse of his predecessors, and to protect their bones.
Take him to my bedroom and hang all my ill-tempered pictures around it.
Go to jail?
Father Baptista, I tell you that he is ready.
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what is going on.
Casca, be quiet, because we are afraid of prevention.
By your voice, Casca.
Casca, you are the first to raise your hand.
If Cassio did top her, ask your husband.
Cassio was captured here in the dark by Roderigo and fellows who escaped.
Cassio does not know you.
Cassio will have my place.
Cassio, do you think they should be the ones who have mangled you?
Cassio has killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio is a good man.
Cassio is my worthy friend. My lord, I see you are angry.
Cassius will deliver Cassius to the court.
Cassius, be quiet.
Cassius, do not be fooled.
Cassius, go to the other street and divide the street.
Cassius, what night is this?
Get it out of here.
Do not cast on water.
Cast your humble slough,” she said.
Catesby, go to the duke.
Catesby, look at the walls.
Catesby.
The lust of the king is never more admirable than the lustful.
Censure me in your wisdom, and awaken your senses so you can judge me better.
You are a sane, blustery woman, with rich leas of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and peas; your turfy mountains
Some of you.
Men should look like they are.
My master, I will bet my conscience will help me run away from this Jew.
Yes, sir, I can.
Cesario is your name, a fair princess.
Cesario, come here, because you will be as good as you are while you are a man.
Cesario, you have not made a promise with me.
Cessez!
Encourage me to fight with him.
Do you like your color?
Charles, I thank you for your love for me, which you will find I will be repaid for.
Charmian, listen.
Charmian!
Chastisement!
Cheer your heart.
Cheer up, boys.
Cheer up, good Adam.
Is that the nature’s behavior so frugal?
Do not let go of it without a sigh of relief.
Chill pick your teeth.
Choose your revenge.
Chop off his head.
Chopped logic!
Cicero is dead, and he is a proscription.
Cicero one?
Clarence is still alive, and Edward is still alive and reigning.
Claribel.
Claudio!
Cleopatra has nodded him to her.
Cleopatra, Do you think there was or could there be a man like that who I dreamed of?
Cleopatra, Why should I think you are my true man, even though you swear to shake the throne gods?
Cleopatra, who caught the least noise from this thing, dies instantly.
Cleopatra, do not abuse my master’s bounty by removing yourself.
Cleopatra, not what you have reserved or acknowledged.
Close by, my master.
Clubs cannot break them.
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Cobweb.
I am cold friends to people.
I am cold, cold, and I am not as chaste as you are.
Is it coldhearted toward me?
Do you have to pay for ransom again?
Come on, good Audrey.
Come, go away.
Come, servant, come.
Come on.
Come between us, Benvolio.
Come to my room.
Come down, see no more.
Come down.
Come out, I say.
Come out, you fearful man.
Come out.
Come from your bedroom, because I can disarm you with this stick and make your weapon drop.
Come here, captain.
Come here, Catesby.
Come here, come!
Come here, Fabian.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, gentlemen, and put your hands on my sword again.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Come here, herald, and let the trumpet sound.
Come here, knight.
Come here, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come here, my mistress.
Come here, Seacole.
Come here, Nurse.
Come here, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, sir.
Come here, you sneering!
Come on, wake Diana with a hymn!
Come in, tailor.
Let’s go.
Come like shadows, so depart.
Do not come in here, uncle.
Do not come near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
What dances should we have to endure between dinner and bedtime for three hours?
Come on, let’s talk about your promise.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on, then.
Come on, tell me.
Come on, come on.
Come on, my lord, look good and look good.
Come on, Gods name, and go back to our father’s house.
Come on, Nerissa, I have some work to do that you do not know.
Come on, sir, tell me how you have done your job.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, come on.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, one more.
Come out of the storm.
Come on on the next sabbath, and I will be happy to help you.
Come on.
Come on, take the last warmth of my lips.
Are they from a noble family?
Do not come out to get ransom, noble herald.
Come on, Signior Fabian.
Come to me, so I can speak more about this.
Tyrrel, come to me shortly after dinner when you tell me the story of their death.
Come on, what matters?
Come with a thought.
Come with my lady.
Are you coming from old Bellario?
Are you coming to make confession to this Father?
Come on, sir.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, “The croaking raven bellows for revenge.”
Come on, Antonio.
Come on, get out of here.
Come on, go away.
Come on, Balthasar, we will hear that song again.
Come on, be a man.
Come on, start.
Come on, ask me to do anything for you.
Come, bird, come.
Come, blade, and I will imbrue my breast.
Come with me, boy.
Come on, boy.
Come, firebrands, firebrands.
Come on, take me to my chance.
Come, bring me where they are.
Come, bring us to him.
Come, brother, let’s go!
Come on, hurry, hurry.
Come on, Casca, you and I will see Brutus at his house on the day.
Come on, Charmian.
Come, night civil, you handsome matron, all dressed in black, and learn how to lose a winning match for a pair of women.
Come, take a queen who has many babies and beggars.
Come on, come away.
Come on, come away.
Come with me, and we will do a little work.
Come, come, go away.
Come, come, dispatch.
Come on, do you think I do not recognize you by your excellent wit?
Come on, wine is a familiar creature.
Come, come, let’s go.
Come on, I will not be a fool anymore.
Come on, you are as hot a Jack in your mood as any in Italy, and you are getting ready to go.
Come on, come on, we are afraid of the worst.
Come, come, we know what you are talking to, brother Gloucester.
Come, come, fight with your affections.
Come on, you are a fool, and you have turned it into extreme love.
Come on, you rotten, rotten worms!
Come on, come on, you will never find a more trustworthy man.
Come on, you are drunk.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, cousin, I am sure you love him.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come, Desdemona, I have only an hour to spend with you.
Come, Dolabella, see the high order in this great honor.
Come down into the boat.
Come on, open the curtain, Nerissa.
Come, Dromio, come, these sneezes are out of season.
Come, father, I will give you a friend.
Come, Laertes, for the third time.
Come, Friar Francis, be brief, and you will explain their duties to us later.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go to my tent to discuss tomorrow’s business.
Come on, gentlemen, let’s go.
Come on, come with me.
Come in.
Come on, we will go see the king.
Come on, we will go see the king.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come on, go.
Come on, good Athenian.
Come on, good fellow, put your sword on.
Come, Grey.
Come, Hamlet, come and take this hand from me.
Come on, hang them on this rope.
Come, help your master.
Come on, how would you praise me?
Come on, I will bring you to your bridal chamber.
Come on, I will have you, but I will take you for pity.
Come on, I will leave you with a sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I will go in with you.
Come, what key should a man take you to sing?
Come, example.
Come on, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come on, Kate, we will go to bed.
Come on, let me have a bigger one.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
Let’s go.
Come on, let’s wait until we get ready, so we can get some help from our savages.
Come on, let’s go to the banquet.
Come on, let’s go to the castle.
Come on, let’s have our hands wiped away until we have soaked our sense in a soft and delicate Lethe.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Let’s go.
Let’s do that.
Come on, let’s have one more gaudy night.
Do you want to comfort Edward with our company?
Come on, march to fairs and markets.
Come on, Menas.
Come on, mistress Kate, I will keep you safe.
Come on, more, more.
Come, my dear Cordelia.
Come on, my lord, and tell me in our flight how it came when I found myself sleeping on the ground with these mortals this night.
Come on, my lord.
Come on, my words.
Come on, my sweet Kate.
Come on, put your sword up, my young soldier.
Come, Nerissa.
Come, night.
Come, no matter what you do.
Come on, one for me.
Come, poor friends, rest on this rock.
Come on, prepare.
Come on, put my armor on.
Come, Romeo.
Come, find out the conspirators.
Come on, will I make you two friends?
Come on, should we do it?
Come on, should we fall to work?
Come on, should we go and kill us in a venison?
Come on, should we hear this music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there is no cure.
Come, sir, get out of here.
Come on, sir, I am for you.
Come, sir, please, go.
Come on, sir, I will not let you go.
Come to dinner, sir.
What letters did you have from France that you were sending?
Come on, sir, will you come aboard?
You threw it at her, and she wants it back.
Come on, sir.
Come on, sir, no more.
Come on, sirs.
Come, sister. Shepherdess, look at him better and be not proud.
Come, sisters, cheer him up and show him our best wishes.
Come, sit down, every mother’s son, and listen to your thoughts.
Come on, sit on me.
Come on, sit, sit, and sing a song.
Come on, listen to some music.
Come on, listen to some music.
Come on, stir up, stir up, stir up!
Come on, sweet Audrey.
Come on, tailor, let’s see.
Come on, tailor, let’s see these ornaments.
Come on, do not talk about her.
Come, nymphs, and help us celebrate our love agreement.
Come on, the recorders!
Come on, there is a sauce for it.
Come on, send his body to Thasos.
Day in night, because you will be Whiteer than snow on a raven’s back.
Come, you mortal wretch, with your sharp teeth this knot is intrinsic to life once again.
Come on, you tortoise!
Come on, throw it out of my face.
Come on, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, go and enter Harfleur.
Come on, Vaughan.
Come on, vial.
Come on, wait on him.
Come, warble, come.
Come on, we are burning daylight.
Come on, we will have him in a dark room and tie him up.
Come on, we will sleep.
Come on, what does Romeo say?
Where is the chain?
Come on, why are you so sane?
Come on, will you come with me?
Come on, listen to me, listen to me, because now I am in a good mood.
Come on, you and I will go here now.
Come on, you are too serious to be moral.
Come on, you are fooling yourself.
Come on, you look paler and more paler.
Come on, listen to your broken music, because your voice is music and your English is broken.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Is Caesar coming to the Capitol tomorrow?
Is his army on the way?
Isn’t that blood as modest as it is to witness simple virtue?
Is there any more of it?
Be calm.
Two mighty eagles, coming from Sardinia, fell on our former ship, and perched there, feeding from our soldiers hands.
Command him to leave.
Give him a shout and tell him I will not be able to stop him from eating, because he is really ready.
Give my praises to Lord William.
Give my dear lord praise.
Give my regards to your lady, and ask her to hurry her to bed, which makes them apt to do so.
Give my regards to your lady.
Give my praises to your mistress.
Give my regards to your daughter.
Have you heard anything?
Come on, come on!
Company is coming.
Tell the Duke of this indignity.
In the strongest works, think about the weakest people.
Ask her father.
I will tell you something more important than I say it. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I
It is a good thing to think about it, but as your daughter may think, look at it.
Let’s conclude that he is in love.
Go to my host.
I would have been a part of my confession.
Give her your help to put you back in your position.
I am working on my medicine, my work.
You left them in the grove that protects your cell from the storm.
Yes, it is confirmed.
He is making a mistake.
The cure for confusion does not live in these confusions.
I say.
God bless you to the deepest pit.
I should stay with the Jew, my master, who, God bless the name of the devil, is a kind of devil.
If you are willing to pay me for something I never had?
Accept to swear.
Think about how it stands for me.
Let’s look at the fact that we are only coming in spite of it.
In Alexandria, he condemned Rome and all this.
I am a bit worried about the sneering noise.
Let’s go, gentle cousin.
What is the difference between Hermia and her?
Let’s go, gentlemen.
Good-bye.
Content.
Content.
Go get her to my tent.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood, then the charm is firm and good.
Coraggio, bully-monster, if these are true spies I wear in my head, here is a good sight to see.
I will call Corinth the first.
We will be back for a while.
Would beauty have better business than honesty?
I could repair what she will wear in me, and it would be better for Kate and better for myself.
Would my good brother suffer you to do it?
Can’t a snake, an adder, do that?
Can’t you tell me that I made me hate you and leave you like that?
Do you have to give up?
Claudio?
Count the clock.
Take my daughter, and with her I will do my best.
I promise you against false promises.
Is it a fraud?
Count Claudio, when are you going to church?
Add it to something.
Be calm, man.
Be calm.
Let’s say one thing.
Cousin of Buckingham, let’s talk to you.
Cousin, you weren’t going to be so dull.
Cousin, you are apprehending shrewly.
Cousins, I hope the days are coming and that the rooms will be safe.
Cousins, you know what to do. I cry you, my friend.
Cowards die before their deaths many times.
Crack your fragile case!
He has been killed?
Do not croak, black angel.
Do not cross him in nothing.
Tell him that, and then I grant that we will put a stinger on him so he can be in danger.
The Crowner’s quest law.
I have crowns in my purse and goods at home, and so I am coming abroad to see the world.
Please, holla, tell me to tell me.
Tell me one fair word about my gossip, one word of wisdom for her purblind son and heir, Young Abraham Cupid, who shot so true when
Please tell us, gentlemen, that you are a tardy sluggard.
Give the man mercy, love him, and take his offer.
The crystal is muddy.
Cunningham.
Cupid is a savage man who makes poor women go crazy.
Cure her of that.
Do not curse yourself, fair creature; you are both.
I am sorry I did.
Cursed to be your stones for making me look like this.
Cut my lace, Charmian, and come!
“Delbow.” “Delbow,” “De nick,” “De nick.”
You have enchanted her, you are as disgusted as you are.
Do you want to kill a friend of mine?
The dark night that catches the eye makes the ear panic.
Darkness and devils.
It does not matter how much France loves you.
Day, night, hour, and night, when it is time to work, play, alone, in company, I have always been happy to have her
You are dead.
Dead, dead?
I think it is dead. Help, uncle!
That is dead?
Dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I am more devoted to you than I am to your mistress, and would you be a bit happier?
Dear Duff, I beg you, and I will tell you that I am not.
Dear general, I have never given you any reason to say anything.
Dear Kate, you and I cannot be restricted to the poor of country’s fashion.
I am telling you, my lord.
Dear lady, please leave me alone.
Hello, dear lady.
Dear love, nurse.
Dear master, I cannot go any further.
Dear my lord, I do not know her.
Dear lord, if you have defended her and defeated her virginity, I know what you are saying.
Dear lord, tell me what you have to say.
Dear sir, stop!
Dear sovereign, listen to me.
Dear, they would not, and I did not, because my people bore me or put me on the business so bloodyly.
Dearly, my dear Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the best way to cover her shame.
Death is on her like a frost on the sweetest flower in the world.
He is still alive, though he is not alive.
One person can only pay for death once, and she has paid for it.
Death of your soul!
Death gives her fame, because she never dies.
Death has not sucked the honey from your breath, but it has ruined your beauty.
Death, who has sent her to make me cry, ties up my tongue and won’t let me speak.
Death, traitor!
Death is the end of everything.
Decius Brutus does not love you.
Decius, tell them that Caesar will not come.
Decius, well urged.
Tell me your job.
Do it!
Do not delay, Caesar.
Wait for a month, a week.
Do not ask me anything.
You are going to be.
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.
Demetrius loves her, and he does not love you.
Demetrius loves you.
Demetrius does not think so.
Demetrius, I will keep my word with you.
That is what I am saying.
Denmark is a prison.
Do not give me this, and you will be cursed forever.
Do you refuse to speak with me?
Descend, brother, I say.
Descend, because you are my torchbearer.
Descend.
I would like him to go in.
Stop and drink.
Stop and die.
Stop, and die.
Do not shame me if I do not.
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, and killed.
Do not jot down, I am telling you.
Dexterously, madam.
Did you wake up?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Kate ever make a tree as a king as this in this chamber?
Did a dragon ever hide in such a beautiful cave?
Did he ask for me?
Did he confess?
He was alive now.
Didn’t he ever make you laugh?
Didn’t he discredit my authority with yours rather than make the wars against my stomach, having the same effect on your cause?
Didn’t he say my brother was leaving?
Did he get you right?
Did he take interest?
Did heaven look on and do not want to take part?
Did I deserve anything more than a fool’s head?
Didn’t I ask you to meet me in the park and bring these rascal pigs with you?
Didn’t I meet up with your friends?
Didn’t I tell you she was innocent?
Didn’t I, my fellow?
Did I ever love Caesar like this, Charmian?
Did Michael Cassio know when you wooed my lady, about your love?
Did my father strike my gentleman for scolding him?
Didn’t great Julius bleed for justice?
Did her kitchenmaid scolde and taunt me?
Did you say something?
Didn’t you tell me I should know the man he had on his clothes?
Did she see you there for a while?
Did this servant with the saffron face feast on the saffron face and feast it at my house today while the guilty doors were closed.
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
Did we, my lord?
Did you and he consent to Cassio’s death?
Did you talk to him?
Did you talk to this lady?
Did you ever cure anything like that?
Did you know him?
Did you hear someone say, “Two can keep a good friend, putting one away?
Did you never see the picture of “We Three”?
Did you speak to it?
Did you see how he laughed at his vice?
Did you say everything?
Did you say Cassio?
Did you see him?
Did you see Master Lorenzo?
Did you send to him?
Did you?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief?
Eros, Eros!
Did you hear her speak?
Didn’t you mention that?
Did you see?
Did you see Octavia?
Did you dream, Lucius, that you cried out so loud?
Did you give everything to your two daughters, and are you going to this?
Did you hear these verses?
Did you find a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter?
Did you hear a noise?
Did you hear someone?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
Did you kill this king?
Didn’t you say he is?
Didn’t you say he lied?
Did you see anything?
Die and be damned, and that is good.
Die for adultery?
Die when you have lived.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I swore to do this ruthless butchery, were villains, bloody dogs, melted with tenderness and mild compassion, and wept like
I was drinking at home.
Ding, dong, bell.
I am going to Caesar’s funeral.
Are you really serious about that?
Are you a commander, are you popular, and common?
She is so angry and angry that everything else seems weak to her.
Do not be ashamed of your mothers.
Is it disloyal?
Don’t you think this is the captains Macbeth and Banquo?
Do you want to leave?
Dismiss me.
Go see what you are doing.
Take away your tuck, be prepared, because your assailant is quick, skillful, and deadly.
We are in awe of the disorder that has ruined us.
Let’s get to the point, so that our king will come here to ask about our delay, because he has already landed on this land.
Dispose, I say, and find the forester.
Discord.
Dissolution, Enobarbus!
I hope you see my war today, and you know the occupation of the royal army.
Dispose it like a man.
Do not resemble your hatred.
I can say the gods themselves weep.
Do it, knight.
Do it.
Do all men kill things they do not love?
Go, as I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do as you want, because I have done with you.
Just follow him and see how he continues.
Look.
Just promise, Kate, you will be a good boy for your French part, and for my English part, take the word of a king and a bachelor.
Just read it.
Do I invite you?
Is it a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop?
Do I speak to you well?
Do it immediately, or your services are only accidental.
Do it carefully.
Do not do it with poison.
Do it quickly.
England, do it, because like the rest of my blood, he rages, and you have to cure me.
Do it.
Do not play me foul, friends.
Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice.
Do not abuse me.
Do not answer me.
Do not go to the hotel until you hear me call you.
Do not believe that I would play and tremble with your reverence.
Do not ask me to speak.
Do not break it off, because we can pity you, even if we do not pardon you.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Do not deny that.
Do not want to see this letter.
I will have my lord and you again as friendly as you were before.
Do not worry about our person.
Do not worry about the action, monsieur.
Do not go out today.
Do not laugh at me, because I think this lady is my child.
Do not tell me about him, Emilia, even if he is your husband.
Do not lie so close to me.
Do not pretend I am my love.
Do not rise yet.
Do not run away.
Do not say “banishment.” From now on, you have been banned from Verona.
Do not say that, Lysander.
Do not say that, my lord.
Do not do that.
Do not swear at all.
Do not talk to me, Emilia.
Do not walk too open.
Do not think it is so unreliable.
Do not think I am drunk.
Do not torture me, please.
Do not torture me.
Do not cry, do not cry.
Do not scold yourself.
Do you hear a cry?
Do you love me?
Do not interfere.
That is why he won’t knock that over your cap on that dagger.
Do not do yourself such a wrong, who is not betrayed.
Do not do that, my lord.
Do not do that, Phoebe.
Do some good thing for Poor Tom, who is beaten up by the devil.
Do so, and I will leave you for two days.
Do so, and tell my sweet to prepare to scold me.
Do so, Messala.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do that good thing that could make this island yours forever, and I, Caliban, your footlicker.
Do the boys carry it away?
Do then, but I will not hear anything.
Are they getting rusty?
Do they think they did the same thing when I was in the city?
Do this quickly, and make him a man.
Do this suddenly, and do not go search and inquisition to bring back these foolish runaways.
Do you stand for him?
You meet me at the harbor.
Do your duty and do your duty, because my master and mistress are almost dead.
Do your job.
Do your worst.
We all have holy rites.
We will find the power of the tyrant tonight, so we can be beaten if we cannot fight.
Do so.
Do we bother you?
Do what you want, and you will be dishonored by humor.
Do you like it?
Do you think his “offers,” as you call them?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Are you near me now?
Do you confess so much?
Do you agree to the contract?
Do you agree that we will inform him of it, as we need it to be, and as we need it?
Do you doubt that?
You are trying to anger Cassio either by speaking too loud or tainting his discipline, or by leaving him alone.
Do you feel so dreadful that you cannot let this go?
Are you back feeling dismayed?
Do you hear a battle about it?
Do you hear that, Cassio?
Do you hear them, masters?
Do you hear me, you minion?
Do you hear that?
Do you want it?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you know him?
Do you know, father?
Do you know me?
Do you know me?
Do you know them?
Do you know what you are saying?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you like this rush?
Do you love me?
Do you remember that, my lord?
Do you remember that?
Do you doubt this sword and these wounds?
Do you hear him?
Do you hear it ring?
Do you hear me speak?
Do you hear anything?
Don’t you scolde?
Don’t you know I am a woman?
Do you know, father?
Do you remember that Bardolph saw a flea stick on Bardolph’s nose, and he said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Do you remember that your father was a Venetian scholar and soldier who arrived here with the Marquess of Montferrat?
Don’t you see that I am out of breath?
Do you see in all this noble company where you owe the most respect?
Are you putting tricks on a bunch of savages and men of Ind?
Have you had a fight?
Do you think I should be a good man, because I am a simple, honest man?
Do you see this, God?
Do you see a cloud that looks like a camel?
Do you see, gentlemen?
Do you sing, and I will dance.
Do you smell a fault?
Do you speak in the sick?
Do you think I meant country matters?
Do you think I will be sworn in?
Do you win?
Do you wish the gods had made me poetical?
Take a break from here.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it, my friend.
Do, good William.
I am sorry, but I will admit that tears do not make me a man.
Do not do it if it does not stand.
Do, with a timorous accent and a dire yell, as when the fire is spewed in large cities by night.
Do it, young sir.
Do it.
Does anyone here know who I am?
Does he rave?
Does she?
Doesn’t it go well?
Doing is a job, and he will do it.
Dolabella, I will keep you from paying.
Dolabella!
Dolabella!
Yes, indeed, he is doing well.
The civil war will ravage all parts of Italy.
Don Pedro is coming.
Donalbain.
The Hero who died here was a liar.
Do not do that.
Dorset has fled to Richmond.
Dorset, embrace him.
Do you fall?
Do you grant me, hedgehog?
Do you want to kill her, Claudio?
Do you believe that the boy can do all this he has promised?
Are you calling me a fool?
Do you forget what kind of torture I freed you from?
Do you hear it, Iago?
Do you hear anything, lady?
Do you hear me, my friend?
Do you hear it?
Do you live there?
Do you think that women who abuse their husbands so cruelly do?
Do you know me?
Do you know the difference between a bitter fool and a sweet one?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you live by your slur?
Do you love me?
Do you love pictures?
Do you mean the crown?
Do you mock me?
Don’t you bring me letters from the friar?
Do you see my baby at my breast, that is the nurse who sleeps?
Do you suspect my position?
Don’t you suspect my years?
Are you scolding, sneering?
Do you think so?
Are you squinting at me?
Do you think Alexander looked like this on earth?
Do you think I am looking for a satire or a syllable?
Do you think that if I stood against you, I would give you any trust, or value?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand me?
Is Fortune playing the huswife with me now?
Doesn’t he deserve a good deal?
He should not be re-empowered?
Is his Majesty indifferent to it?
So, is it going to be that you should love his son?
Is it?
Does my simple feature help you?
Do you say yes, Nurse, what about that?
Don’t Brutus kneel without a boot?
Doesn’t my wit confuse me very quickly?
Do you want to break the day?
Doesn’t the gentleman deserve as much as ever a bed as Beatrice will sleep?
Doesn’t she recognize that we have made such a noble gentleman to be her bride?
I am going to die.
Is the moon shining that night?
Is this good news of good King Edward’s death?
Do you hear your other mouth call me?
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
It is not true, as two spent swimmers clinging together and choking their art.
A rotten lamb, rotten with rotten doves.
Women are above the average centaurs.
I will tell you in your mind that you can sell when you want; you are not for all markets.
Down with him, thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Down with the topmast!
Down and swear.
Go down and ask the Duke to forgive him.
Close, sluggish windows.
Draw and come.
Draw your honest sword, which you have worn most effectively for your country.
Draw the curtain straight away.
Draw the curtains.
Draw your sword and give me a stroke of death.
Draw your sword.
Draw your sword.
Draw together.
Draw up your powers.
Draw your sword!
Draw your sword.
Draw your sword, because even if it is night, the moon shines.
Draw your sword, or I will make you so rogue.
I am a savage man.
Drink.
Drink when I asked you.
You, Dromio, you snail, you slug, you slug.
Dromio, ask the servants to prepare dinner.
Dromio, or you?
Dromio, what stuff did you have to do with mine?
Drones are not coming with me.
Drowning cats and blind puppies.
Do you want to drown yourself?
Drunk?
We drink our blood with dry sorrow.
Dry up her body and never give her a baby to honor her.
You are due for a necklace your husband had with him.
Duke Frederick, hearing how men of great importance retreated to this forest every day, addressed a powerful force who were on foot to take his brother here and put him to the sword.
I am saying that.
I do not know.
That is true, my lord.
That is true.
The Nile is a pretext for hunger.
Every heart in Rome loves and pities you.
Every day new widows howl, new orphans cry, and new sorrows strike heaven on the face.
We will rise and leave early tomorrow.
In fact, stealing men often do so near the bottom, run by fear or a sluggish rut.
I am nothing.
Edmund and I have talked, and he is more convenient for me than for your lady.
I think Edmund has gone to save his night life and to criticize the enemy’s strength.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Edmund, goodbye.
Edmund, look for him, please.
Edward Plantagenet, why are you dead?
Edward’s unhappy sons want you to flourish.
Egypt, you knew too well that my heart was tied to your rudder, and you should swoop after me.
Eight people have eight hours to spare?
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast, and only twelve people were there.
Either be patient and kind, or I will drown your rants with the clamorous report of war.
Either the lightning strikes the murderer dead heaven, or the lightning strikes the earth wide and devours him.
Either my eyesight is failing, or you look pale.
Either send the necklace to me, or send me a token.
Either there is a civil battle in heaven, or the whole world, too sane with the gods, encourages them to send destruction.
Either you or I, or both of us have to accompany him.
Either you, Macbeth, or I will shave my sword with an unbattered edge again and again.
Either go to some private place, or explain your concerns with cold cold, or else go away.
The Puck is a liar.
Richmond’s strongness makes me more upset about him than Buckingham’s.
All three of them are ready.
Emilia, run to the castle and tell my lord and lady what happened.
Enjoy the honey-rich, slumbery.
Enjoy your plainness.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, with over $100,000 in cash.
Hello, Enobarbus.
Enobarbus?
Enough to buy what you have made public.
Enough, Captain.
Enough, I am.
Enough.
Enough.
Enough.
Enter the castle, sir.
The lust and lust make it look more like a tavern or a brothel than a palace.
If he leaves this forest, you will fly him, and he will seek your love.
He is on his way to France and Southampton.
I will obey.
I am sorry, I tell you how my friend is doing.
I would say I would drown myself for the sake of a guinea hen, and I would be a baboon.
I wish I could copy it.
The bat has escaped his cloistered flight, and the black Hecate summons the shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums to snatch up nighttime.
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
Eros, do you see me yet?
Eros, would you be in the great Rome, and see your master bend his arrows, his arrows smothered to shame, while
I am wrong about the bill, sir. I am wrong about the bill.
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, a bliss in our eyebrows’ bent bent, and none of our parts were so poor.
You would trot as well if some of your shins were dismounted.
There is a toy in hand here, sir.
It is like a flattened dream or a useless fancy.
Even as men wracked on a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide.
Thank you for that.
I ask you, for our old love, to hold my sword in my hands while I run on it.
I will get justice for the blood I lost for you.
The one who makes her queen.
Yes, he is, madam.
He is just that, sir.
He is just that.
Here we are shaking hands.
Antipholus has given me the money that I owe you.
Now a tailor showed me silks he had bought for me, and then took my measurements.
We have housed him here in the abbey, and now he is there thinking about human reason.
Very soon, an old black ram will tump on your white ewe.
Now, sir.
Even or oddly, of all the days in the year, on the night of Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen.
She is Leonato’s Hero, every man’s Hero.
Until you left it.
Even great men should suffer great losses.
She is crying and weeping and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Can one catch the plague so quickly?
And so?
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true. Cover their faces.
You are a husband like her for a wife.
You will be here tonight at my house.
We will be punished when we get ready.
That is what I am paying for.
You were willing to enjoy the tragedy of the city.
I will do whatever I want, my lord.
Even if you want, since you will get it.
Ever weeping for your cousin’s death?
Every hour he is committed a crime that puts us all in a bad mood.
Every inordinate cup is empty and the food is a devil.
Every man looks at his part.
Everyone wants to follow this beautiful corpse to her grave.
Everyone who does that is a traitor and must be hanged.
Everyone.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone knows that sound can distinguish itself.
Everything is fine.
Excuse me, my lord.
Good, I am sure.
Good.
Good luck!
Good.
I think it is a good dish for a chameleon.
Excellent!
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Give me forgiveness, Hamlet.
Do not say anything else.
Experience, manhood, honor, never before did it.
Show yourself what wretches feel, so you can shake them up and show them the truth.
Explain to me, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look after your last sight.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian cannot hold him back.
Do not face me.
Do not miss our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, we are your guest tonight.
Beatrice, thank you for your efforts.
Good daylight?
If I am honest with Katherine, and I am honest, will you teach a soldier what to say like a lady to plead to her gentle heart?
Ladies, you are dropping manna away from starving people.
Dear lady, I come here by your permission to give and receive.
Do you think you are a fool?
Then there might be a more beautiful girl like Bianca.
Good lovers, I hope you have been blessed to have you.
You have lost a lot of good fortune.
I am called Vincentio, my residence in Pisa, and I am bound to Padua to visit a son of mine that I have never seen before.
I pity her, sir, and I wish I could help her more than I do myself.
Young man, I wish I could make you believe I love you.
If you are a little sane, let me excuse myself.
I am right.
Fairy King, come and see.
Yes, he is losing his wit.
Yes, he has been arrested for serious matters.
Tonight he boarded a carrack.
Yes, we are her privates.
Yes, there is an English tailor who has come here for stealing a French hose.
Yes, I can tell her age to an hour.
I do not know what to say.
I did not see it, but I felt it in her breath.
I will go home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Yes, that is enough.
I am sure he will meet you.
No, you cannot.
Nobody else, except Humfrey Hower, who once called your Grace to breakfast, came out of my company.
Once or twice she sighed to the name “father,” as if it pressed her heart.
Yes, sir, so-so.
Yes, sir, you do not have to worry about it.
Yes, I still have some dregs of conscience.
Farewell, stay here tonight.
Yes, that was not so good.
Yes, the priest was good enough for all the old man’s words.
There has been a lot to do on both sides, and the nation does not believe it is a sin to punish them.
Yes, we can put up our pipes and go away.
We met and found the fight was on the seventh cause.
Let’s go.
Do not fall a tear.
Fall to it, or we are running away.
Let’s fall to it.
A false face must hide what the false heart knows.
If you did not let her escape, why did you let her escape?
Is that true to me?
If you are a false-boding woman, stop your frantic curse.
False, false.
You have hunger in your cheeks.
I am not going to do anything more to you.
I think I hear the drums.
Farewell.
Farewell for a while.
Farewell, sir.
Goodbye, nymph.
Farewell!
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell, boy.
Farewell, Jessica.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, sir.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell to you both.
Farewell!
Goodbye to the neighing horse, the shrill thorn, the drum, the earpiercing fife, the royal banner, and all the goodbye.
Goodbye to the mighty troops and to the wars that make us worthy of ambition.
Farewell until then.
Farewell until then.
Farewell to you.
Farewell, and if my fortune does not go away, I have lost my father, you a daughter.
Farewell, and thanks.
Farewell, dear Father.
Farewell, dear mother.
Farewell, everyone.
Farewell, fair cruelty.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, father.
Farewell, for I have to leave you.
Farewell, good Charles.
Farewell, Launcelot.
Farewell, good Salisbury, and good luck go with you.
Farewell, signior Love.
Farewell, good Strato.
Farewell, great chief.
Farewell, hostess.
Farewell, kind Charmian.
Farewell, kind lord.
Good-bye, kind master.
Farewell, cousin.
Farewell, my dearest sister, farewell.
Farewell, Desdemona.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lord.
Farewell, my lords.
Farewell, my sweet lord, and my sister.
Farewell, sweet masters.
Farewell, my sweet friend.
Farewell, Hero.
Farewell, you lob of spirits.
Farewell, you are a sad welcomer of glory.
Farewell!
Farewell!
Good-bye! God knows when we will meet again.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Fasten up, fast find.
Fate, show your force.
Father, it is all like this: you and all the people who have spoken of her have already spoken of her.
Father, wife, and gentlemen, adieu.
Father, I am glad you are here.
Father, I am telling you to go here with your respect to what has happened between this young man and this young woman.
Father, come in.
Father, what is the news?
He is fathered, and yet he is fatherless.
Fathers get their children often.
Fathers who wear rags make their children blind.
Fathers, do not trust your daughters by what they act.
What are you going to do?
Fear comes on me.
Fear it, my dear sister, and keep you in front of me.
Fear it, Ophelia.
Do not worry about me, man.
Do not worry about me.
Do not worry about me. She and the duke are both in trouble.
Do not worry about my government.
Do not worry, Baptista, we will be happy to help you.
Do not worry, Cesario.
Do not worry, my lord.
Do not worry about it.
Do not worry about my role in the dialogue.
Do you fear the boar and go so unprepared?
Do you fear that, Antonio?
Fears and fears shake us.
Are you fed the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same healing methods as a Christian?
Feed him and do not look at him.
Get out of here and sleep.
Feed him with apricots and greenberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Do you feel your legs?
If you feel the loss, you cannot help but weep the friend ever.
Fellow Grumio!
Come out of the crowd.
Hello, I know you.
Are you at your service?
Let’s go.
Take Desdemona here.
Get out of here!
Give me an iron crow.
Give me the handkerchief. My mind is wrong.
Get me this herb, and get back here if the liar can swim in a league.
Get that sane man here.
Let’s go, and we will decide how to cut off some legacies.
Bring your master home.
Go on her!
Go on, please.
Go on!
Go on, go on!
“But yet.” “But yet” is like a jailer to bring out some horrible crime.
Go on!
Stop, Demetrius!
I am a savage man, I am a savage man.
It is rotten and filthy.
Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to help me grow my imagination.
You will be ashamed of this forever, sir.
You shame yourself, your shape, your love, your wit, which, like a usurer, is everywhere and does not use any of those true purposes
Oh, sir!
Oh, sir!
Shame on you.
I am sorry, how impatience you feel.
How my bones ache!
You are out of breath.
Oh, sir, sir!
I will tell you that.
No, there is no one like that.
You are dishonest Satan.
What a question you are asking if you are near a lewd interpreter.
Hastings is such a slug that he does not know whether they will come or not.
I am sorry.
I am sorry.
The fiery warriors fought in battle and squadrons and in the form of war, which drizzled blood on the Capitol.
What is “passionate”?
What is “passionate”?
Fighting valiantly today.
Fill the cup with wine, Lucius, until the wine is ready.
You are dead.
Filths only savor themselves.
Find moonshine, find moonshine.
Find out what this villainous Edmund is.
Find those people with their names written here.
Find out the way, and I will find a man like that.
Find a bed, because I will rest my head on this bank.
What a beautiful sight!
Good, I am sure.
Finish, good lady.
Fire and brimstone!
Fire!
I have passed on her ability to be a sane woman.
First of all he denied you had no right in him.
Let’s kiss me first, Kate, and we will.
Let me talk with this philosopher first.
Let’s go to dinner first.
I will do that first.
First of all, my house in the city, as you know, is filled with antique jewelry, and ewers, and a base to make her dreadful hands.
First, go to the temple.
First, Peter Quince, tell me what the play is about, then read the names of the actors.
First of all, he recommends him to your noble self.
First, I ask you what they have done, thirdly, I ask you what they have done, sixth and lastly,
First of all, I must tell you that Desdemona is in love with him.
First of all, if all the obstacles were eliminated and my path would go to the crown as the ripe income and due of birth, so much is my lack of spirit, so powerful and many my defects, that I would rather hide
First of all, know my horse is tired, and my master and mistress have fallen out.
First of all, madam, he is well.
First of all, my word.
First of all, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies cannot follow.
First, listen to your song by rote, and make sure to listen to each word a warbling note.
First, there is the Neapolitan prince.
Five hundred poor people I pay annually, and have their hands slammed to heaven twice a day to pardon blood.
If you give one five shillings to one, you can give him any chance to keep him.
I have spent five years in the farthest of Greece, sailing through the borders of Asia, and traveling homeward.
Twenty-five, sir.
The crime took place as flat as ever.
Flatterers?
Go this way, sir, when he couldn’t follow him.
Fled to England?
He fled to his house.
Flies can do this, but I have to fly from here.
The purple flower, hit by Cupid’s arrow, sinks in his eyes.
Fly and make peace with Caesar.
Go further, my lord, go further.
Go away and leave me.
Do not run away.
Fly, fly, my lord.
Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly, fly!
Fly, gentlemen!
Fly, my lord, fly.
So fly, noble Cassius, far away.
Fly?
Folded the writ in the form of the other, signed it, put it safe, and safely placed it, the changeling never known.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot of your sex.
Follow me and get it.
Do not follow me.
Follow me, lady. Look at that pathetic villain.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Do not follow me.
Follow that lord, and do not look at him.
Follow the noise so far as we can in the quarters.
Follow your spirit, and on this charge, Cry God for Harry, England, and Saint George!
Follow them and see that they will not suffer.
Follow, follow!
Follow me, please.
Follow?
Followed the old man out.
He is drunk, Sir Toby, about an hour old.
Fool, do not flatter yourself.
Fool, fool, fool, I say!
Fool, I say.
Fool, I will pay you the highest.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool!
Foolish slurs that run into a Russian bear’s mouth and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish woman, to most of the men this is a Caliban, and to him they are angels.
It is easy for Desdemona to be sane in any honest case.
For a fish without a fin, there is a frightened fowl that is not feathered.
For a little while, follow me and help me.
For a taste, let a sleeve have a hint, and let him find Rosalind.
For all the rest of the rest, they will make suggestions as milk for cats.
I do not have any sympathy for Antony.
What good have I done to myself?
As long as you get justice, you will get more justice than you want.
If you ever heard a story I could ever read, or heard that true love has never been ruled out by history.
And that is the good news, it is the celebration of his wedding.
For better, we could have loved without this kind of thing, if we had not loved this on both sides.
I wish that were true for both of us.
For you both, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus’s sake, I hold you.
I just went here a month ago, and it was a fresh day of murmur—as you know, what great ones do the less will prattle of—that he did seek the love of
I will decide the occasion as a reference to the story we talked about recently, to make the queen proudly kindled from the prince.
She is certainly dead, and she is strangely dressed.
Yes, he is not.
You are so close to the cliffs that you have to be sneering.
She should throw a sword, flints and pebbles on her.
For Christian shame, get out of here.
For unknown reasons, please give me this gift.
The wind is soaring, with its high and monstrous mane, and it is supposed to spit water on the bear and quench the guards of the ever-changing pole.
I am a pupil for doing things, not for loving it.
For my brother Edward’s sake.
England’s approach is as fierce as a savage gulf.
I will make these of Cyprus mutiny, whose sanity will only be cured by Cassio’s dismay.
Every minute there is a chance of more syllables.
He is dead, and we have to earn it.
First he was given permission to marry Lady Lucy—your mother is witness to that promise.
You are near you, and you are a little near.
For God’s sake, let me hear it.
For God’s sake, a pot of beer.
For God’s sake, hold your hands.
For God’s sake, send some other messenger.
For God’s sake, take a house.
Half of your wealth is Antonio’s.
For Hamlet and his slur of favor, keep it in a fashion and a bloody spirit, a violet in the youth of primy nature, forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting
He is certainly on the island.
He loves to hear that unicorns can be trayed by trees, elephants with holes, Lions with toils, and men with flatterers.
He begs for the money he wants.
Hero, wooing, wedding, and repenting is like a Scotch jig, a measure, and a five-pace.
For heaven’s sake, help me.
I do not think about him.
For himself to be a savage,” he said.
There was no winter for him, and an autumn was the one that grew by reaping more.
For his thoughts, would he think of nothing but a word of mouth instead of a word with me?
He does not have the right choice, and the fox has the right choice.
I am almost ready to dissolve, hearing this news.
I was born to tame you and bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate as household as other household Kates.
I am sick when I look at you.
I am sure my nails are stronger than my eyes.
I am sure you know what temperance is, but you do not know what it is.
I am Trinculo. Do not be afraid. I am your good friend Trinculo.
I can give him the proper sense of humor, and I will bring him to the Capitol.
I had then laid wormwood to my crouch, sitting in the sun under the wall of the dovehouse.
I have no wit, no words, no worth, no speech, no speech, no power to stir men up.
I have seen more years, I am sure, than you.
I would rather be chasing a man like that when I was chasing a man like that than for my own good.
I have never seen true beauty until tonight.
I tell you, father, I am as ill-tempered as she is proud.
I will tell him the whole story again, where he was once gone, and when he was again to help your wife.
If we are free of these acts, our statemen will be slaves and pagans.
If the Jew cuts deep enough, I will pay it with all my heart.
Have you a daughter?
If you never show her so much love, you will be surprised by it.
In all the play, there is no one, no one.
Who would do that?
It is a common sense that drinks are poured out of a cup into a glass, filling the one with emptying the other.
For Juliet’s sake, for her own sake, stand upright and rise.
For lead?
If you learn this, it is better to leave and do something than to get a reputation for being too high when he is away.
Believe in him as young as he is and he can walk with a larger rope than you can give him.
I followed him for love.
For love of God, stop him.
There is a little bush for many miles.
I will not go until I am satisfied.
I will marry a wealthy widow for three days.
I did not think I would have been swooped by the French gold, though I knew I was going to do what I wanted.
Three thousand ducats for me.
I embrace my good luck with sadness.
I think it would be fair for Michael Cassio to say that he is.
For my own good, all causes will give way.
I will be glad to learn more about noble men.
I hope to save myself, neither the general nor any man of quality.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me go with him.
Murder is not a word of art, but miraculously it will speak.
My brother thinks he is good at you, and he is good at helping you get married.
For my dinner.
I will meet my Lord Lackbeard there, and until then I will be in peace with him.
I am so surprised that I do not know what to say.
I am sorry it turned into a drink.
For my part, I do not care.
I would rather be with you than with you.
I have walked around the streets, exposing myself to the dangerous night, unfaithful, and, as you see, Casca has ruined my life
For my part, the sea cannot drown me.
My uncle is king of Denmark, and those who would make a speech while my father was alive give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred apiece.
It is so vile that on earth there is only some special good to the earth.
I would not admit any kind of traffic.
Fulvia’s death, with more urgent matters, will not only be a concern for us, but also for the letters of many of our heirs in Rome will ask us at home
She is wretching, for she has stolen a lovely boy from an Indian king.
He was often asking me to steal it with solemn honor, more than he was to be a slander.
Once, on a raw and gusty day when the Tiber River smashed its waters, Caesar told me, “Do you, Cassius, come with me into this angry storm and swim
They did not kill her for one thing she did.
Our poor neighbor makes us stirrers early, which is healthy and good for our husbands.
His kingdom is too small for our losses, his blood cloak is too small for the fainting of the blood, and his throne is too small for the fainting of the blood.
Pyramus is a sweet-faced man, a nice man as he can see on a summer’s day.
Pyramus kills himself.
I have liked several women.
For shame, bring Juliet out.
For shame, put on your gown.
You generals!
She had rounded his hairy temples with a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers.
She is wise, if I can judge her.
You are.
For something that is out of favor.
That is hard.
He is daring us to do that.
You must say I couldn’t help it.
For the best time, turn your bed.
I am here for the Dauphin.
He shows me in heaven where the bachelors sit, and there live we are as happy as the day is long.
For the heavens, inspire a brave mind,” says the king, and run.
The law has the intention and purpose to protect the penalty, which is due on the bond.
For the love of God, please be quiet.
For the love of God, a surgeon.
For the love of God, help me.
For the meat, sir, it will be covered.
The majority of them are foolish.
I have no power over the one, no power over the other, but a reasonable power over the other.
The poor wren, the most swollen birds, will fight against the owl, her young ones in her nest.
I will take the Queen to my guard.
Then you will serve it in the dining room.
I hear what they say about him.
For the one I told you, Antonio will be bound.
They agreed to be together, who maintained a state of evil so politically that they would not admit any good to fight them.
I will marry the youngest daughter of Warwick.
There is no wild bird more fearful than your lion.
There never was a woman who was equally attractive, but she made her mouths in a glass.
If you can rhyme yourself into a ladies favor, you can reason yourself out again.
Rosalind, I will leave you for two hours.
They will beg you to be happy with your life, because you are a man.
They were divided into groups of violent and violent.
For tonight, go to bed and dream about the event.
Caesar hanged him for this reason.
I would not be able to be with you for now.
If you know, she is Signior Gremio’s choice love.
Thank you for letting me go.
If there is any kind of cruel cruelty that can hurt him and keep him from doing anything, it will be his.
For now, I will leave you.
For this reason, you will have cramps tonight, side-stitches that will keep you from breathing.
For those who love to think about you, they must be content to think you are old, and so she knows.
Even though she is as like this as a crabapple, I can tell what I am saying.
For three months, well.
You would teach me to hang sneering on them. I have done it, my lord.
Good ones, too.
For us, we will look at this further.
We will resign to him for our absolute power during this time of life.
For us, you know who he is, and that is Caesar.
We will scold this fear, which now goes too free-footed.
What can I hope for you that nobody has any revenue except yours to feed and clothe you?
What is the good turn?
What did he do to scold me?
What are they doing?
What is the crime?
What purpose, love?
Why?
What, please?
When my hours were nice and beautiful, men ransom me for stealing my money. Now I will smile and put all the things that stop me.
When rich villains need poor villains, poor ones can pay what they want.
When she saw that you had had sex with Caesar and that you would not anger him, she sent you the word that she was dead.
When you gave them the rod and put down your own breeches, please, nuncle, keep a schoolmaster who can teach your fool to lie.
Who would be the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s sane, the love of despised people, the delay in the law
For whose sake did I do that bad deed?
With my head threw, dogs leap into the hatch and all flee.
Women are like roses, whose beautiful flower was once displayed.
You know, uncle, the hedge-sparrow waited so long for the cuckoo, that it bit off its head young.
You must understand that he only went to see a noise he heard, and is coming back.
You see, it is already in a snuff.
If you come in to dinner, let it be as good as humour and good intentions.
For your desire to know what is going on between us, please, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
For your father’s memory, be patient.
You will not be able to live for a long time.
For your part, our swords have lead points.
Your doctors have expressly ordered me to leave your bed if you are going to suffer from your old illness.
Young people are more expensive to buy than to beg or borrow.
I will name you as a soldier.
It is a terrible sorrow to see a savage knave uncuckolded.
By this heaven, at our majestys, say what you can, I will go with you.
I do not know how he died.
If you think Tybalt was killed, you can think that we were thinking we were holding him as our kinsman.
I am sure you are all in the right mood for this sudden business.
Look, my mother looks cheerful, and my father died within two hours.
I met her late in the evening, looking for sweet treats from this hateful fool.
My good king, she is so shallow, her scepter so borne by a vain, giddy, funny youth that she does not have any fear.
My heart is full of charms, your eyes, and your eyes.
Since your countrymen and us have been thrown out of the mud, both the Syracusians and ours have decreed not to go to our towns.
If I were the Moor, I would not be Iago.
You know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet at the moonlight.
Be quiet.
Be quiet about the nights and the days; compare happiness to living pains; think your babes were sweeter than they were—and the one who sucked away
Be quiet and do not eat anymore.
Fore heaven, this is an excellent song.
I swear, in heaven, they have given me a lot to do.
Forever and a day.
Goodbye for forever, Brutus.
Farewell forever and forever, Cassius.
Do not think about her.
Forgotten you!
Fortune and Antony are part of this group.
You are guiding a battle with luck and victory.
Fortune forbid that my outsiders have not charmed her.
The moral of fortune is excellent.
Fortune is a good man, and in this mood he will give us anything.
I hope luck will come soon.
Good luck!
Fortune, that arrogant whore, Neer turns the key to the poor.
Forty thousand brothers could not make my sum with all their love.
The evil deeds will be seen in mens eyes, even though the earth has ruined them.
Shame on you, you have all moved me.
What is the weather like?
Words are nonsense, and words are nonsense.
What is the mak in my eyes?
If you are more frightened than your heart can think of you, you cannot make excuses for yourself to hang yourself.
Did you feel any dissatisfaction with him by word or countenance?
In the night, four days will quickly break up.
Four legs, two voices, and a very delicate monster.
Four nights will be the time to dream.
Fourscore ducats at a time.
Fourscore ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-spot?
You are free from the bondage you are locked in, Messala.
No, madam.
Freedom!
Fret till your proud heart breaks.
Friar, it cannot be.
Friar!
Launcelot, what is the news?
Friends are with you all, and I love you all.
Friends to this ground.
Friends, go.
Friends, come here.
Is it friends, part?
Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your words.
Friendship is a constant practice except in the practice of love.
Go ahead, Lord.
She is a little shy from Athens, and she respects me as her only son.
From both of them, my lord.
Then a pair of star-crossed lovers die from the fare of these two foes.
From France there comes a power in this scattered kingdom, which has been seized by the French forces, who have been snared in our ports
He was all blood from his helmet to his spurs.
From now on I will, cousin, and I will do some sports.
He got it from me.
From me, whose love was so dignityful that it went with the promise I made to her in marriage, and to refuse upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor to those of me.
From my house, if I had it.
From our brother England?
From the time I was seventeen, I had a life of almost four years ago, but now I cannot live here anymore.
From Silvius.
I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I will bet I
Is it from Count Orsino?
From the sneering summit of this sneering cliff.
They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine, this mortal breathing saint.
From now on, I will never speak to you.
From now on, I will be talking about your love.
From top to toe?
Bring me to the front, this Scottish fiend and myself.
For a full half hour.
I have seen many women with the best regard, and many times I have seen them.
My noble lord, this man has my consent to marry her.
We have everything to do, and our simple deeds are proof of our goods.
Fulvia is dead.
Your wife, Fulvia, came to the field first.
Your wife, Fulvia, is dead.
Fulvia?
Besides, please show my youth old Shylock’s house.
There, Tyrant, there.
I wish I were the one who twinkled on my bastardizing.
Gallants, I am not as old as I am.
Gallus, go along.
Give it to a judge’s clerk.
Please be advised that he is in a bad mood.
Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him.
My dear, when I first told you my love, I told you that all the wealth I had had been in my veins.
No, gentle madam.
Gentle Mercutio, put your sword up.
Gentle Octavia, keep your love at bay so you can keep it.
Gentleman, God save you.
Gentlemen, I suspect this trash is a part of this crime.
Gentlemen, we will not wake up your patience.
Gentlemen, you will be mistaken.
Gentlemen, can anyone tell me where I can find young Romeo?
Gentlemen, go ahead to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, come up.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls me.
Gertrude, do not drink.
Get him to bed and treat his wounds.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Get horses for your mistress.
Lucius, get me a taper for my study.
Get me some ink and paper, and hire horses to ride.
Get me some poison tonight, Iago.
Get out of your nightgown, so do not call us and show us to be watchers.
Get a wife, get a wife.
Get away from me.
Get out of here and hire those horses.
Go away, but do it.
Go away.
Get out of here.
Go to a monastery.
Get to a place where you can get out of here.
Go to bed, Francisco.
Go to bed.
Get out of here.
Get all three of you in the boxtree.
Get out of here and hurry up.
Get out of here and meet me in the pit of Acheron early in the morning.
So go to death, poor miserable wretches, to the point where God gives you patience to endure, and to repentance of all your crimes.
Go back to bed.
I will go back to bed soon.
Go to bed, I swear.
Get to the church and have a good priest who can tell you what marriage is.
Get to your lord.
Get your clothes together, your beards and new ribbons to your pumps.
I am at my service with ghastly looks, and both are ready to work in their offices at any time.
God gives you the gifts.
Gilded tombs are worms that worm up.
Give it your hand.
Give a listen to my sister.
Give only a few words to every man.
Give your ambassadors the first time.
Give her the right you should have given her cousin, and then I will die.
Give her this key and tell her that there is a purse of ducats on the desk that is covered with a Turkish tapestry.
Give him a halter.
Give him a present.
Give him instructions for this wonderful contract, and I will go get the ducats back to my house, leaving in fear of an unhappily sneering knave.
Give him a note.
Do not give him a breath, but now he is distracted.
Give him a job.
Give him the cup.
Give him this deed and let him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.
Give me a calendar.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a living reason for why she is so disloyal.
Give me a taper, call up all my people.
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse.
Give me a reply.
Give me any sacrificial ring of yours, and I will wear it in my bonnet.
Give me a crowd, good lady.
Give me Bianca for my inheritance.
Give me too much of it, so I will get sick of it and get sick of it.
Give me faith, say I.
Give me permission for a while.
Give me permission to speak my mind, and I will cleanse the world of the disease if they receive my medicine.
Give me permission, Caesar.
I am a gentleman of Verona, sir.
Give me my angle.
Give me my armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my money and let me go.
Give me my robe, because I will go.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin back.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
Let me leave you.
Give me details.
Give me some help.
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some light away.
Give me some breath before I speak positively.
Give me some music.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
Give me that boy and I will go with you.
Give me that sleeve and the arrow.
Give me the cups.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me the letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand and let me see you in women’s clothes.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your torch, boy.
Give me the truth.
Give me your answer, I swear.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand first.
Give me your hand, and let me understand your situation.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hands if we are friends, and Robin will make things more.
Give me your name, Monsieur Mustardseed.
Give me your present to one of the rare new people.
Give me, give me.
Give me,” I said.
Give me a call.
Give me the benefit of a severior, and let my grief shake.
I will give my servants the order to ignore all the fact that we are absent from here.
Give it away.
Give the word, go, and stand.
Give them the way until he leaves, and then after him.
Do not talk about his actions, or think about it.
Give a gracious message to a host of people, but let tidbits tell Themselves when they feel.
God bless us.
Give us the place we are talking about.
Please welcome my friend.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Good night.
Good night.
He has been given three thousand oclock annually, and his order to hire those soldiers is against the Polack, as it is shown herein.
Did you lead him through the slutsome night from Perigouna, whom he sluted?
Gloucester, it is true that we are in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Go a little earlier.
Go after her.
Go ahead.
Go and praise my brother Cassius.
Go and importune her.
Go and say we are not ashamed of her.
Go and tell them that.
Go and pick her up.
Go apart, Adam, and you will hear how he will shake me.
Be armed.
Go ask his name.
Go back again and be beaten home again?
Go back again, slave, and bring him home.
Dromio, go take it to the Centaur, where we are staying, and stay there until I come to you.
Go ask the priests to sacrifice and bring me their opinion on success.
Go bring the rabble, whom I give you power, here.
You will see her window entered the night before her wedding day.
Go ahead, Saint Jeronimy.
Go call him here.
Go carry them and kill the sleepy grooms.
You should charge Agrippa to plant those who were in the midst of the rebellion so that Antony could seem to spend his time with him.
Go charge my goblins to grind their joints with dry cramps, shorten their sinews with agèd cramps, and make them pinch-spotted.
Go comfort your cousin.
Go get fire.
Go get it, sister.
Go get my best clothes.
Go get them here.
Go, Agrippa, and start the fight.
Get him to the surgeons.
Get it ready.
Go get some water and wash this dirty witness out of your hand.
Go to the airport with vigor.
Go away.
Come inside with me, and I will tell you my story.
Come in with me.
Go inside and tell my lady I am gone, displeased by my father, to Lawrence’s cell to confess and be resolved.
Go inside and do not cry.
Go in, Nerissa.
Take care of him.
Let’s go, we will send you our letters.
Go make yourself a sea nymph.
I have to be a borrower of the night for a dark hour or two.
Go off, I will take you away.
Go away.
Go ahead.
Go put on your defenses.
Please release them, Ariel.
Go find him out, speak fair, and bring the body to the chapel.
Go find him.
Go find the traitor Gloucester.
Go sneering!
Show your slaves how rude you are, and make your servants tremble.
Go to sleep and listen to us.
Go on.
Take this dress and take it.
Tell him about this.
Go pick men, but leave behind your son George Stanley.
Find a time to meet Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go then, mother, and go to your daughter.
Tell your master I am here.
Go on, and I will look at her face with an unattractive eye, and I will make you think your swan is a crow.
Go to Juliet and dress her up.
Go with me and let me advise you.
Go.
Go thrust him out of the gates and let him smell his way to Dover.
Go to a monastery.
Go on, wench.
Go to him, Dolabella, and tell him to surrender.
Go to him and speak to him.
Go to my bedroom and put on my clothes.
Go to the gate.
Go to the pulpit, Brutus.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to sleep.
Go away.
Go on, carry this.
Go to, speak your tongue.
Farewell.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Come here, sir.
Go on, I will not go on it again.
Go to him, mum.
Do not say anything.
Go on, then!
Go on, then.
Go, they are not men.
Go, are you making it?
Well said, well said.
Go to the devil’s teeth, woman.
Go on, you are too shrewd.
Go on, you dry fool.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on the path you will not return to.
Go wake Juliet.
Go to him.
Come with me and see what I can show you in this.
If you do not repay me on a day like this, in a place like this, in a place like this, in a place like this.
Come with me to bless these two of them so they can be prosperous and fight for the sake of their honor.
Come with me to it, and I will show you.
Come with me to see the duchess.
Come with me to the vault.
Go with me, and let’s smother my damned son, whose two sweet sons smothered you.
Come with me, Silvius.
Come with me.
Go with my brothers to my lords of England.
Go and talk to the duke so he does not see me as a charity.
Go ahead and prepare Aliena for me to look at me, here comes Rosalind.
Go and tell her about it.
Go and tell my daughter I want to speak with her.
Go ahead, and I will follow you.
Go down that way towards the Capitol.
Go to him from me.
Come with me and I will use your skills.
Come with me, uncle of Exeter.
Call my fool here.
Go and bring them.
Go, and bring us her words and information about her, and how you find her.
Go, go away.
Go tell the hunters to snatch their horns and wake them up.
Go, bind this man, because he is too frantic.
Biondello, tell your mistress to come to me.
Go get me a crow.
Go, bring them in.
Go, by this token.
Go call him here, boy, no more will be the neighbor to my counsels.
Go, coward as you are.
Eros, send his treasure back to him.
Go get me something. I will break the gate.
Go, get out of here, I say.
Go, get out of here.
Go, get out of love, as you had a decree.
Go, girl, look for happy nights to happy days.
Go, girl.
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, good countrymen, and for this reason, gather all the poor men of your kind, bring them to the banks of the river, and cry
Go up to the top of the ship.
Go, go.
Go, good partner, get to Francis Seacole.
Go, Tubal.
Go hang yourself all.
I have only been working with you and my sons for thirty-three years now, and until now I have never delivered my burden.
Go, leave me.
Lovell, go to Doctor Shaw with all the power.
Go, make money.
Go to the tomb of your great-grandmother, from whom you claim to be.
Go find the forester, one of you.
One of you will call the Jew into court.
Go, Pindarus, climb that hill.
Go ahead and prepare for dinner.
Go prick your face and prick your fear over-red, you lily-livered boy.
Go, rascals, and get my supper.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go find him.
Go, sir, take them to the place of buttery bread and welcome them to everyone.
Go, sir, walk through the beautiful Verona.
Some of you, bring these gentlemen to Hamlet.
Take it away, your master.
Go, then, because it is in vain to find him here that does not mean to be found.
Go, go out of here.
Write it in a martial hand.
Go, you cot-quean, go.
Go, you wild bedfellow, you cannot speak.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Goats and monkeys!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
Farewell.
God bless you for your last day.
God bless you, sir.
God almighty, evil has some good soul, and men would be able to do it.
God and his angels guard your sacred throne and make you look like you are now.
We have God and a good cause on our side.
God protect and protect us.
God and the rope maker have shown me that I was sent for nothing but a rope.
God and your troops will be praised, victorious friends.
God be at your table.
God be quiet and keep you.
God be wise, princes.
God be quiet, sir.
God bless you.
God bless you.
God be with my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God bless me from a challenge.
God bless you and give you your love, your kindness, your obedience, and your duty.
God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
Please, take my job.
God protect me from these two.
God for your mercy, they are loose again.
God give him joy!
I hope I enjoy wearing it, because my heart is so heavy.
God give us time to celebrate these love rites.
God give your Grace some rest.
God give him health.
God grant that some less noble and less loyal men are more likely to be in a bloody mood than Clarence, and yet they are still in the
We may never be able to do anything for you.
God has given you one face, and you are making another.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God help Claudio.
God help you, man, shallow.
God keep it to your Honors good content.
God bless her!
God kept me from false friends, but they weren’t false.
God keep me safe.
God keep you from them and from such false friends.
God keep your Ladyship in that mind, so that a gentle man or one will leave a scratched face.
God keep your Lordship in that kind mind.
God keep your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, and she is dead.
God made him, and so he let him pass for a man.
God bless you a little more.
God make your Majesty happy, as you have always been.
God bless you to his grace.
God pardon those who are responsible for it.
God forgive you in His mercy.
Farewell, sir.
God restore you to health.
God save the foundation!
God save the king.
God save you, sir.
God save you, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God send joy to you, Petruchio.
I hope you are in a better position to get rid of your sex.
I will bet I will disturb your devotion.
God speak this word.
God will revenge it, whom I will make with my serenity.
God will revenge it.
God witness, I have wept for you.
Farewell, fair lady.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Farewell, Grumio!
God forgive us all!
God is the best marriage maker.
God strikes with us.
God’s blessing will go with you and with all who make good of bad and friends of foes.
God’s bodykins are much better than that, man.
God’s bread!
Where is the Sexton?
I would not lose as much honor as a man would share with me, I think.
I beg you, my God’s will and pleasure, to come to the king.
God will, please do not wish for another man.
Farewell, Captain James.
Gods and goddesses, all the things.
Farewell, fair Helena!
Is Fleance coming with you?
Is the king leaving today?
Gold, silver, and base lead.
She is gone.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Good boy, you are angry.
Good beauties, do not be angry.
Good cheer, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper and look at it in the praetor’s chair where Brutus can only find it.
Corporal Nym, show your courage and put your sword up.
Good advice, marry.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning, friend.
Good day and happiness, Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good Duke, get your daughter.
Good morning, brother.
Good night, good night.
Good Enobarbus, it is a good deed, and it will make you feel good to be a good person to encourage your captain to speak calmly and quietly.
Good Enobarbus, make yourself my guest while you are here.
Good Enobarbus!
Good to my ghostly confessor.
I am a little one, not past a pint.
When I met this holy man, I thought about the men you mentioned.
Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold in him who objected to you.
Good Father, how foolish we are!
Good Father, I beg you to kneel and listen carefully.
Good fool, as you always deserve to help me, help me to hold a candle, pen, ink, and paper.
Good fool, for my brother’s death.
Good fool, help me get some light and paper.
Give me some ink, paper, and light, and tell my lady what I will put down.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and good-bye.
Good friend, go away.
Good friend, go to him.
Please, my friend, take him in your arms.
I will send an oyster’s treasure to great Egypt, whose feet I will put her throne in the kingdoms.
Good friends, go in and drink some wine with me.
Good gentleman, give me the assurance that if you are the lady of the house, I can proceed with my speech.
Good, gentle young man, do not be desperate.
Good gentlemen, give him a further edge and take his mind to the next level.
Good gentlemen, let me speak.
Good gentlemen, look fresh and merrily.
Tell me, good grandmother, is our father dead?
Good Grumio, get it to me.
Be careful until they know what to do to punish them.
There is no one else.
Good heart, what?
Good heaven, my tribes souls are protecting themselves from jealousy.
Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.
Good husband, come home now.
How are you both doing?
Good Lord for alliance.
Good Lord, how bright and beautiful the moon shines!
Good Lord!
Good lords, hurry up quickly.
Good love, call him back.
Good madam, do not be angry with the child.
Good madam, do.
Good madam, listen to me.
Good madam, keep yourself inside.
Good lady, let me see your face.
Good madam, patience.
Good madam, stay a minute.
Good madam.
Let me prove you are a fool, madam.
Hey, madam, why are you so sad?
Good majesty, Herod of Jewry does not dare look at you when you are happy.
Margaret, run to the parlor.
Maria, let this man be looked after.
Fabian, please give me another request.
Mustardseed, I know you very well.
Good Master Peaseblossom, I will tell you more about me.
Please do not take it unkindly that I have been so pleasant with you both.
Good food is common.
Good Mistress Accost, I want to get to know you better.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen, and, princely, a happy day.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to this fair assembly.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to your Worship.
Good morning, Benedick.
Good morning, both of you.
Good morning, brother Bedford.
Good morning, Brutus.
Good morning, Caesar.
Good morning, Casca.
Good morning, Catesby.
Good morning, Catesby.
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, father.
Good morning, friends.
Good morning, General.
Good morning, Lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate. I hear that is your name.
Good morning, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning neighbor Baptista.
Good morning neighbor Gremio.
Good morning, neighbor, how did you get away so quickly?
Good morning, sir.
Good morning, Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Good morning, Prince; good morning, Claudio.
Good morning, Richmond.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Good morning, worthy Caesar.
Is my complexion good?
My friends, consider yourself my guests.
Good liege, Kent.
My lord, you have been a sneering sneering ever.
Hello, sir.
Please, my lord, come here.
Please, my lord, come here.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Please, my lord, give me your favor.
My lord, how are you doing this many days?
My lord, if I have any power to make you take his reconciliation.
Tell me, my lord.
My lord, I beg you to give me a word.
My lord, what is the reason for your dismay?
Good, my lord.
Good, my lord.
Good my good friend, answer me.
My king, take up the English a bit and tell them what kind of monarch you are.
The name of men and women, dear my lord, is the jewel of their souls.
Good news, good news!
Good night, Casca.
Good night to you.
Good night, but do not go to my uncle’s bed.
Good night, brother.
Good night, Captain Blunt.
Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night!
Good night, good night.
Good night, Iago.
Good night, lieutenant.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, Penthesilea.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good Norfolk, please tell me what you are doing.
Now, speak your tongue.
Good luck now.
Come in, uncle, and ask your daughters to give them blessing.
Good old knight, gather them all in my tent.
Is it good or bad news that you are forced to speak so bluntly?
Good people, enter and hold him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Good morning!
Good Romeo, hide yourself.
Good words, and well written.
Good shepherd, tell this young man what love means.
Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all.
You will have more control over years than you will have with your weapons.
Good signors both, when should we laugh?
Good Sir Toby!
Good sir.
Good sir, be a man.
Good sir, be patient.
Good sir, come near me.
Good sir, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, this ring was given to me by my wife.
Good sir, good friend.
Good sirs, take heart.
Good sister, let’s eat and never betray ourselves.
My sister, it is not wrong to make me a slave and a slave.
Good sooth, even so.
You, save me a piece of sand, and, as you love me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
Good day to my gracious lord.
Good luck, you are wrong, good sooth, you do, and I am so disdainful to woo.
Good Ursula, wake my cousin and ask her to rise.
Good Volumnius, you know that we went to school together.
Good words are better than bad words, Octavius.
Please forgive me.
Good your highness, patience.
Good, good, it is fair to you.
Good, good.
Good, I am sure.
Good, speak to the mariners.
Good, remember who you are on board with.
Good!
Good.
Good Lord, what a wit-snapper you are!
Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little about it.
Gower is a good captain, and he has good knowledge of the wars.
Grace will accompany you, sir.
Grace grows where those drops fall.
There is an end.
The Great England has blessed us with ten thousand men and ten thousand more.
My lord, I should tell you what I saw, but I do not know how to do it.
Gracious Olivia, what do you say, Cesario?
Good luck, Tranio.
Good luck!
His nurse, grandmother.
My uncle Rivers said that I grew more than my brother.
Grandmother, this would have been a biting joke.
Give them their legal action.
Gratiano speaks more than any man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Grave, sir!
Great and increasing.
It is time for great things to happen at noon.
Great Dunsinane is strong enough to be a soldier.
God of heaven, say amen to all.
Great happiness!
Now, great Mark Antony is a widow.
What a great thing we forgot!
Gremio, it is no time to express our love.
My son’s exile stopped her breath.
Do not be sorry that I am falling to this for you, because she is more kind than hers.
Is it sad that I only had one?
Grim death, how foul and loathsome your image is.
He has snuck up his face and snuck up his face.
Groan!
Grumio gave the instructions on how to do it.
Grumio, my horse.
Are you a bedlam?
It is banishment.
Are you honest?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha.
It may be that I am going under that title because I am busy.
Let me see.
Ha, Portia?
What do you say?
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha to you, lad!
If all his hair were life-threatening, I would have snuck them up.
Had he a hand to write this, a heart and a brain to make it into?
Did he do that?
Had he suffered his injuries before?
If I had a glass, I would.
If I had as many mouths as Hydra, that would stop them all.
If I had as many sons as I have hair, I would not wish them a better death.
If I were a god, I would have sunk the sea within the earth or sunk it if the ship had sunk it and had the fraught souls swallow it.
If I had known this young man before, I would have cried out to him about his sex, and he would have escaped.
If I had only died an hour before this time, I would have lived a blessed life.
If I had great Juno’s, the powerful-winged Mercury would set you up and join you at Jove’s side.
Didn’t I have four or five women who tended to me once?
If I had planted this island, my lord, he would have sneezed it with a nettle seed.
If I had your eyes and tongues, I would use them so I could crack the vault of heaven.
If you could thank me, you would have a good life.
If my lips were so powerful, I would wear them out.
Isn’t that the same?
If our general had been what he knew, it would have been good.
If she had youthful affections, she would be as swift as a ball.
If she were true, I would not have sold her for it.
If we did it at first, we would drive them home with clouts around their heads.
If we had fought, I would have thought we would be too young for them.
If you were as wise as you were bold, but you were young and wise when you were old, you would not have been able to answer it.
If you were not their father, they would be pityless.
If you hadn’t come upon cue, my lord, William Lord Hastings would have said your part.
If you wish you were all free men, Caesar were dead, and that Caesar were free, and that Caesar were living free men?
Have you been awakened before death, to look at the deepest secrets?
If you did that, the kings who revolted and the soldier who left today would have followed you.
If you had no poison, no sharp knife, no knife, no knife you could use to kill me suddenly, would you have been banned from
Please, lady, and the grace of heaven, please, go ahead, behind you, and on every hand, turn around!
Hail to you, Glamis!
Hail to your goodness.
Go to your lordship.
Hail, brave friend!
Hail, Caesar, and my lord!
Hail, gentle sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hail, mortal.
Hail, Caesar!
Hail!
Hail.
It is too bad to come.
Yes, a half-blooded fellow.
Halfway down the river there is a man who gathers samphire.
Hamlet, you are dead.
My daughter has given me his invitations, as they were all given to me by time, means, and by place.
We will sing and bless this place with fairy grace.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him immediately.
Hang him, foul sailor!
Hang him, Jack!
Do not hang on my clothes.
Hang our banners on the outside walls.
Hang here, my verse, to witness my love.
Hang on the tomb, praising her when I am dumb.
Hang up your mistress!
Then you are hanging and wiving.
A woman’s voice may do some good when something too bad is wrong.
I see a friend who will save my life and pay me the money that could help me.
Haply in private.
They are still hanging some poisonous poison to make me die with a restorative.
The sea and different countries will expel this matter in his heart, while his brains still push him away from his own style.
I will bet I will marry a lord whose hand will take care of my situation with me.
You will see some toy you want to buy, and your store is not for idle markets, I think.
She is not dull, but she can learn.
The best thing about her is that she is committed to you, and that she is directed as closely as her lord, her governor, her king.
Happily, he is the second time they have come to them, since they say an old man is twice as young as an old man.
I am happy to have you, my lady, and my wife.
The happier you were for your son.
Amen to that.
Happy birthday to Theseus, our renowned duke.
Yes, as happy as we have spent the day.
Hermia is happy, wherever she is, because she has beautiful eyes.
Your Grace is happy, who can make you feel so quiet and sweet.
I am happy to have such a happy child with you.
If England were happy, this virtuous prince would take on his grave the sovereignty of his grave.
Happy, because we are not too happy.
You filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Listen.
Listen to how our horses neigh for the moment.
Listen, Clitus.
Listen, Dardanius.
Listen, your Romeo will be here tonight.
Listen to Guildenstern, and you too.
Listen, sir.
Listen, boy!
Can you hear me?
Come here, Tyrrel.
Listen!
Listen!
Listen!
Listen, these instruments are summoning me to supper.
Listen, now I hear them.
Listen, Petruchio: she says she will see you hanged first.
Listen, they roar.
Listen Tranio!
What is this noise?
Listen!
Listen!
Listen.
Do not follow that string, madam.
I will keep it from squeezing until my heartstrings break.
Harpier cries, “It is time, it is time.” Round around the cauldron, throwing the poisonous entrails.
Harry le Roy.
Has he ever heard of you before in this business?
Has he, masters?
Here is a letter to you.
Has this fellow not felt well about his business?
Has anyone else taught you anything?
Has she stolen it from her?
Are you a good man?
Are you drunk?
Have you forgotten her?
Have you forgotten the evil witch Sycorax, who was born with age and insanity?
Have you forgotten yourself?
Have you found my daughter?
Have you ever met him?
Do you care about me?
Do you have any letters from the friar to me?
Do you have a word of joy?
Don’t you have dropped from heaven?
Have you killed him?
Have you killed Tybalt?
Are you the flower here?
Are you the pretty snake of the Nile who kills and pains?
Have you been wasting your time?
I will tell you, that I can get revenge with wings as swift as I can get through my meditation or love thoughts.
Haste you for your life.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Grey and Rivers, Holy King Henry and your fair son Edward, Vaughan, and all who have mistreated
I am a man who has been thrown away from Tripolis.
Has anyone seen him at the barber’s?
Has he asked for me?
Has he done this?
Has he set boundaries between my love and theirs?
Has homely old age taken the beauty from my poor cheeks?
Isn’t that true?
Is Leonato a son?
Doesn’t a Jew have eyes?
Doesn’t a Jew have hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions?
What a sin is that young men are able to see themselves without seeing them?
He has to go to bed and taste his foolishness.
Has Romeo killed himself?
Has she already forgotten that brave prince, Edward, her lord, whom I have been murdered three months ago at Tewkesbury?
Has she been convicted of so many noble men, her father and country, and her friends, to be called whore?
Has she told Benedick about her love?
Is the man any wit who told you this?
Has there ever been a time when I said positively, “I am so,” when I did not know that?
Isn’t your brother like you?
Have all his projects failed?
Take a look at Cinna.
You are better at saying something than that, because you are a fool’s bolt that is soon shot.
Good day, coward!
Take a look at you now.
Have you heard a proverb: Should I put my staff in my ranks?
You can hire a surgeon, Shylock, on your side to stop his wounds so he cant bleed to death.
Have done your charm, you hateful, withered hag.
Have done, have done.
Have I caught you?
Have I stretched my arm so far in battle to be afraid to tell the truth to my poor friends?
Isn’t it true that I heard grenades in the field, and thunder in heaven’s armor?
Have I heard the sea swarm with wind, raging like a snoring boar soaked in sweat?
Do you have any reason to be angry?
Have I seen the asp in my lips?
Have I thought I would be watching this morning for a long time?
Have I, Malvolio?
Have I, my lord?
Have mercy, Jesu!
Do not worry about your health, but do not tempt me any more.
Have more than you show, Be less than you know, Lend less than you owe, Learn more than you do, Set less than you throw, Leave your drink
Don’t saints have lips, and are there holy palmers too?
Do you have enough love for me to bear with me when my rash wit that my mother gave me makes me forget about it?
Have patience and endure.
Have patience, sir.
Have patience, madam.
Have patience, sir.
Have the pioneers left?
Are we devils here?
Have with you.
Have you ever thought about sinking?
Have you ever had a sense of soul?
Have you ever asked your lord to negotiate with me?
Have you ever had any other trade with us?
Have you given her our decree?
Have you done something yet?
Have you ever been allowed to go to hell today?
Have you had a guard?
Have you heard anything to the contrary?
Have you heard of any wars between the Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you done anything to make him import?
Are you a man with a modesty, a woman’s shame, a little sex?
Do you have anything to say?
Do you have anything to say?
Do you have any manners, or honesty, but to slam like tinkers at this time of night?
Did you hurt your head?
Did you read anything like that, Roderigo?
Did you set Lysander to follow me, like a scorn, and praise my eyes and my face?
Have you not set my honor on the stake and baited it with all the unspoken thoughts that tyrannous heart can think?
Have you not spoken to the Duke of Cornwall about this?
Have you sent to Bottom’s house?
Are you still in your own souls so blind that you will fight with God by murding me?
Have you been sent for?
Have you seen the necklace around you?
Have you written the lion’s part?
Have you written down that they are not?
I will watch Titania fall asleep and drop the liquor in her eyes.
What is the danger for lead?
He loved our sister most, and his judgment has now cast her apart as a whole is too gross.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He is waiting here to tell you whether you will accept him.
He is living here in the forest on the estate of your father.
He is virtuous and well-governed, and, to tell you the truth, he is portrayed by Verona as a virtuous and well
He is the third man in the world.
He is too good at thinking.
He starts at dinner and walks up to the first cock.
He is bound from the earth as if his entrails were hairs.
He is breathing, my lord.
He has great news.
He brings me freedom.
He brings you figs.
He brushes his hat in the mornings.
He calls me “boy” and scolds me as if he had the power to beat me out of Egypt.
He is calling to a horse, but I do not know what to do.
He is calling us back.
He came to me and I delivered it.
He was coming too late.
He can tell you, as he looks at him, that the revolt is the latest.
No one has heard of him.
He cannot be such a monster as me, and he is not.
He cannot avoid it by the duello.
He is not a flattering man, he says.
He does not like her too long.
He cannot live, I hope, and he cannot die until George is packed with a savage.
He cannot prevail with me.
He cannot speak, my lord.
He is coming to kill my heart.
He is coming on a wish.
He is coming, my lord.
He could not have escaped sixpence a day.
He cries for you, and he vows, if he can take you, to scorch your face and disfigure you.
He does not dare come here to drink the candle.
He did.
He asked for his favor.
He said he had a necklace for me, but he did not have it.
He was trying to arrest him.
He told me to call him promptly.
He did get his dug before he sucked it.
He did handle women in some way, but then he was rheumatic and talked about the Whore of Babylon.
He did me well, sir, and drew on my side, but in conclusion he said something strange about me.
He did not call me, he is busy in the paper.
He has received his letters and is coming.
He did, and he snatched my ring off my finger.
He did, from the beginning to the end.
He started that place, my noble lord, since the beginning of the year.
He died as a man who had been taught to throw away the most precious thing he owed to a savage king.
He is dead, and he is again fighting.
He is dead.
He hears me, and he weeps.
He makes our fires, eats our fires, and makes our fires go away.
He smiles more on his face than he is on the map with the Indies.
He is very good at recommending himself.
He does.
My lord, he will ask you to visit him tomorrow or the next day.
He is showing some sparks that look like a wit.
He is not smiling, frowning like someone who should say, “An you will not have me.” He has heard funny stories and not smiling.
He is doing it, because he asked Antonius to tell you he will be there tomorrow.
He is dreaming.
My lord, my lord!
He fears you are not good enough to him, my lord.
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth, and was speechless.
He finished his mortal act on the day my sister was thirteen.
He followed you.
He has no choice but to do it, because he is free of vainness and self-glorious pride, and he has full responsibility to give glory to God
He thanks you on his knees a thousand times, and he is happy that he has fallen into the hands of one of England’s brave, valorous, and most worthy seigneur.
He is going ahead, and he dares me to go.
He is going out of his way.
He is getting worse and worse.
He was a fever-loving Spaniard, and when he was fit, I noticed how he shook.
He had a taste. Well, my conscience says, “Launcelot, do not budge.” “Budge!” says the fiend.
He had a thousand noses, and he waved like a sea.
He did not have any.
He had one yesterday.
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, these people saw the chain around his neck.
He has slammed me a little.
He is almost supped.
He has been practicing his behavior to his own shadows for a while now.
He has some very nice utensils that he can carry when he is in a house.
He broke my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody head, too.
He deserves it, if it were sprayed like a holy Phoebus’ car.
He heard that word from some great man and now he is a fool.
He has killed me, mother.
He has my dying voice.
He does not have children.
He has no more directions in the true world of wars, look at the Roman world, than a puppy.
He has a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper.
He is bound to Tripoli, another bound for the Indies.
He has an uncle in Messina who will be happy with it.
He has assembled Bocchus, the King of Libya, Archelaus of Cappadocia, Philadelphos, the King of Paphlagonia,
He has been a courtier, he says.
He has been a pleasure to work with you, and he has sent a largess to your offices.
He has been tricked most often.
He has been gone for nine years, and he will be gone again.
He brought many captives home to Rome, who ransoms filled the general sacraments.
He has ordered your wife and me to hang Cordelia in prison and to blame her for her own despair, that she fordid herself.
He has confessed.
He has hacked and hindered me for half a million times, laughed at my losses, scorned my nation, ruined my
He has done good service in these wars, my lady.
Every month he has a new swearing brother.
He has fought today as if a god had destroyed his life in such a hateful way.
He has given his empire to a whore, who now imposes the kings for war on the earth.
He has honored me recently, and I have bought all kinds of opinions on the matter, which would be worn in their latest gloss, not so soon.
He has only known you for three days now, and you are already no stranger.
He has given them to you forever, and to your heirs.
He has lost his fellows and is trampled by finding them.
He has made me a Christian.
He is neither Latin nor French nor Italian, and you will come into the court to swear I am a poor man.
He does not have any daughters.
He does not have any friends except those who are afraid of him.
He has not told the king his thoughts?
He has not told us about the captain yet.
He has not touched you yet.
He refused it in open court.
He is ridding his prologue of a savage lion.
He has slept a long time.
He is wearing a madsuit.
He has to fall in love with the sickness.
He has the jewel of my life in place, his youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca, and her husband withholds from me and other people.
He has cut Cupid’s bow twice or twice, and the little man does not dare to shoot at him.
He will wear nothing more than he will wear.
He has offered me many affections lately, my lord.
He has, my lord.
He has.
He says she is not equal.
He is very good at keeping me.
Your Majesty, he is a craven man and a villain.
He is a dreamer.
He is a gentleman of a good house, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns.
He is a god and knows what is right.
He is a good man, and his worth is challenging.
He is a good man, but who can talk to a dumb man?
He sails in Bergamo.
He is sick and wants to speak with you.
He is a very good man.
He is just going to the house.
He has been addressed.
He is afraid to come.
He is all the mother’s clothes from top to toe.
He has already been named king and has been invited to join Scone.
He has arrived.
He is as disproportioned in his manners as he is in his shape.
He is as brave as a kind man, Princely in both.
He is pale and horribly confused.
He is at hand, and Pindarus is coming to greet you from his master.
He is waiting for a desperate train.
He is called Aunchient Pistol.
He is coming.
He is a treachery man, and he has fled from this evil.
He has been screamed.
He has drowned, and the sea mocks our search on land.
He is drunk now.
He is enamored by Hero.
He is hiding in Lawrence’s cell.
He is serious.
He is in heaven, where you will never come.
He is a horse, and you can call him beasts.
He has done a good job.
He is a knight, dubbed a rapier and a carpet, but he is a devil in a private brawl.
He is married?
He is most in company with the right noble Claudio.
He has changed a lot.
He is my dear friend, please.
He is my prisoner, and you will not have him.
He is my prisoner.
He is not less than a stuffed man.
He is not doubting him.
He is not here, please, your lord, who should sing it.
He is not here.
He is not sleeping, engrossing his idle body, but praying to enrich his soul.
He is not a flower of courtesy, but I will bet he is gentle.
He is not very tall, but for his years he is tall.
He has not arrived yet.
He is as brave now as Hercules, who only tells a lie and swears about it.
He is in a good mood with my lady and will go by and by.
He is very apathetic.
He is very important.
He has been killed or killed.
He is ready at the door.
He is back.
He is sad and civil, and he is good for me to be a servant with my fortunes.
He is the most active gentleman in France.
He has been killed.
He is sure to be possessed, madam.
He is the treasure of all nations.
He is the general challenger.
He is the only man in Italy, excepted my dear Claudio.
He is like a giant ape, but he is a doctor of such a man.
He is too bad for my company.
He is punishable for his very shameful actions.
He is busy.
He is very close to this.
He is very well-suited, and he is very intelligent.
He is welcome here.
He is welcome.
He is well paid and well satisfied.
He is wise, and I have stolped him to bed.
He is the most skillful, bloody, and fatal man you could find anywhere in Illyria.
He is safe in Leicester, my lord, and if you do not want to, we can now get out of town.
He is.
He kills her in her own way.
He knows I know him well.
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo by the bad voice.
He does not know where to stop.
He does not know what he says, and it is in vain that we present him to him.
He has not yet learned about his honorable fortune.
He knows that you did not embrace Antony as you loved him, but as you feared him.
He is laying it on.
He is leading himself.
He left behind me and a sister, both born in an hour.
He left this ring behind either way, or not.
He does not look like a living man.
He is lying to you.
Tonight he lies within seven miles of Rome.
He loves you better than he could.
He does not want to be as awake as we do.
He is eager to eat the English.
He is eager to see your head.
He is gentler than he did.
He loves me well, and I have given him reasons to do that.
He made you go on a highway to my bed, but I die as a maiden.
He only married here.
He may command me as my sovereign, but you have power over me as a kinsman.
He may recover.
He may show what he is courageous, but I think he would wish he lived in the Thames up to the neck as cold as it is.
He can win, and what is music?
He meant he did not do anything for me, the more I did.
He might have chidled me like that, because I am a child who is chiding.
He does not miss anything.
He named Sebastian.
He is not as many, sir, or not as many as Caesar has.
He does not have to.
He never did harm that I have heard of.
He will not see my face again.
He only made one of them in a general manner, honest and common sense.
He only lived until he was a man, and no sooner had his strength confirmed in the unshrinking station where he fought, he died
He is going to do some good humor and a good job.
He is begging the duke in the morning and night, and he will impeach the state’s freedom if they refuse him justice.
He asks you to save his life.
He raised the house with loud and cowardly rants.
He ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall.
He received them from the man who brought them.
He replied, “You stupid bastard!
He said my eyes were black and my hair was black.
He once said the devil would have him talk about women.
He said the truth.
He saves me time by making me laugh.
He says he is asking us all for Brutus’s sake.
He says he will come.
He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name is Poor Tom.
He says that, Tranio?
He says that.
He says they cannot do anything in this way.
He says your daughter is not feeling well.
He is looking for my life.
He seems to know about that, and so he is coming to speak with you.
He does not see you.
He asks if you want to play with Laertes, or wait a while.
He sent me a message if I said his beard was not cut well, but he knew it.
He will do this, or I will recant the pardon I gave him.
He will enlarge him.
He will have justice and his bond.
He will not have anything but the penalty.
He will be ready in time.
He will kill us two, and indeed we are two men, but that is not the case.
He will live a man forbid.
He will not go to prison.
He will not live.
He will pay for the person who owns him.
He will not see any fear.
He will scold fate, scold death, and he hopes to be wise, grace, and fear.
He will stay with me.
He will taste my bottle.
He will tell them so.
He will think that if you drop the letters, they are from my niece and that she is in love with him.
He should commit your godfathers for that.
He sings at the grave.
He smiled and said, “The better for us.” He was right, and so is it.
He has been searching for my life, but lately, very recently.
He is speaking home, madam.
He is not saying anything.
He is only a madman.
He is talking to me. I am your master, Dromio.
He is very good.
He started a heart attack on you.
He is still in your will.
He shook at my house, but I do not shake him.
He is supper tonight with a harlotry, and I will go to him.
He swore he would not marry, but despite his swore, he eats his meat without grudging.
He is a bit confused with how much he understands, and so he comes to speak with you.
He taught me how to know a man in love, and you are not a prisoner.
He tells me that I am a Jew’s daughter, and he says that you are not a member of the commonwealth.
Gertrude, he tells me he has found the source of your son’s distemper.
The one who loves me, who loves me, and who cannot afford it.
The one who conceals him is death.
The person who has a house to put his head in has a good head.
Who has the two beautiful daughters?
The man who is giddy thinks the world is turning.
I beg you, tell me what you mean by that.
If he has been robbed, do not let him know what he is doing, and he is not robbed at all.
He who eats a crustacé or a crumb, tired of all, will want some.
If he knows better how to tame a shrew, let him speak.
The one who separates us will bring us a brand from heaven and fire us away like foxes.
The man who plays the king will be welcome.
He who will see this day and live old will feast on his old age feast with his neighbors every year and say, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.”
The man who screams at him to scold his soul is light, and he dies upon motion.
The sweetest rose will find Rosalind and love.
If you think he is old enough to live, give me some help.
He sends you to the dukedoms, whom you claim to have no more than you.
He thinks he is still playing his instrument.
He thinks that he is twenty times better than a man, and that he is twenty men to one.
He threw his eyes aside and threw away the object. It was the object of a tree whose boughs were bald and mossed with dry ancient times.
He is a stalking horse, and he has a wit-strength.
He was a bachelor.
He was a good king.
He was a man.
He was a fool who brought my answer back.
He was tempted to scold him, but suddenly he was struck by a Roman thought.
He was dressed like a hunter.
He was my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend,
He was not born to be shameful.
He was between them, and the one who seemed to tell them his memory was in Egypt with his joy.
He was not sad, because he would shine on those who look like him.
When I left him, he was not more than three miles from here.
He was so quick when he went to school.
He was so happy when he was young, so long as he was a little young, that if this rule were true, he would be gracious.
He was not going to call me a loaner; let him look at his contract.
He was not going to lend money to a Christian, but he should look at his debts.
He is desperate.
He would be a brave monster if they were in his tail.
He was an excellent man, made just midway between him and Benedick.
He was no lion, but Romans were not a king.
I loved him, and I was the first man to be the prime duke.
He will carry you easily, and you will be able to keep your reins well.
He will come straight away.
He will do everything he does for Hastings.
He will find it is from a tyrant.
He will keep that name.
He will not fight with me, Domitius?
He will not know what everyone else knows.
He will not say that.
He will return to his Egyptian dish.
He will, if he is a man.
He wonders how many troops you have assembled to bring him to, without being told of it before.
He wore his beaver up.
He would be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He would make it a joke and torment the poor lady.
He would not have spoken to me like this.
He would not take the crown.
He would not?
He loves the prince for his father’s sake so much that he will not be beaten up to fight him.
He is.
He was the best lady to be a fair lady.
He is the one who must marry this woman.
He, sir.
Caliban, who is in service now.
He is in a bit of a dreadful position, after some court action, at Malvolio’s request, as a gentleman and follower of my lady.
When he talks about her, he cannot stop laughing.
He, woman.
He is.
He is still dead yet, even though every drop of water swears against it and gapes at the widest point to get him.
He will only make a comparison with me, which, if you do not laugh at it, makes him angry, and saves a wing
He will frighten you, I am sure.
He will be a good man.
He will shake your Paris louvre for it, if it were the mistress court of mighty Europe.
He will never be forgiven for that.
He will say he is coward when he wakes up.
He will speak with you whether you want him to or not.
He will give the horologe a double set if he does not drink his cradle.
He is a conspirator.
He is a coward and a coward who will not drink to my niece until his brain turns toe like a liar.
He is a friend of the Duke of Alençon.
He is a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He is a traitor.
He is a fool and a prodigal.
He is almost dead, and Roderigo is dead.
He is as good at anything as a fool, but he is still a fool.
He is as tall as any man in Illyria.
He is bound to Octavia.
He is coming here now, and Regan is with him.
He is coming, madam, but he is very strange.
He is coming, madam.
He is dead and rotting.
He is dead.
He is fat, and a little breath. Here, Hamlet, take my handkerchief and rub your eyebrows.
He is defending any denial.
He is friends with Caesar, you say you are in good health, and you are free.
He is gone, but his wife has been killed.
He is gone.
He is in Arthur’s bosom, if he ever went to Arthur’s bosom.
He is in his right place now and does not speak like the wisest.
He is wearing yellow stockings.
He is married to Octavia.
He is married, madam.
He is married.
He is not the standard.
He is not your father.
He is in Florence now.
He is the color of nutmeg.
He is safe for three hours.
He is talking now, or he is whispering, “Where is my serpent from the Nile?” Because he is calling me.
He is the one who is.
He is worth more sorrow than I will be grieving for him.
He is worth no more than that.
Listen a little more and then I will bring you to the business that is now on the rise.
Listen to Antony.
Listen to his speech, but say you are not.
Listen to it.
Do not listen to it, Duncan, because it summons you either to heaven or to hell.
Listen to me a word, because I will never speak to you again.
Listen to my cause and be silent so you can hear me.
Listen to me with patience.
Listen to me yet, Shylock.
Listen to me, Beatrice. Talk to a man out of a window.
Listen to me, because I will speak.
Listen to me, good brother.
Listen to me, good friends.
Listen to me, madam.
Listen to what I say.
Listen to me, my lord.
Listen to me, Queen. It is important that we have time to do it.
Listen to me, recreant!
Listen to me, you wrangling pirates, who fall out of sharing what you have pilled from me.
Listen to my excuse.
Listen to my soul.
Listen to the ambassadors.
Listen to the noble Antony.
Listen to the shrill whistle, which is what happens when sounds are confused.
Do you hear her in your voice?
Do you hear the news from abroad?
Listen, my lords, we are ready.
Listen, sir.
Listen to Nature, listen to me, dear Nature.
Have you heard of the streets stumbling?
Did you hear this, Gonzalo?
Heart is stronger than your continent is.
Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets cant think, speak, cast, write, sing, number.
Thank you.
Heaven and earth!
You are the witness of God’s love.
Heaven and you had a part in this handsome maiden.
Heaven knows what is going on.
Heaven keep the monster from being in Othello’s mind.
Heaven knows what she knows.
Heaven is free of it.
I swear to send you such a message, not to pick bad from bad, but to fight bad.
Heaven keep you.
Let’s rest them.
Heaven knows that you are as false as hell.
Heaven would wish she had these gifts, and I would live and die her slave.
Heavenly powers, restore him.
Heaven keeps him from these beasts.
Heaven makes our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him.
Heavens shield Lysander if they want to fight.
Thank you.
Heavens, I am the best person to speak this language, if only I were just where it was spoken.
Oh, yes.
Helena, it is not true.
Helena, we will talk to you.
Helena, goodbye.
Help me out of here.
Benvolio, help me get some house, or I will faint.
Help me, help me.
Help me, ladies!
Help me get this out of my wine cellar, or I will take you out of my kingdom.
Good cousin, good Meg, good Ursula, help me get dressed.
Help us, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Hem them away.
The world is banished from the world, and the world’s exile is death.
He is growing his ambition. Do you hear that?
I will go see my ghostly friar, where he will help me, and tell him what I am doing.
Come with your children.
Please calm down as I give her father’s heart to her.
Go away and stay away from me.
Go!
So go away!
Go away and do not follow me anymore.
That is a horrible shadow.
I will scold your eyes like balls before me.
If he is a savage, he will keep your fortune from falling apart.
So, make sure you get it right.
Go, Mardian, and tell me how he takes my death.
Go on, scolding farmer!
That is a sane eunuch!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Go on.
Go on.
I will never be Romeo.
I will be afflicted with you, fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Now, do your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, crowned king of France and England, succeeded this king.
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.
Her blush is guilt, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in the Capulet tomb, and her immortal part lives with the angels.
I am starting to pity her.
Her eyes are talking.
Her eyes would be so bright in the air that birds would sing and think it was night.
Her eyes are fierce, but you are comforting and not burning.
Her savage leas are tearing up their hemlocks and rank fumitory.
Her father is Baptista Minola, a friendly and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me, and he invited me to speak frequently, and asked me about my life from year to year, the battles, sieges, and the fortunes I have passed.
Her father’s brother would be her lord?
What color is her hair?
Her head has declined, and death will save her, but you will help her.
Her hedges, even-shaped, like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair, put forth disordered wigs.
Her husband, king.
Her husband?
She is suffering with everything else you need to know more about, and this is what she is doing.
Her lord is here.
She would love us both, and she would love us both.
She has told me so many times.
Her name is Katherina Minola, known in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Her name is Margery.
Her name is Portia, and Cato’s daughter, Portia, has nothing to do with her name.
Her name is as fresh as the face of Dian, now as black and begrimed as my own face.
She is shrewd and frightened, so beyond any measure that if my state was far worse than it is, I would not marry her for a mine of gold.
Her clothes are sick and green, and no fools wear them.
Her vine, the cheerful cheerer of the heart, is untrained.
Her spooky son has broken his arrows, and he is afraid he will not shoot more than sparrows and be a boy.
Her worth lies in the wind, and through the whole world she bears Rosalind.
Herald, save your money.
Here we are.
Here are enemies.
Here at the door.
Here at your service.
Here comes Catesby again.
Let’s stop some more questions.
Here come the lovers, who are full of joy and joy.
Here come the officers.
Here come two noble beasts, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ancient Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another tribe.
Here comes another army to search for you.
Here comes Antony.
Here comes Baptista.
Here comes Brabantio and the brave Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he did not have a hand in his death, will benefit from his death.
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here comes my servant.
Here comes my servant.
Here comes my messenger. How are you, mad spirit?
Here comes my noble gull-catcher.
Here comes more comfort.
Here comes Oberon.
Here comes one paring.
Here comes one of them.
Here comes another snorkeling.
Here comes Sir Oliver.
Here comes Sir Toby’s arrest.
Here comes the count.
Here comes the countess.
Here comes the Emperor.
Here comes the fool, I am sure.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, and the courtiers.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain.
Here comes the man you mean.
Here comes the man who saved me.
Here comes the noble Antony.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio in the rush.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Here comes Thisbe.
Here are two of the duke’s pages.
Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
I will choose here, and I will grow as much as I can.
You keep a hundred knights and squires, men so disorderly, debauched and bold that this court, infected with their manners, shows like a riotous inn.
Here he comes with your niece.
Here he is, with Captain Jamy, the Scots captain.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here I am Antony, but I cannot hold my head in this direction, my king.
Here I am.
Here I am.
I will kneel here. If I ever trespassed his love by thinking or deed, or if I ever had I
Here I am, your slave. A poor, infirm, weak, and despised old man.
I will sit in the middle.
Here in the tent.
I have lurked in these rooms here to watch the waning of my enemies.
Here is a friar who trembles, sighs and weeps.
Here is a place to be.
Here is a rural fellow who will not be able to see your Highness.
This is a great surprise, if you talk about it.
Here is better than in the air.
Here is everything that is good for life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here is more news.
Here are more of us.
Here is my bed.
Here is my butt, and I am the seamark of my most beautiful sail.
Here is the cap your Worship has said.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here is the man.
Here is the money.
Here is the number of French prisoners.
Here is the place, my lord.
Here is your fee.
Here is a postscript.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Here, there was Duncan, his silver skin laced with his golden blood, and his gashed stabs looked like a wasteful entrance.
Let them lie here until they die of hunger and disease.
I will lie down here and measure out my grave.
Here lies the slain county, and Juliet is bleeding, warm and newly dead, who has been buried here for two days.
Here lies the east.
Here you go.
Love shows you how diligent I am to make sure I have a dress for you and bring it to you.
Here on her breast there is a spherical blood stream, and something has been blown.
Here she comes, cursed and sad.
Here the street is narrow.
I will stay here for a while.
Here they will be, man.
They thought they had charmed this man and her husband, who have promised to pay for their bedright until they have lighted their torch.
Here was a Caesar!
Here he was, listening to a song.
Here we go.
Your servants were fighting your enemy, and I was fighting you very closely.
I will rest here until dawn.
Here we sit and listen to the music in our ears.
Here you can roast your goose.
Here, at your hand.
Here, catch this casecase.
Here, Fluellen, wear this favor for me and wear it in your cap.
Here comes Master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too.
Here, I will remain with worms that are your chambermaids.
Here, here, sir.
Here, here!
Here, kiss the book.
Here, madam, at your service.
Here, madam: Consecrate them.
Here, madam.
Here, master.
Here, Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here is Peter Quince.
Signior Tranio, you aimed at this bird, though you did not hit her.
Here, sir, she asked me to give you a ring.
Here, sir, as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir, but do not bother him.
Here, sir.
Here, sir!
Here, Grumio.
Here, stand behind this cloak, he will come straight away.
Here, sir, at your service.
Take away this dish.
Here, you incest, murderous, damned Dane, drink this potion.
Here, I will speak under the permission of Brutus and the rest of the family—for Brutus is an honorable man; they are all honorable men— at Caesar’s funeral.
Here, wear this jewel for me.
Here.
Here.
That is a change.
There is a good world in this world.
There is a madman who will murder me.
Here is a slut that is throwing through slanders and meanders.
There is a night of pity for neither wise man nor fool.
Here is a spirit.
Here is another more powerful figure than the first.
Cassio has been hurt by villains.
Here is Decius Brutus.
Here is a drink.
Here are France and Burgundy, my noble lord.
Here is a good thing to do.
He is dry, up and down.
Here is Lucentio, the right son to the right Vincentio.
Here is a more attractive piece of metal.
Here is more news.
There is no bush or shrub to hide from the weather.
Here is no snathing.
Here is someone coming in his shirt with light and weapons.
Here is a friend, a friend, and a friend who knows you well.
Here is our chief guest.
Here are our hands against our hearts.
Here is a pack of clothes, with a witness, to fool us all.
Here is Romeo’s servant.
Here is snip and snip and cut and slash, like a censer in a barber’s shop.
Yes, here is a game!
Here are a few sleeves.
Here is the one who will drive some of them to a noncome.
Here is a payment that will pay them all, I promise you.
Here is the friar ready.
Here is the way: I was sitting on a silver-covered table, where Cleopatra and himself were sitting.
Here is the place.
Here is the smell of blood still alive.
Here is to Caesar.
Here is to you, Menas!
Here is to your health.
There is too much “out on you!” Please let me in.
Here is some liquor left.
In a better world than this, I would like to know more about you.
I see you do not love me with the same weight that I love you.
Hero can hide his virtue.
Hero who is dead!
Hero thinks she will die, because she says she will die if he does not love her, and that she will die if she tells him
You are hers.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Are you a man with a golden crown?
Be patient and smiley.
Hie, noble Jew.
Hie, slave.
So, Robin, overcast the night.
Go to good luck!
Go to your room.
Go to the church.
Go on horse.
Go to the cell.
Hurry up, because it is getting late.
Hey, Messala, and I will look for Pindarus.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Come, great Juno, the highest queen of state.
Oh, ho, ho, boy!
You have already thought about him, his worth, and our need for him.
He is in person?
Himself.
His absence is the reason for his promise.
His feelings do not go that way.
He said that the people were not used to being spoken to by the only person.
His voice is foul and foul.
His bark is stout and rusty, and his pilot is very expert and apprehensive.
He was grizzled, no?
He is better off not breathing on the earth.
He is a good man.
His heart has burst in the scuffles of great fights, reneges all temperance, and becomes the bellows and fan to cool a gypsy’s lust.
He is not a man, and even though his affections are higher than ours, when they stoop, they stoop with the same wing.
His company must do his best to his servants while I am starving at home to get a good look.
He is doing his best to do my best.
He does not like me.
His coward lips were flying from their color, and the same eye whose bends awe the world lost its luster.
His daughter and I will be king and queen, save our graces.
You will bring his daughter to the supper.
His daughters are seeking his death.
He is not dead, but not dead.
I am sure he cannot carry his bravery, because the goose does not carry the fox.
He left his friend here in a hurry and refused to let him go.
His relationship with my niece is impressive.
He did, if he had.
His eyes are humbler than they used to be.
His eyes are as red as fire with weeping.
His eyes were as green as leeks.
His eyes were set at eight in the morning.
His father was Philip of Macedon, as I say.
His father, though I say he is an honest, extremely poor man, and, God be thanked, he is well to live.
He is guilty of what the law should end, Tybalt’s life.
His fault is very bad, and the good kings master will check him out.
He was insane.
Helena, he is not my fault.
He is talking well about his friend.
His glory was not attenuated when he was worthy, nor did he commit any crimes that he committed.
His grace made the match, and he said “Amen.”
He is smiling today.
His cheerfulness speaks.
His highness is not well.
His Honor and I are at one, and at the other is my good friend Catesby, where nothing can happen that affects us.
His horse is dead, and he is fighting on foot, looking for Richmond in the throat of death.
He is almost finished.
His indignation is caused by a serious injury.
His knights are rioting, and he upbraides us on every corner.
He will be done if you have tuned in.
He is only so stiff, and yet he is well.
His letter will tell you his estate.
I gave him his life and gave him my love without any hesitation.
His life was gentle, and the elements mixed so well in him that Nature could say to the world, “This was a man.
His majesty is threatening my person’s safety.
His name is Balthazar.
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
His name!
His name is Cinna.
His neigh is like a monarch’s bid, and his countenance is a homage to him.
His nurse?
His unkindness, which stripped her of his power and gave her rights to his dog-hearted daughters, gave her dear life.
His passport will be made, and his money will be filled with crowns for the convoy.
We thank you for his present and your pain.
His arm shook the world.
I know his reason.
His grouchy madness allows it to do anything.
His royal throne, who is better preserved than you would wish, cannot be quiet and quiet, but you have to trouble him with a few lewd complaints.
His army is double that of the other two.
His son is older than that, sir.
His son is thirty.
His son was a ward only two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits hear me, but I have to curse him.
His taints and honors were equal to him.
He has taken the infection.
That is what he said in the letter.
His wits are gone.
His word is more than the miraculous harp.
His word could bear my wealth anytime.
He said, “Goodbye, lady.” Nothing else.
Oh, ho, ho!
Ho, lock the door.
Now you are hitting like a blind man.
Open the door.
He has a word of love.
Keep him safe until the Prince arrives.
Do not be afraid, even if you are afraid.
Hold off the earth for a while until I have caught her in my arms once more.
Hold off your hand.
Hold off your hands.
Hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it.
Hold on.
Hold your breath.
Do you have the watch tonight?
Hold on, there is a groat to heal your wounds.
Stop, for shame.
Hold on, for your lives.
Stop!
Hold my heart, and you, my lords, do not grow old instantly, but hold me up.
Hold my hand.
Hold or cut bowstrings.
Hold on, sir, for God’s sake.
Hold on, sir, here is my money.
Hold on, sir, or I will throw your dagger out of the house.
Hold on, take my sword.
Hold these keys and get some more spices, Nurse.
Hold on to that and that.
Stop, then.
There are forty ducats.
Hold on, there is money for you.
Hold on, there is half my money.
Stop, Toby!
Hold on, dear lady.
Stop!
Is it true that the Duke of Cornwall was killed so badly?
Holla!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, what a change this is.
Go home, you lazy people get you home.
Iago has ordered it.
Good-bye, Nurse.
Yes, I am.
Honest, my lord?
Honest, my lord?
Hooray!
Hooray!
Hood my unmanned blood batting in my cheeks, with your black mantle, until strange love grows bold.
Hop on walks and gambol in his eyes.
I hope I can choose.
The cries in Tom’s belly for two white herrings.
Horatio says it is only my fantasy and won’t let the belief take hold of him once he saw this dreaded sight of us.
Horatio, you are just as handsome as I am.
Horn mad, you villain!
Horns?
What a horrible sight!
It is a cliff.
Horses are tied by their heads, dogs and bears by their necks, monkeys by their loins, and men by their legs.
I suggest you listen.
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, calm down.
Hortensio, what are all these words?
Hot, hot, and moist.
Hound or spaniel, brach or him, Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail. Tom will make them cry and wail.
Go ahead and say that the right thing has changed your infant to a night.
What are you feeling now?
How is “the seventh cause”?
How strange is that?
How are you wearing the wreath?
How am I getting snuck up?
How am I going to be false?
How am I a villain to advise Cassio on this course, just to his good?
How do you answer for yourself?
How are you going to respond to that?
How is the fight going?
How are they doing?
How are you out of breath when you have a breath to tell me that you are out of breath?
How cruel the world is.
How can I do that?
How did he get mad?
How did she see such a bright eye?
How did she get that light?
How did this happen?
How did we get off the shore?
How did you recover from that?
How did you get started?
Cassio, how did you come by that handkerchief that was my wife’s handkerchief?
How can it be?
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
How can that be, when the king himself has the power to oversee your Danish succession?
How can that be?
How can I seem to be a slander to you if I have the proof that I am true?
How can this be?
How can you get rid of this marriage?
How can you make me happy?
How can you do that, Titania, because I know you love me?
How can you try them like this?
How can you tell us to obey Gods dreadful law when you have broken it so high?
How can you get her?
What chance does the king have to come with such a small train?
What chance do you have to fade so quickly?
How could you get back so soon?
How are they going?
How are you cheering, Jessica?
How are you getting so upset, husband?
How is it?
How is that?
How did he get this trick?
How did you find out the seventh cause?
How did my master die, Strato?
How are you all at Verona?
What do you mean, remove him?
How are you, Cassio?
How are you, madam?
How are you, Malvolio?
How are you, pretty lady?
How are you, sir?
How are you, women?
How is Hamlet?
How does he love me?
How is lieutenant Cassio?
How is my sister?
How is my good Lord Hamlet?
How did my old friends of this island be?
How is my royal lord?
How is my wife?
How is the queen?
How is your honor?
How are you and your master agree?
How are you feeling now?
How are you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How are you, Benedick, the married man?
How are you, Charles?
How are you, Guildenstern?
How are you, my good fellow?
How are you?
How are you, my lord?
How is my lady?
How is she?
How is the prince?
How do you serve it to me, villains, who do not love it?
It is so easy to get out of here.
How far is it, lords?
How far that little candle blows its beams.
How are you, soldier?
How is my servant?
How is my Juliet?
How is my lord doing?
How is my noble lord?
How is our cousin Hamlet doing?
How is our cousin, noble lord of York?
How are you?
How is your majesty?
How fearful and dizzy it is to look at one’s eyes so low.
How beautiful my master is!
How much do you reason?
How foolish are you thinking now, Calphurnia?
How is it?
How is it going?
How is it going now?
How is it with my brave Mark Antony?
How is the night going, boy?
How is the world going with you?
How is the world going now?
How green!
How have you lost your breath?
How have you offended me?
How have you been a divine, a ghostly confessor, a sin-solver, and my friend said you are trying to fool me with that banishment?
How did you get jailed?
How did I behave so that he could keep the most sane opinion about my poor use?
How have I offended you?
How have the hours racked up and tortured me since I lost yours?
How have you known the misfortunes of your father?
How have you split yourself?
How have you slept, my lord?
How much is my lord?
How do I do it?
I will tell you what I think of this, and what happened in this time.
How idly they talk.
What if it were foolish and fair?
What if he does not stand up?
What if I answered “no”?
What if the kiss was denied?
What if they do not want to?
What if your husband had started somewhere else?
What do you think you are doing, practiced?
How is it with me when every noise strikes me?
How are you, Bianca?
How are you?
How is it, brother?
How is it, Laertes?
How is it, my noble lord?
How is it?
How is it the “man in the moon”?
How is she?
What is that, general?
How is the man who has been honored here in the city?
How are you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How are you, the young German, the Duke of Saxony’s nephew?
How are these quick-witted folks, Gremio?
How long has he been there?
How long has she been here?
How long has he been in possession?
How long have you been a strologer?
How long do you plan to stay in this forest?
How did he look?
How did you lose your company?
How low am I, you painted a maypole?
How low am I?
How lush and lusty the grass looks!
How malicious I am, that I have to repent to be just.
How many cowards whose hearts are as false as the sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy.
How many noblemen have you lost in this battle?
How many good creatures there are here.
How many months do you want?
How many people who are so bare should be covered?
How many things are done by season to achieve their true perfection?
How many times will Caesar bleed in sport, which now is worth more than the dust?
How many, as you guess?
How can that be?
How can the Duke be satisfied with that, whose messengers are on my side when they are bringing me to him?
How can we try it further?
It is better to cry at joy than to rejoice at crying.
How much did I have to do to calm his rage?
How many honorary men would be benefited from the wealth they deserve?
You are so much older than you look!
How unlike Mark Antony!
How can I get through this?
What is going on, brother Edmund?
How are you going, Captain Macmorris?
What is going on, Cassio?
What is going on, Hero?
What is going on, daughter and cousin?
What is going on, daughter?
What is going on, fellow?
How are you coming from the bridge, Fluellen?
What is going on, friend Eros?
What is going on, general?
What is going on, gentleman?
What is going on, Grumio?
What is going on, Horatio?
What is going on, what is going on?
What are you saying, interjections?
What is going on, lady?
What is the news, Lord Stanley?
What is going on, Lorenzo?
What is going on, Malvolio?
What is going on, Malvolio?
What is going on, masters?
What is going on, mistress?
What is going on, Othello?
Why are you so pale, my friend?
What is going on, my hearts?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my lord?
What is going on, my love?
What is the news, my metal from India?
What is going on, my noble friend?
What is going on, my handsome king?
What is going on, my sweet Bianca?
What is going on, old man?
What is going on, Oswald?
What is going on, Roderigo?
What is going on, Roderigo?
What is going on, Shylock?
What is going on, Sir Toby Belch?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, sir?
What is going on, spirit?
What is going on, Tubal?
What is the news?
What is the matter?
Who is calling me?
What is going on, worthy soldier?
What is going on, you dog?
What is going on, you hags in secret, you are black, and you are at midnight?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
How odd he is.
How odd you are.
How often have my old feet stumbled on gravestones?
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How would you like to be ruled by me?
How did he split with you?
How poor are those who haven’t been patient?
How can you prove that?
How quickly the wrong side can get outward.
How happy is your lord?
What did you say by the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
What do you think about this change?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
What do you say, Cassio?
What do you have to say, lady?
What do you have to say, Signior Gremio?
What do you have to say, sir?
What do you say then?
How should I answer you?
How can I see you again?
How will my faith return to earth unless my husband sends it to me by leaving the earth?
How can we betray the lazy time, if not with some joy?
How can this be done?
How can we see their tears?
How can we try it?
How can you hope for mercy, without a doubt?
How would that be?
How should they look when wise men do not have eyes?
The sound of lovers singing tongues by night is silver-sweet.
They are so smooth and even happy, as if they were faithful and loyal.
How sound asleep she is!
How sweet it is to have a love that only takes place in the shadows of love.
How sweet the moonlight is shining on this bank.
How tartly that gentleman looks!
What could change his life?
How the moon sleeps with Endymion and does not want to be awake.
What then, sick?
What do you think of it?
How sexist you are!
How good this is.
How will this sneer?
How will you live?
How are you going to do for a father?
How can I honor him for the gift I have given you?
How is the town’s governor still doing?
How can I pray for you?
How, Cordelia?
How, how, how?
How, please?
How can many people under two commanders have a good life?
You will get more money by stripping it.
I am afraid to think about how to be sane.
How is my pretty York?
How, the non-pareil!
How will she ever be?
How?
How?
How?
How?
How?
How is that?
How is the day?
If you are a fiend, you are protected by the shape of a woman.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
I am a howling.
What a riddle!
Hugh Capet, who inherited the crown of Charles the duke of Lorraine, the sole heir of Charles the Great, was able to find some proof of his innocence
Hum!
Thank you, sir.
I am humbly on my knee asking for your blessing.
Thank you, sir.
Humh!
Huntsman, I charge you, tender my hounds.
Hurry him in eleven places.
I will dine with you today and prank you with a thousand pranks.
Let’s follow to see what is going on.
What is your relationship with your husband?
Hush and be quiet, or else our spell is ruined.
You think he and Caliban are no different, but you do not think he is different.
Hush!
Hymen brought her from heaven, brought her here.
I am an itching palm.
I have scolded him.
I am almost dying for food, and let me have it.
I will go alone.
I am a strange man.
I am a fool to cry at what I am glad about.
I am a gentleman of a company.
I am a gentleman of blood and breeding, and I have gained some knowledge of how to do this.
I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I am a gentleman.
I am a Jew.
I am a king, my masters, do you know that?
I am a soldier, and I am more capable than you, and more capable of making decisions.
I am not a common man.
I am a sick sheep, the sickest of them for death.
I am a foolish old man, with a four-score and a half-hour left.
I am a villain.
I think few die well in battle, because how can they do what they want to do when they are fighting?
I am afraid you are making a wish for me.
It is night, and all this is just a dream.
I am afraid he will chase me.
I am afraid this great lubber, the world, will be a cockney.
I am afraid to hear you tell me.
I agree, and I wish he had the best horse in Padua to start his wooing, which would woo her thoroughly, wed her, and bed her, and rid the house of her
I am all the daughters of my father’s house, and all the brothers, but I do not know.
I am the worst person on earth, and I am so much.
I do not know what to say.
I am an ass, I am a woman’s servant, and I am besides myself.
I am an ass, indeed.
I am an ass, but I would like to know her as well as she knows me.
I am well prepared and armed. Do not give me your hand, Bassanio.
I am as mad as he is, if sad and merry madness is equal.
I am ashamed I gave them the money.
I am ashamed that women are so simple to offer war where they should kneel for peace; or seek rule, supremacy, and sway when they are bound to serve
I am tired of this moon.
I am tired.
I am going to supper with Jessica.
I am bound by oath, and I will pardon him.
I am sure I will hear it.
I am bound to Count Orsino’s court.
I am bound to you forever.
I am bound to your niece.
I am a boy to all three of them, but all three of them, even if they would serve me, cannot be man to me.
I am only hurt.
I am only a mad man in the north-north-western.
I am called Dercetus.
I am called.
I have changed my mind.
I am Christopher Sly.
I am going to tell my king and master to have a good night.
I am always dedicated to my purpose.
I am happy you will keep me, but do not stay, keep me as long as you can.
I am happy, so that the maiden cities you talk of will wait on her.
I am happy you get it.
I am satisfied.
I am satisfied.
I am cut to the brains.
I am talking about my present store, and I cannot raise up to three thousand ducats instantly.
I am desperate about my situation if they check me out.
I am sure you have been scolded and scolded by her as we call hers.
I am dumb.
I am dying, Egypt, dying.
I am a natural fool of luck.
He is famished by his service.
I am afraid in the town and in the field.
I am fire and air, my other elements I give to basers.
I am for it, lieutenant, and I will do my best to you.
I am for the air.
I am for you.
I am for you.
I am full of joy.
I have been told by a secret that your younger brother Orlando has the right to come in disguise against me to try a fall.
I am glad he has come, howsoes he is?
I am glad about that.
I am glad about that.
I am glad you have left.
I am glad about that.
I am glad about that.
I am glad about that.
I am glad my weak words have caused Brutus to fire.
I am glad you cannot speak better English, because if you could find me, you would think I had sold my farm to buy my crown.
I am glad your father is dead, your death was his fault, and your grief smothered his old thread.
I am glad to see you in this merry mood.
I am glad you are insane.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see you.
I am glad to see you.
I am gone, though I am still here.
I am Grumio’s pledge.
I am sorry that you will say that he is a friend to you, and that you are so witful of praising him.
I am the one who is so love-shaken.
I am him.
I am very glad I came to see you.
I am already here, sir.
I am hers.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
I have been your daughter for a while.
I am hurt.
I am a prince, Miranda. I think I am a king; I would not, not so.
I am ordered to deliver the noble Duke of Clarence to your hands.
I am indebted to you for your last job.
I have been informed of the cause.
I am Launcelot, who was your boy, is your son, and will be your child.
I do not know what I wanted you to know.
I am locked in one of them.
I have been mutilated for a long time.
I am abused.
I am more an ancient Roman than a Roman.
I would not change that calling for Frederick Rowland to be his adopted heir.
My mother, a sailor, played a false role in the fight.
I am very close to you.
When I hear sweet music, I never get a lot of fun.
I am not a child, no baby.
I am not a fee-free person, lady.
I am not a fighter.
I am no less in pain than you are, Edmund.
I am no more mad than you are.
I am not a traitor.
I am not a villain.
I am not one of his flirty gills.
I am not one of his servants.
I am not one of these people, my lord.
I am not a slut, though I thank the gods for being foul.
I am not a barbason, you cannot fool me.
I am not asking for love.
I am not going to please you with my answers.
I am not Cinna the conspirator.
I am not drunk.
I am not for this ambling.
I do not have the money to pay for it.
I am not a game-player.
I am not guilty of Lysander’s blood.
I am not here.
I do not know if there is a man like that or if there are those eyes shut that make you answer “yes.” If he is killed, say “yes,” or if not,
I am not in a good mood.
I am not in the giving mood today.
I am not insane, Sir Topas.
I am not insane.
I am not made of stones, but I am able to find your kind love against my conscience and my soul.
I am not married, Caesar.
I am not a good man, but I am a fool by pretending to be different.
I am not a lot of words, but I thank you.
I am not yours.
I am not sick if Brutus has any exploit worthy of the name of honor.
I am not so good at it.
I am not as well suited for a job as I would be, but I will never go out.
I am not sorry, either.
I am not Stephano, but I am a cramp.
I am not such an idiot as you, but I can keep my hand dry.
I have never been taught to make anything.
You do not know me, but I know you are perfect in your honor.
I am not a fool.
I am not well-informed, and that is all.
I am not well.
I am not what I am.
I am away from home now and I cannot afford to pay you for your entertainment.
I am in a great hurry now, as it may appear to you.
I am old and foolish.
I am old now, and I am ruined by these same curses.
I am one of those people who has been so angry and angry that I have been reckless in doing what I do to spite the world.
I am one of you who tells you that the Moor is making the beast with two backs.
I am sorry he did not have any other man to kill himself.
I think I am out of all other tunes.
I am paid for it now.
I am pale, Charmian.
I am scolded for this world, I swear.
I am poisoned.
I am scolded at the smell of leek.
I am getting sick quickly, and I love it.
I am ready now.
I am ready.
I am right about to go.
I am satisfied.
I am not breathing, my lord.
I have been sent before to make a fire, and they are coming after to warm them.
I am sick and sad.
I am sick of him, and whatever happens to be his affections, he is equally good for me.
I am so late in the world that I have lost my way forever.
If I stay longer, I will be ashamed and ashamed.
I am.
I am sorry for her, as I have just reason to be her uncle and guardian.
I am sorry for my cousin.
I am sorry, my friend.
I am sorry for you.
I am sorry for your dissatisfaction, but everything will be good.
I am sorry I beat you.
I am sorry I was fooled by him.
I am sorry I did not mention him with a better judgment.
I am sorry you do not enjoy your leisure. Antonio, please, this gentleman, because you are very close to him.
I am sorry you leave my father like that.
I am sorry to see you here.
I am sorry to have to give up my job. Help me out, dear Charmian.
I am sorry to hear this.
I am sorry.
I am sped.
I am strong-headed.
I am stuffed with my own hair.
I am sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.
I am sure he is in the fleet.
I am not sure I am such a person.
I am sure nobody has any fight with me.
I am sure of that.
I am sure the duke will never allow this claim to be held.
I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.
I am sure you both remember me.
I am sure you know him well.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness deserves thanks.
I am tame, sir.
I am the subject of these quarrels.
I am that fun wanderer of the night.
I am the duke who loved your father.
I am the greatest, but I am capable of the least.
I am the king himself.
I am the man.
I am Sir Rowland Rowland Rowland’s second son, who brings these tidals to this fair assembly.
I am Marcus Cato’s son.
I am the man. I will see that right away.
I am the youngest person in that name, because I am worse.
I am their father’s mother.
I am their mother.
I am so bold to think about what you promised me.
I am your father’s spirit, doomed for a certain period of time to walk the night and the day to be confined to fires until the terrible crimes I have committed
I am tied to the stake, and I have to stand up.
I am to blame for waiting for me.
I am to blame.
I am going to beg you not to put more emphasis on my speech than on suspicion.
I am too swollen with his shaft to soar with his light feathers, and I cannot get a pitch above dull sorrow.
I have been transformed, master, am I?
I am not in the mood for state and majesty.
I am very devoted to the matter, even the most sinister.
I am very glad about that.
I am very glad to see you, sir.
I am very glad to see you.
I am very poor and comfortable, and I do not like to be a good person.
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, and have more offences at my house than I have thought about, and have time to act in
I am very sorry you are not feeling well.
I am tired of you.
I am young, but I am a good man, and I would like to give up a poor lamb to help an angry god.
I am your host.
I am your neighbor, and I was first a suitor.
I am your own for forever.
I am your spaniel.
I am your wife if you want to marry me.
I am.
I have to debate with my wife for a while, and then I would not have any company.
I and my sword will earn our story.
I am angry her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the better man.
Is that what I am saying?
Henry, Lord Scroop of Masham, I arrest you for high treason.
Richard Earl of Cambridge, I arrest you for high treason.
Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland, I arrest you for high treason.
I assure my good lord that I am as good as I am, both to my God and to my gracious king.
I assure you, Carthage.
I will be there with all respect and duty.
I told him to knock on your gate and I couldnt get him to do it.
I do not have hatred, blessed man, because my intercession is like a foe.
I beg you to give me justice, which you, Prince, must give away.
I believe drink gave you the lie last night.
I believe we must leave out the killing until everything is done.
I beg you, young man, not to put another sin on my head by telling me to fury.
I beg you to forgive me if I am mistaken, because I cannot be silent when I think your highness is wrong.
Please do me this very courteously, so I can tell what I am doing to punish him.
Please follow straight.
Please, sir, go.
Please forgive me.
Please tell me what kind of man is he?
Please.
Please forgive me.
I did not tailor it to my needs.
I am beyond what else I can do to love you, honor you.
I am bleeding, but I am not dead.
I do not bring any war or homage to you.
I will tell you a story about the Prince’s death.
I am not sure, because I am very happy and determined to face all dangers quickly.
I should wear it myself.
I am calling you the most modest, because I am one of those gentle people who will use the devil himself with courtesy.
I do not call you.
I call them out to give her credit.
I called you a poor shadow, “painted queen,” the presentation of what I was, the flattering index of a direful pageant
I came from Corinth, my dearest lord.
I came here to tell you, and since she has been talking about me for too long, she is disloyal.
I can be hanged as well as tell the story.
I can be patient.
I cannot see it anymore.
I cannot resist throwing things at him.
I can advise you, ride, run, tell a curious story, and deliver a clear message.
I cannot live by thinking anymore.
I cannot do anything else.
I cannot do anything else.
I can read.
I can say nothing more than I have studied, and that is not what I have ever thought of.
I can see a church in the daylight.
I cannot see without spectacles, and I cannot see anything like that.
I can stand well enough, and speak well enough.
I can stay with Regan, with my hundred knights.
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I will be lying.
Where, good Mistress Mary?
I can tell you what you want.
I know that it will help you wear your shoes.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you found him.
I can tell your Majesty, the Duke is a handsome man.
I can write very like your niece.
I can tell her to look out her lady’s bedroom window at any time of the night.
I can find a wife who is rich, young, and wise, and has the best woman to marry.
I cannot be a man with wishing, so I will die a woman with grieving.
I cannot be so answerable.
Goneril, I cannot be so partial to the great love I have you. Please, calm down.
I cannot believe that.
I cannot tell you to live my daughter, that is impossible. I beg you both to tell the people of Messina that she was innocent
I cannot blame her.
I cannot blame you now for crying, because such a terrible injury would slap a saint, much more a shrew of your unpatient humor.
I cannot remember what I was doing.
I cannot draw a cart or eat dried oats.
I cannot drink too much of Brutus’s love.
I cannot find it.
I cannot fly, but I have to fight the course.
I cannot go any further.
I cannot go to, man, and it is not well.
I cannot hear any of you who saw her.
I cannot hide what I am.
I cannot hope Caesar and Antony will meet.
I cannot live without her.
I cannot live to hear the news from England.
I cannot love him.
I cannot make you what I want.
I cannot say “whore,” but it is a shame I have spoken of it right away.
I would have lost my legs and legs to a part of it.
I cannot speak enough of this.
I cannot speak of this.
I cannot speak to her, but she urged me to speak.
I cannot speak your English.
I cannot tell if it is true.
I cannot tell what you and other men think of this life, but I would be as miserable as myself if I were in awe of something like myself.
I do not know, except they are busied about a fake assurance.
I do not think so.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not think so.
I do not think my sister would fail her obligations.
I do not think you are my son.
I wish the fault were wiped out, because it is so good.
I do not care about living a good life.
I would not care about my spirits, if my legs weren’t tired.
I do not care.
I do not care.
I am telling you to do so, as you are my child.
I ask you, do not be angry more than I am.
I will take you there, and I will never be able to do that.
I ask you to speak.
I tell you, do not stop me.
I will tell you by law that you are a worthy pillar of justice.
As you hope for redemption, I ask that you leave and do not let me know.
I will get you home.
I will go with you.
I choose her for myself.
I chose her when I couldnt ask for advice from my father, and I did not think I had one.
I just came in to try to convince him to be my strength.
I am not coming to steal your heart, friends.
I am going to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I am coming to bring you to the senate house.
I am going to you to get charitable gifts, so that we can wander through this field to find our dead and then bury them.
I commanded that the sleeves be cut out and sewed up again, and that I prove that I can help you.
I am recommending my duty to you.
I will give you the best advice.
I admit it is my shame to be so fond, but I do not believe it.
I admit the cape.
I admit two sleeves.
All the saints in heaven swear to me.
I will conjure you by saying, if you come to know it, that you are asking me.
I could be sad.
I could be moved if I were as you.
I could do more to help Antony, but I would do it more to him than I did to punish him.
I could find a way to beat him, but the poor monster is drinking.
I could interpret your relationship with your love if I saw the puppets dripping.
I could make a slew of sex if I had a sow for my mistress.
I could marry him for this.
I could munch on your good oats.
I couldnt stand for you better than I am now.
I couldnt find him at the Elephant.
I cannot say anything about him.
I would not forget you, because I never saw you before in my life.
I couldnt stay behind you.
I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in and make everything split.
I could say she was worse.
I could tell you more about it.
I could bet it was.
I would have a good friend to do some other work.
I am asking for the law, the penalty, and the penalty.
I am asking your highness’ pardon.
I am a sinner.
I am crying for mercy, then, because I thought you had called me all these bitter names.
I will cry you mercy, then I took you for that insane Venice native who married Othello.
I am sorry, uncle. Thank you for your grace’s pardon.
I am asking for mercy.
I beg your worships name.
I am not going to do anything else.
I am sure no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
It is almost two and you will have dinner time before you come here.
I will tell you that, sir.
I would bet he would not leave it, and he would not take it off his finger for the wealth that the world has.
I am daring damnation.
I will draw my sword as soon as I see the opportunity for a fight and the law is on my side.
I would rather not put any money in it.
I dare tell him, no.
I would rather know a man than know him than know him.
I haven’t tried to drink yet, madam.
I do not dare, pardon me, I do not dare, so I will not be taken.
I do not dare, sir.
I dare pawn down my life for him, because he wrote this letter to feel my affection for you and to no other reason.
I would rather say you love him than wish him alone, so you are telling other men to think about him.
I swear he is not a hypocrite, but I am praying from his heart.
I swear this is the right Vincentio.
I dare, and I will fight you for a villain.
I am afraid of lechery.
Sometimes I am a bit snoring.
I did not deny you anything.
I do not deny it.
I would rather be under sail and go tonight.
I want you to be more familiar with me, good Master Mustardseed.
I enacted Julius Caesar.
I heard him groan, yes, and the one that told the Romans to write his speeches in their books.
I heard a horse squeezing.
I did her wrong. Can’t tell how an oyster makes its shell?
I once loved you.
I have never heard so loud a voice issue from such a empty heart.
I did not lie.
I did not kill your husband.
I haven’t seen him since.
I haven’t seen you since you sent me to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I did not think he knew her.
I did not think I would fight Pompey, because he has snobbed and defended me.
I did not think you could be so angry.
I did not think I had met you here, sir.
I did not lock you out, husband.
I did not.
I did not do anything.
I said that when I first got older.
I sent you for gold to pay my troops, which you denied me.
I sent you a ring after you got there.
I did that, and I am sure you will see it as a darling like your precious eye.
I did so, and I went further, which is now our point of second meeting.
I think your legs were formed in the shape of a galliard.
I did not notice him well.
I did, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
I am arresting you, sir.
I assure you, father, that is true.
I assure you, it is against my will.
I do not want the general to see me womaned.
I am starting to have bloody thoughts.
I think he was.
I believe it, and I ask you to forgive me.
I believe that applauses are for some new honors that are given to Caesar.
I beg you, if you are a bit savage, then you will enjoy it.
I beg you, who are suppler, to follow them swiftly and do what this ecstasy may provoke them.
I beg you to understand my purpose.
I beg you, so I can put it in my prayers. What is your name?
Please, sir, have patience.
I beg you, sir, not to bother yourself more.
Please, do not take it off the ground.
I beg you.
I beg your Grace to pardon me, who, in my service to God, delayed my visitation.
I beg you to excuse me, and I will beg you to stop your meeting with the noble duke.
Please, your Grace, tell me my fault.
Lord, I beg you to call her back.
I am biting my thumb.
I beg a little boy to be my king.
I am only keeping the peace.
I will wait until you are married, and then I will go to Aragon.
I confess my fault and obey your Highness’s orders.
I agree. Prick him down, Antony.
I am a fool and apprehend for a felon.
I hope it does not make me want to be a woman of the world.
I do not want to do anything else.
I hope we can be better strangers.
I accept your offer and leave for now the poor Claudio.
I am telling you, not a man, except I am alone until Antony has spoken.
I ask you to forgive me.
I am afraid the people will choose Caesar for their king.
I hear the lark in the morning.
I do not know what I am thinking, and I am afraid to find my eye too flattering for me.
I know him by his sneering.
I know when the blood burns, how prodigal the soul is to be a vow.
I do not have any spirit in Antony.
I love it better than laughing.
I do not love anything in the world as much as you.
I do not use it.
I do not want the thunder-bearer to shoot, and I do not want you to judge Jove.
I do not want you to call me.
I do not want him to answer for me, and yet I am determined to fight lustfully for him.
I do not think you are treating me fairly.
I do not know.
I do not know any woman’s face except my own.
I do not know what “poetical” means.
I do not know that you are as good a man as myself.
I do not know what to think, my lord.
I do not know.
I do not like her name.
I do not like the job.
I do not like the Tower, any place. Did Julius Caesar build that place?
I do not like your look, I promise you.
I do not like your actions.
I am not fooling myself, because I am afraid I am letting my imagination fool me, for every reason that my lady loves me.
I do not see them bleeding.
I am not a man who sets my life in a pins fee, and for my soul, what is it going to do with that being as immortal as it is?
I do not think so.
I do not think it is good.
I do not think so.
I do not think there is any woman like that.
I do not think you can, because you were not three when you were born.
I do not understand.
I do not know, my lord.
I do not understand.
I do not, sir.
I do not until you have done them on me.
I am not saying anything anymore.
I will obey you until I am free.
I remember in this shepherd boy some lively things about my daughter.
I remember that Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond should be king when Richmond was a little sane boy.
I remember now.
I remember where I should be, and I am here.
I remember.
I am sorry I gave it to you.
I am sorry I spent the long time with her.
I will use them to make sure their merits and our safety are equally determined.
I will help you out.
I do, I swear.
I suffer love, because I love you against my will.
I suspect I have done some offense that is slanderous in the city’s eyes, and that you are trying to correct my ignorance.
I am wrong, and I will fight you.
I think there is a danger in death, which is due to the fact that she dies so lovingly.
I wander more quickly than the moon.
I do, this is a good thing for me.
I do, and it is certainly a sleepy language, and you speak out of your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I swear to you that you are honest.
I do.
I do.
I doubt it is anything but the main reason: his father’s death and our obnoxious marriage.
I am sure you will be lying.
I am sure his friends will come to us.
I do not doubt his temper.
I do not doubt your wisdom.
I have no doubt that, since we are well-respected, we do not have a heart with us, and we do not leave any.
I doubt some danger is approaching you.
I doubt some foul play.
Tonight I dreamed of a dream.
Last night I dreamed of the three weird sisters. They have shown some truth to you.
I dreamed of an emperor named Antony.
I dreamed that I feasted with Caesar tonight, and things unlucky are causing my fantasy.
I used my sword to break them.
I drink to you.
I am drunk.
I would have denied that before you were so ill-tempered.
I do not want to.
I would like to bet that she is honest, and put my soul on the stake.
I eat the air, I am promised.
I am sure I will embrace it.
I am afraid it is choleric.
I am afraid he will cry when he is old, despite his unwitting sadness in his youth.
I am afraid he will.
I am afraid I wrong the honorable men who have stabbed Caesar.
I am afraid it is too choleric.
I am afraid, I promise you.
I am afraid you both are false.
I am afraid you will not be in until then.
I am afraid my mother’s promise is forgotten.
I do not fear that uncles are killed.
I do not fear you.
I am afraid you will come back again for ransom.
I am afraid you have sold your own land to see other men’s.
I am afraid you are going to do that.
I feared he had just scolded you and wanted to wreck you.
I feel this pinprick.
I am fighting against you.
I find that Don Pedro has given a young Florentine named Claudio much honor.
I find it still, when I am awake.
I am not sleepy.
I find you very gentle.
I am flying, Biondello.
I follow him to serve my turn on him.
I forget, but these sweet thoughts refresh my mind.
I will be forgiven for the praise.
I found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress.
I found him here in a secluded lodge, a warren.
I found him under a tree, like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my bedroom, and he confessed that he dropped it there for a special purpose that he wanted.
I found it in my closet.
I did not see Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
I found you in a cold trench on Dead Caesar’s side.
I frown all the time, and I will watch or play with my rich jewel.
I frown on him, but he still loves me.
I did not give him any order.
I gave him the stuff.
I gave my love a ring and made him swear to never wear it.
I gave you mine before you asked for it, and yet I wish I could give it back.
I gave you everything, and you gave it right away.
I give myself away for you and I am a bit dreadful on the exchange.
I curse him, but he gives me love.
I give it to you.
I give them this ring, which when you break from, lose, or give away, will be a sign of your love.
I will stand to see him pass on to the Capitol.
I am going, I am going.
I am going, my lord.
I am going, my lord.
I am going, sir, but you would not think that my desire for a place is the sin of covet.
I will go, and at three or four oclock look for the Guildhall news.
I am going.
I am going.
I am going.
I am going.
I give him blood, adversity, false, deceitful, and every sin that has a name.
I am sure I am a woman, but I am a woman Lord Brutus took to marry my wife.
I am sure I am a woman, but I am a woman well-known, Cato’s daughter.
I am sure it has not been seen, and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment.
I swear, friends, if you scare the ladies out of their wits, they would have no choice but to hang us.
I will grant you that.
I will greet you with my thanks, and I will give you the opportunity to do it.
I guess I am wrong.
I had a pass with him, and he gives me the slapstick with such a mortal motion that it is inevitable.
I had a Richard too, and you killed him.
I had a son, now outlawed.
I had a wound here that looked like a “T” but now it has become a “H.” They are retiring.
I would be as a king as a politician.
I had to be wooed by a snail.
I would never have a reed that would not work for me like a partisan I couldn’t heave.
I had a lot of money as a mistress.
I had as much pain breaking his neck as his finger.
I wish the general camp had tasted her sweet body, and I did not know anything about it.
I had been as full as the marble, founded as the rock, as broad and general as the air.
I had forgotten the reward.
I had forgotten for three months.
I got it from him.
I had it from Leah when I was a bachelor.
I had the most need for blessing, and “Amen” sucked in my throat.
I had my father’s signet in my purse, which was the same seal from the Danish seal.
I had my brother’s purpose in this article and have sworn in to keep him from it by hand.
I would rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his name.
I would rather be a country servant-maid than a great queen.
I would rather be a dog and a moon than a Roman.
I would rather be a peddler.
I would rather be a toad and live in a dungeon than to be a tainted thing that I love more than to be a tainted one.
I would rather be anything than a fool.
I would rather be married to a head with a bone in its mouth than to either of these men.
I would rather break my own rules.
I would rather have a fool to make me sad than experience to make me sad.
I would prefer to have a handful or two of dried peas.
I would rather have my horse than a mistress.
I would rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than give off Michael Cassio.
I would rather hear my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me.
I would rather be forty pounds at home.
I would rather adopt a child than get it.
I thought it was poor, but since my lord is again Antony, I will be Cleopatra again.
I hate a drunken slander.
I hate ingratitude more than I hate lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, or any other taint of evil whose corruption
I hate it as much as I hate a void.
I hate the Moor, and there is a lot of thought that he has done my job abroad.
I hate the word “horse” as I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I have it in my nose.
I have.
I have a beard coming.
I have a daughter who has given me this letter, while she is mine.
I have a daughter named Katherina.
I have a daughter.
I have a way to do everything.
I have a lot of gentry in my possession.
I am very happy, uncle.
I have a head that will find logs, and I will never bother Peter for the matter.
I have a health for you.
I will have a long journey to go, sir.
I have written down a letter that is neutral and not opposed to the other.
I will hit you when you speak.
I have a problem.
I have a good ear for music.
I have a rheum that is so bad that it is not good for me.
I have a ship full of gold.
I have a soul of lead that cannot move.
I will give you a request.
I have something for you.
I have a fairy who will hunt for the squirrel’s hoard and bring you new nuts.
I have an aunt who is a widow, a king of great income, and she does not have any children.
I have a wife I am angry I love.
I have almost forgotten the taste of fear.
I have almost missed the hour.
I have already.
I have come to sleep now.
I have the ability to knock you indifferently.
I am interested in your actions.
I have as much of my father in me as you, though I admit you are closer to him.
I have as much of this in my art as you do, but I cannot bear it.
I have been with him for a while now, lad, about two thousand strong.
I have been talking to a suitor here, someone who is angry at you.
I have been looking for you.
I have heard so many of these things.
I have been awake all night for a while.
I have been with your father and told him that the Duke of Cornwall and his wife Regan will be here tonight.
I have been worth the whistle.
I have been your tenant and your father’s tenant for four years.
I have broken up with her father and obtained his goodwill.
I have brought him a present.
I have brought you back from Venice.
I have only seen the articles with a cursory eye.
I told you not to go to my doors.
I have fooled you a little.
I have done a bad thing, and I am so angry that I will not rejoice anymore.
I have done my duty.
I have done my work poorly, my friends.
I have not done anything wrong.
I have done nothing more to Caesar than you will do to Brutus.
I have done the deed.
I have done it.
I have done it.
I have only drunk one cup tonight, and that was a good one.
I have drunk poison while he said it.
I have always been able to keep my mind on your good intentions.
I have a good meaning, sir.
I have instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders.
I have forgotten why I called you back.
I have forgotten your name, but I know that part was well fitted and well performed.
I have sworn he is sleeping and sleeping.
I have a reason to cry, but my heart will break into a hundred thousand pieces, or if I cry, I will go crazy.
I am very happy with this man.
I have had four fights, and I would have fought one.
I have heard her swear.
I have heard him speak against it, and I thank God I am not a woman, to be as guilty as he was as a child.
I have heard it over and over again, and it is not the best thing in the world.
I have heard it said so.
I have heard more since.
I have heard my father name him.
I have heard of some kind of men who have fought to make others think they were brave.
I have heard of your paintings, too.
I have heard that Julius Caesar ate there fat.
I have heard too much, and your words and performances are not as good as each other.
I have heard where many of the best people in Rome have been treated except for Caesar, who spoke of Brutus and groaning under this age’s yoke.
I have heard that you have made great efforts to qualify for his excellent course.
I have immortal longings in me.
I have it about me here.
I have no idea what I am doing.
I have it ready for you.
I have it, and it is sound.
I have it, Tranio!
I have known him before, and now he will spend ten nights awake awake in a new doublet.
I know he played no music except the drum and the fife, and now he prefers to hear the pipe and the tabor.
I have put those sheets you swore on the bed.
I have often led you, now I am with you, my friends, and I thank you all for all of you.
I have slapped her, but I am thankful that she is doing it.
I have lived long enough.
I have locked it up in my closet.
I have been here for four times seven years, and since I could distinguish between a benefit and a injury, I have never found a man who knew how to love himself.
I made it for you.
I have not made any mistake.
I have made a strong proof of my perseverance by giving myself a voluntary wound in the thigh.
I have many enemies in Orsino’s court, and I will be there soon.
I have seen a thousand blushing apparitions in her face, a thousand innocent shames in angel whiteness beat away those blushes.
I am more concerned about staying than I am going.
I have more reason to do that.
I have to do everything I can to make it look like poor Barbary.
I have decided on a plan that does not require you.
I have neither the scholar’s melancholy, which is emulation, nor the musician’s, which is fantastical, nor the courtier’s, which is proud, nor the soldier’s, which is
I do not want to see a better man.
I do not have any excellent reason for it, but I have a good reason.
I do not have food for you.
I do not have a great devotion to the deed, but he has given me good reasons to do that.
I do not think he is ruined.
I have no money to eat.
I have no more royal sons for you to slaughter.
I have no power over you.
I do not have any way to go, so I do not want to see.
I do not want to go out of the door, but something leads me out.
I do not have any words.
I do not have any.
I have never drowned in the water, so I am not afraid to be afeaded of your four legs.
I have no idea what I am doing, but I love you best, and I do not.
I have not breathed since I saw it.
I haven’t had dinner today.
I have not heard the clock.
I haven’t seen him for two days.
I have not seen such a man.
I have read it well.
I have nothing to do with you.
I have no idea what you are talking about.
I have oershot myself to tell you about it.
I have offended my reputation, a very unnoble swerving.
I have seen a faint neglect of my life recently, which I would rather blame for being jealous than for being very foolish and unkind.
I have done your good work and my promise.
I have given you what I wanted, and I have sworn to have the due and forfeit my contract by the Holy Sabbath.
I have told you to be my friend, and I admit I am a man of a sane heart.
I have promised to make everything right.
I have received a hurt.
I have said what I have said.
I have said what I have said.
I have said what I have said.
I have seen her die twenty times before in a far worse moment.
I have not seen anything.
I have seen you fight when I envy you for your actions.
I have seen you both.
I have seen you gleeking at this gentleman twice or twice.
I have sent him back.
I have sent for these strawberries.
I sent to ask Cassio to come speak with you.
I have sent twenty people out to search for you.
I have already slept, my lord.
I have been so often embarrassed to acknowledge him that I am excited about it now.
I have some business to do.
I have said so much to mitigate your plea, which, if you follow it, this strict court of Venice will sentence the merchant there.
God knows, I have been waiting for you since the time of agony.
I have them ready.
I received a letter from my sister telling me about them this evening, and I am sure they will stay at my house if they come.
I told him that Lepidus was too cruel to me, that he abused his authority and did deserve his change.
I have told you so often, and I will tell you again and again that I hate the Moor.
I have too much heart to take off.
I have been watching you for two nights now, but you are not telling me anything.
I have wiped out three tailors.
I have used it, uncle, since you made your daughters your mothers.
I have used you as you are, and I have kept you in my house until you have tried to honor my child.
I have very poor and unlucky brains for drinking.
I have been watching a lot all night for a lesser reason, and I have never been sick.
I have a good opinion, sir.
I have a thousand tricks to use.
I have forty-eight years on my back.
I have room for six more scotches.
I have, my lord.
I have been talking to a magician since I was three years old, who is very powerful in his art, but is not damnable.
I have, when you heard what I can say.
I have.
I hear a knocking at the south entrance.
I hear a louder voice than the music, cry “Caesar!” Speak.
I hear him mock Caesar’s luck, which the gods give to men to excuse their wrath.
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I hear it by the way, but I will send it.
I hear it above me.
I hear my father coming.
I do not hear anything, madam.
I hear some noise inside.
I hear some noise.
I hear the minstrels play.
I hear the news, my lord.
Where should this music be?
I hear their drums.
I hear that you must marry on Thursday, and that nothing can ruin it.
I heard him say that Brutus and Cassius are battling disease through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear he is.
I did not hear it.
I heard myself proclaim that I was going to hunt by digging a hollow tree.
I did not hear anything.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
I heard you say you did not like Cassio’s wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
I give you that, which, but you have already, I will keep with all my heart from you.
I swear to this honorable assembly that she kicked the poor king her father.
I hid under the mooncalf’s sand, hiding myself in fear of the storm.
I am not a brother, but a subject of this war.
I am a big fan of your dainties, sir, and you are dear to me.
I hope it is better.
I hope he is in love.
I hope he has grown a lot since I last saw him.
I hope he is, but mothers should be afraid.
I hope my noble lord is treating me like a man who is honest.
I hope you are not drowned.
I hope she is short.
I hope so, Lepidus.
I hope so.
I hope the king made peace with us all.
I hope they will not come to us now.
I hope my passion for humor will change.
I hope this is the reason I am excused.
I hope you are not insane.
I hope we have corrected that indifferently.
I hope you do not want to cheat me like this.
I hope you will consider what I have said about my love.
I hope your Majesty will bring me testimony and testimony, and I will tell you this glove is Alençon’s glove.
I hope that for my brother’s reason he wrote this as a taste of my virtue.
I hope you cannot find him anywhere as unsanctified as you can find him.
I hoped he did not have any trouble with such things yet.
I am learning how to obey an hourly and would like to see him face-to-face.
Please, go ahead and discuss the state affairs.
I beg you to forgive me for loving you too much.
I am humbly leaving.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and I love the lovely boy.
I knew a woman who married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
I knew it would be your answer.
I knew what you wanted.
I knew you were moving the first time.
I knew your father.
I know it, my sister.
I know a lady in Venice would walk barefoot to see Palestine for a little bit of her hair.
I know a very good woman, pretty and witty, and yet, too gentle.
I know there is some good news.
I know he loves me well.
I know he would not be a wolf, but I see that the Romans are sheep.
I know her answer.
I know her by her gait.
I know her father, though I do not know her, and he knew my father.
I do not know him.
I know him as brave.
I know him well.
I know him, he has a lock.
I know his eyes are homages elsewhere, or what does it mean he would be here?
I know his story, it is him. You die.
I know his heart.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I know his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I cannot please you.
I know what she is going to do, and it is not possible for me to see her tomorrow, as human as she is, without any danger.
I know how pale and deadly they look.
I know it is the moon.
I know that the sun is shining so bright.
I know it does not please any of us.
I know it well, sir.
I know my hour is here.
I know my lady will hit him.
I know my physic will work with him.
I know my remedy.
I do not know what to say.
I do not know anything, my lord.
I do not know anything about it, my lord.
I do not know how to make it into love, but I tell you directly, “I love you.” If you
I do not know who was arrested, but he is in a suit of sanity that reprimanded him.
I do not know what power I have been given, and how it may affect my mood in such a place as this.
I do not know how to pray for your patience, but I have to speak.
I do not know if it is true, but I will do as if I am a fool.
I do not know that, even if he knows what I know.
I do not know what was just distraction.
I do not know what to say.
I do not know what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell down.
I do not know where he is staying, and if I said he is staying here or there, I would lie in my own throat.
I do not know which one is.
I do not know why he is coming.
I do not know what you want, gentlemen, who else you want to kill, and who else you want to kill?
I do not know, lady.
I do not know, madam.
I do not know how minor enmities can be compared to greater.
I do not know, sir.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I know the country well.
I know she is a scold.
I know that you deserve that honor, Brutus, as well as I know you are inward.
I know that.
I know that we will have him to be a friend.
I know that, but I want you to go back and forth.
I know the boy will give a gentlewoman the power, voice, and action.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the king and queen sent for you.
I know the handwriting.
I know him.
I do not know you.
I know you.
I know you are a sane villain, as if you were a villain, as if you were a villain, as if you were a villain.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you, Roderigo.
I know they are in Rome looking for Antony.
I know that this is a joyful thing to do for you, but it does not make you angry.
I know this, and I am challenging it.
I know you cannot choose.
I know you will say “Yes,” and I will take your word.
I know your constellation is right for this.
I know your words.
I know the reason I think so.
I know when one is dead and when one is alive.
I know where I will wear this dagger.
I know you are my oldest brother, and you would be able to see me in a gentle manner.
I know you are not a fool.
I know you are not ignorant. I wish you did, sir.
I know you are a king.
I know you by the way your head wiggles.
I know you couldn’t be so confident about this, I am sure, that I couldn’t be your cause partner in the war that fronted me.
I do not know you.
I know you are old.
I know who you are, and as a sister I am afraid to call your faults.
I know you.
I know that young men are looking for a time to rest.
I know your favor well, even if you have no seacap on your head. Take him away.
I know, sir, I am not flattering.
I know,” he said, “no house, no wife, no mistress.
I have been sleeping with Cassio lately, and I couldn’t sleep because of a raging toothache.
I learned it in England, where they are very capable of potting.
I leave an arrant sneering with you, your Worship, for you to ask your Worship to correct yourself, for example.
I will give him your acceptance, whose trial will better publish his praise.
I am not thinking about my duties, but about my injuries.
I led them on in this distracted and distracted mood.
I did not give her any ring.
I do not like him, and I am not safe with him to let his madness go.
I like him very much.
I do not like it.
I do not like that.
I like the new tire inside, if the hair were a little browner, and your gown is a rare fashion.
I like the work.
I like you guys.
I did not think you would follow me.
I have been waiting for you to be safe and sound on board.
I am waiting to hear him call the drunkard “husband” and explain how my men will keep themselves from laughing when they honor this simple peasant.
I am waiting to hear your life story, which must be a strange story.
I am eager to hear the truth about this.
I have been waiting for the prince to see him.
I look down towards his feet, but that is a fable.
I saw her face and lead her by her brother and Mark Antony.
I have not seen you yet, and I am not sure you are welcome.
I love her ten times more than I did before.
I do not love you, so do not pursue me.
I do not love you.
I love you so much that you do not like it.
I love to help him with these sane fits, because then he is full of matter.
I love you the better.
I love you so much that none of you has left to protest.
I love you according to my contract, neither more nor less.
I loved him, friend. No father his son is much more important to me than his father.
I loved Ophelia.
I always loved you.
I did not love you.
I did not report that.
I am all about to use it, because I only use it.
I do not make it, but I will be able to see it.
I am marrying her.
I am amazed that Cambio has not come all this time.
I am amazed our mild husband did not meet us on the way.
I am amazed how close you and your daughters are.
I am amazed why I did not answer again.
I am amazed you enjoy this beautiful woman.
I can command wherever I love, but silence, like a knife, is going to gore my bloodless heart.
I can command wherever I love. Why, she can command me.
I may do something I will be sorry for.
I cannot say what he is.
I cannot leave it.
I cannot, madam.
I can say “thrusting” it, because Brutus will be as welcome to the ears as the sightings of steel and shins.
I can sit in a corner and say, “Heigh-ho for a husband!” Lady Beatrice, I will get you one.
I mean singing.
I do not mean he is calm, but I do not mean he is calm.
I mean that my heart is knit so that we can only make one heart from it.
If we are in a ruthless mood, we will be tempted to draw.
I mean in a way.
I mean, my head is on your lap?
She is the reason I am going.
I mean, sir, for his weapon.
I mean the Lord Protector.
I mean what you read, my lord.
I will go, sir, to enter.
I meant a holy thistle.
I am not a tradesman or a woman, but a surgeon to old shoes.
I met her, cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her.
I met the duke yesterday and had a lot of questions with him.
I met the young lord at Lawrence’s cell and gave him what I could be like.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
I might ask you for your commission, but I take you, Orlando, for my husband.
I could call him a divine man, because I have never seen anything so noble before.
I could do it in the dark.
I could have saved her.
I do not know why she is in liberty.
I must and will have Katherine to marry my wife.
I have to find a new way to climb a ladder, by which your love must climb a bird’s nest soon when it is dark.
I would have done it myself, but I must attend my office.
I will be there on Caesar.
I have to attend the duke at dinner.
Tonight I will go to Padua and meet it.
I have to be surrounded by circumstances.
I must be cruel, only to be kind.
I have to go.
I have to go.
I must be idle.
I would rather be laughed at if I were offended or for nothing or a little bit, and I would rather be laughed at more than that.
I must be one of these dumb wise men, because Gratiano never lets me speak.
I must believe my master, but I promise you, I will argue on that.
I must be catechise for it, madam.
I must admit your offer is the best, and let her be sure that she is your own father.
I have to stop your company.
I have to eat my dinner.
I must embrace you.
I have to work with you in a way that will fight our marriage and talk about something that will be of interest to you.
I have to get him out of here.
I have to go in.
I have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl on every cowslip ear.
I have to go with you to Belmont.
I have the freedom to blow on anyone I want, as fools have.
I have to go.
I have to leave them and seek better service.
I have to leave you.
I must love you and sue you to know you better.
I have to follow him with my letter.
I have to tell you the truth.
I have to tell you everything.
I cannot say no.
I have to obey.
Once in a month I have to tell you what you have been, which you forget.
I must have seen you as a declining person or look at you.
I have to be adamant.
I have to remove some thousand of these logs and pile them if I have a sore injunction.
I have to stay with the kings and carry the luggage of our camp.
I have to take out the work.
I have to say something.
I will tell you that.
I will go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I am beautiful about the face.
I have to hurry up.
I must, she will walk in the street and get out of here.
I could make a mistake by talking deep.
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed.
I am myself.
I had never seen this before.
I will not be ashamed of your Majesty, because I am praised as God, as long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I do not know, and I cannot learn about him.
I cant see him until I am heartburned an hour later.
I never denied it.
I never did anything to her, I know.
I have never seen the flood as a source of destruction.
I never felt it until now. Two thousand diamonds in that jewel, and other precious, precious jewels.
I never gave him any money.
I never gave him reason to do that.
I never gave him any token.
I never got him. Speak, the duke’s trumpets.
I never hated you.
I have never heard a passion as confused, so strange, outrageous, and variable as the Jew screamed in the streets.
I have never heard such a musical discord, such sweet thunder.
I have never hurt you.
I never knew that woman love man so much.
I never saw him better after he fell in love with Mistress Shore.
I cannot believe any of these antique fables or fairy tales.
I have never seen a better-designed gown, more beautiful and well-designed.
I never saw a woman, but I only saw Sycorax my dam and she.
I have never seen such a shameful act.
I never saw her until this time.
I have never seen my father in my life.
I never saw the necklace, so help me, and this is a false story you are putting on me.
I have never seen you before in my life.
I will not stand for her.
I have never spoken with her in my life.
I never sued a friend or an enemy, but I could never learn a sweet, sweet word.
I never thought he was worse.
I never was, and I will not be honest.
I am sure he was alive to land.
I did not notice her, but I looked at her.
I now believe your brother’s bad behavior made him seek his death, but that your brother had a merit that was based on his reproachable bad behavior.
I am sorry I told the king, as if I were too triumphant, how my enemies were killed today in Pomfret, and how I myself was
I nursed her daughter, whom you talked to.
I have often given him the money he has lost for many of them.
I walked to the place I heard about her, but I couldnt find her.
I gave my body once to make him rich, which was a mistrust for him who had your husband’s ring.
I will leave again.
I once wrote a sonnet to praise nature and began like this: “Wonder of nature.” I have heard a sonnet to his mistress.
I am one, my lord.
I am talking right on.
I have heard him speak loudly, and I have heard him speak loudly.
I owe you very much, and, like a willful young man, I lose everything I owe.
I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace.
I am waiting for life.
I forgive that man.
I feel a little more like you.
I guess I have loved it now.
I know him a bit.
I passed the storm, with the sour ferryman, poets write about, to the king’s kingdom of perpetual night.
I will give you a reply.
I see these lords at this meeting so often that they sneeze at their reason and think their eyes are a source of truth.
I ask you to eat, look, this leek.
I pitied you, made it hard to teach you to speak, and taught you one thing or two at a time.
I am sorry you are complaining.
I am sorry you were.
I beg God he is not, I say.
Please, keep below the threshold.
I hope with all my heart she will.
Please tell me how you love her.
Please, bring back my previous answer.
Please stop your advice, which is a good thing for me to do.
Please do not scold me.
Please do not mock me, fellow student.
Please, get some excellent music, because tomorrow we will have it at Lady Hero’s bedroom window.
Please, give it to me.
Please, Horatio, wait on him.
Please, Mercutio, let’s go.
Please listen to me.
Please, keep your peace.
If it is true, you will have to buy the cottage, pasture, and flock, and we will pay you back.
Please, let’s go find him and slow his heaviness with some or all of his delight.
Please, mark me.
Please, moralize them.
Please, name them.
Please, calm down.
Please, Rosalind, my sweet cousin, be a good man.
Please sing, and let me woo no more.
Please tell me he is well.
If you have never seen this, please do not let it be hidden.
Please, all of you stand up.
I beg you, and I beg you, that you will.
Please bring me on the way a little and tell me if I will see you at night.
Please call them in.
Please do.
Please leave me alone.
Please do not forget to read my verses that are too bad.
Please do not fall in any trees with the slut of love.
Please, get them right away.
Please go out and tell us who is coming.
Please, be a good father to me now.
Please tell Benedick about it and hear what he says.
Please tell me your remedy.
Please tell me.
Please tell your brother how well I have done.
Please watch Signior Leonato’s wedding ceremony.
Please choose another subject.
Please, give my regards to your mother, and to Master Peascod, your father.
Please, disgrace him.
Please, do not fail me.
Please, father, because you are weak, you seem to be so.
Please, let me go.
Please, give me permission.
Please, go with me.
Please let me know, Bassanio.
Please, have a continent forbearance until his rage is a little slower.
Please listen to her.
Please, husband, do not be so upset.
Is my master returning?
Please, sir, as you sit at dinner.
Please, keep it in.
Please, know me when we meet again.
Please leave me alone.
Please, let it stand.
Please let me look at the contract.
Please let me see it.
Please, do not let my jealousy be yoursty, but my own safety.
Please, look at her.
Please tell me, master?
Please, one of you asks for food from him.
Please forgive me.
Please, do not let the violence go away.
Please, remember the porter.
Please, come on.
Please, see him discharged now, because he is bound to the sea and only for it.
Please, sir, get out of here.
Please, sir, keep your hand.
Please, sir, my ring or the other one.
Please, sir, be patient.
What is he?
Please lie in my tent and sleep.
Please do not speak to me.
Please tell me.
Please tell my father, madam, I will not marry yet.
In that case, I ask you, in love and friendship, let that one article rank with the rest, and then give me your daughter.
Please turn the key and keep our counsel.
Uncle, please give me this dagger.
Please, what is he?
Please tell me what he thinks of our estate?
Please, will you take him by the arm?
Please.
Please, sir, can you read?
Is it possible that love suddenly lands in such a place?
Please do not cry.
Please let me have it.
Please let me hear it.
Please tell me the time, but do not let it take three days.
I urge you to lead the way without further talking.
Now, please, disgrace your strangeness and tell me what I will send to my lady.
Please tell me what you think, as you ruminate, and tell me what you think, and give me the worst of your thoughts.
I would rather take the cork out of your mouth so I could drink the tide.
I will pay you for it, and I will help you disguise myself as a disguise.
Please, go away.
Boy, please run to the senate house.
Please, call him back.
Please do so.
Please, foolish Greek, come out of me.
Please tell me, Grumio, how is the world going?
Please listen to me.
Please, let your wife take her to her, and bring them to her.
Please, calm down.
Pretty York, who told you this?
Please, young man, let me know more about you.
Please, put them off.
Please, tell me some of them.
Please, remember I have done you good service, didn’t tell you anything, didn’t make you mistakes, served without, and neither
Please, shepherd, if love or money can buy us entertainment in this desert place, bring us where we can rest and feed ourselves.
Please, Strato, let’s stay by our lord.
Please tell me who it is, and speak quickly.
Please, cry for her.
Please, go somewhere else to avoid your slander.
Please, who is he trotting with?
Please, who?
I promise to tell you I do not know myself.
I swear to you that you have watered my eyes.
I promise you, my soul is sluggish in the memory of such a beautiful dream.
I swear I love you.
I am angry that wise men who crow at these kind of fools are no better than the fools’ zanies.
I am telling her that I am good, and I am sure she will tell her.
I am expressing my sincerity and my honest kindness.
I put it in my pocket.
I would rather mistake the dead, and you than the other honorable men.
I would rather be subjected to the slut of a bloody brother and a bloody brother.
I told a Frenchman yesterday that a French ship carrying a rich man was sailing between the French and English.
I remember a lot of things, but nothing distinct.
I remember him well, and I remember him as worthy of your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar put it on.
I remember the story.
I remember your eyes well.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword on a stone and told him to take that for coming to Jane Smile night.
I remember you replaced your brother Prospero.
I remember.
I remember.
I am sorry I harried him so much.
I am very close to you.
I have reborn Richard’s body, and on it has shed more tears than it has shed more blood.
I robbed his wound.
I said that, dear Katherine, and I cannot blush to say that.
I said you had a good wit.
I saw it in the orchard.
I did not see it, I did not think it was, it did not hurt me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio parting.
I saw her lay in her kindred’s vault and took the post to tell you.
I did not see him.
I saw him once.
The other day I saw him put down with a fool.
I saw him yesterday, or “the other day,” or then, or with such or such.
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown, but it wasn’t a crown, it wasn’t one of these coronets.
I did not see anyone use you to do his job.
I saw Othello’s face in his mind, and I swore my soul and my fortune to his honors and his bravery.
I saw the Duchess of Milans gown that they praise so much.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you at Count Orsino’s.
I did not see them.
I say “amen.”
I say “your husband.” Can you understand the word?
I am a devil.
I say a husband.
Again, I say, tell me that Anne, my wife, is sick and wants to die.
I say amen to her.
Amen to that.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.
I say he will go to prison.
I say I love you more than he does.
I say I will either make him eat some part of my leek or I will eat it for four days.
I say the moon is shining so bright.
I say it is the moon.
I say my daughter is my flesh and blood.
I am praying for you.
I say she never wrote this letter.
I say she will.
I say you have been lied to my innocent child.
I say your husband.
I say this house is dark.
I say to you, I asked your master to cut out the gown, but I did not ask him to cut it to pieces.
I say you are not.
I say, but remember his gesture.
I say he got this island by sneering.
I say, it is not lost.
Caesar, Antony is dead.
I say, remember.
I say, there is nothing but ignorance, in which you are more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog.
I say this house is as dark as ignorance, even though ignorance was as dark as ignorance.
I am telling you, we will not have any more marriage.
I do not hate you.
I see a voice.
I see a woman can be made a fool if she does not have a spirit to resist.
I see him rouse himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you are poor.
I see the business.
I see that the best jewel I have ever etched will lose its beauty.
I see the ruin of my house.
I see these witches are afraid of swords.
I see this has slurped your spirits.
I see you do not know me.
I see you are old and your dangers make you dot.
I see two husbands, or my eyes are going to fool me.
I see you are all willing to fight against me for your sex.
I see you do not want to join her, or else you do not like my company.
I see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books.
I see you are eaten up with passion.
I see you are a liberal offering.
I see you have found the jewel.
I sent for you a sad message.
I sent Dromio to you as your bailiff, but I do not believe he brought it.
I am as good a man as you are.
I am the king, whose job I was sent to you.
I will do what I want for you, madam.
I set him there, sir, but his troubles were a little less advanced.
I shaked you and cried, sir.
I will answer for her.
I will answer that question to the commonwealth better than you can get up the Negro belly.
I will be at your tent.
I will have to call you a king, knight.
I will be a big fan of you.
I will be pinched to death.
I will be back with him.
My husband will save me.
I will be there before you.
I will give the Queen permission to join her.
I will deliver it.
I want you to be more familiar with me, Master Cobweb.
I will do something.
I will do it.
I will not do any wrong with my friends, because I have no choice but to lament myself.
I will do well.
I will do it, my lord.
I will ask him to answer as he himself.
I will fall.
I will find the time, Cassius. I will find the time.
I will get jealous of you soon, Launcelot, if you get my wife into the corners.
I will have glory by this loss day more than Octavius and Mark Antony will achieve by this vile conquest.
I will laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.
I will miss you, but you will be free.
I will never see my gold again.
I will not look at his likeness again.
I will not sleep at the Tower.
I will obey you in all fair ways.
I will obey you.
I will obey, my lord.
I will offend you either to detention or give it to you.
I will remember.
I will go back to your Lordship.
If I die, I will see that you are pale in love.
I will be there if you want.
I will take it, sir.
I will keep this lesson as a watchman to my heart.
I will win.
I will, King Harry.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will.
I shifted him away and put good things on your ecstasy.
I would be angry with you if it were time.
I should be wise, because honesty is a fool and a lost one.
I would rather see another like that.
I should first explain how my master Don John saw this friendly encounter with the Prince, Claudio, and my master.
I would have been a sore man then.
I would have scolded you for not bringing it, but you started fighting first, like a shrew.
I would have given you the morning, but a madman’s letters are not gospel, so it does not matter when it is delivered.
I would have known it.
I would like to hear that voice.
I would not ask Casca what happened.
I would not beg you to do anything beyond your control.
I would be foolish if I thought about my grandmother.
I would rather go out of favor for it.
The next night I slept well, ate well, and was happy.
I am just speaking as I find out.
I am talking about him only brotherly, but if I give him the same name to you, I will blush and weep, and you will look pale and wonder
I am talking about the figures and the comparisons.
I am talking about it.
I am not wrong.
I am not afraid of you.
I am not talking like a dotard or a fool, as young as I am to brag about what I have done when I am young, or what I would do if I weren’t old
I do not say that you should know what you are, as long as I know I know you are.
I do not say anything to disprove what Brutus has said, but to say what I know.
I am not talking about proof yet.
I speak to you as a plain soldier.
Where is Malvolio?
I spoke to his servant.
I spoke to some of the sailors who survived the wreck.
I am dishonored by those who have tried to make me a close friend of mine.
I am standing for judgment.
I am standing for law.
I am ready to go.
I am staying here for a while.
I have been away from her for too long.
I am staying too long.
I will use that word “broad,” which, added to the word “gay,” proves you are a large goose.
I am angry, angry.
I stumbled when I saw it.
It is better to be tricked out than to just know a little.
I will lose your money to prove him false, which says I do not love you.
I swear I will scold you if you strike again.
I swear to you, young man, that I am that unfortunate man.
I swear by nothing, because this is no oath.
I think it is later, sir.
I am not sure that you, Iago, who has had my money as if the strings were yours.
I think your own business demands you to leave, and you accept the opportunity to leave.
I will leave you immediately.
I will leave you alone.
I do not like the way an eunuch is.
I enjoy singing.
I am glad you are here, because I would like to talk about her.
I will give you this offer: pay the debt three times and let the Christian go.
I was not talking to any man at that time, my lord.
I do not punish you, you elements, with unkindness.
I tell him we will stay for at least a month and he asks that some time can prolong our stay.
I am telling you that.
I tell you, churlish priest, a ministering angel will my sister be when you are a howling.
I tell you, Constable, my mistress wears his own hair.
I tell you, I am as good in my mind as any man in Illyria.
I tell you, you have ruined her gown.
I tell you, Kate, it was burnt and dried away.
Litio, I tell you that this is wonderful!
I tell you, man, it is better for me than when you met me last time, where we are now.
I tell you, it is not very well.
I am telling you that.
I will tell you what to do.
I tell you, it is incredible how much she loves me.
I tell you, it will sound like it is in her ears.
I tell you, Captain, if you look at the maps of the Orld, you will find that Macedon and Monmouth have made a different situation.
I tell you, the man who holds her will have the chinks.
Thank God, thank God.
Thank his Grace.
I thank you, poor fool, it keeps on taking care of me.
Thank you.
Thank you, my noble lord.
I thank my stars and I am happy.
Thank you for that gird.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for your patience and your patience.
Thank you, Ariel.
Thank you, Sir John, with all my heart.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your service, but I would have been happy.
Thank you for your patience and courtesy.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you very much for him.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you, uncle.
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, valiant Cassio.
Thank you and be blessed for your comfort.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Honor.
Thank you, you have got me one.
Thank you, sir.
I will say again that he poured some powerful mixtures on her with this powerful mixture of blood and dram.
I think your Honor is talking about it.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he is angry.
I think he has turned into a beast, because I cannot find him anywhere like a man.
I think he bought his jacket in Italy, his hat in France, his bonnet in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he is getting the money.
I think he loves the world only for him.
I think he is thinking of the savage bull.
I think he told me Paris would have married Juliet.
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son for an apple.
I think he will stand strong with us.
I think he would not wish to live anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, madam.
I think I can find him, if you want to be a good guard and go with me.
I think I did.
I think I had.
I think I hear them.
I think I told you a year ago how much I am in favor of Margaret, the waitress of Hero.
I think so, sir.
I think so.
I think that is true.
I think it is free, and I will beg Desdemona to do it for me.
I think it is in Macedon where Alexander is porno.
I think Mark Antony, so beloved by Caesar, shouldnt survive Caesar.
I think it is my eyesight that makes me feel this terrible apparition.
I think so.
I think it is not twelve.
I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.
I think it is good, my lord.
I think he is not a good soul, and I do not approve of his opinion.
I do not think about them.
I do not think so, my lord.
I think of as many things as he does, but I thank heaven and do not boast about them.
I think our country is sinking under the yoke.
I think our father will leave tonight.
I do not think a pair of oxen and wainropes can be haled together.
I think she will be a better soldier.
I think so.
I think so, Charmian.
I think one of them is here, and I cannot get it away.
I think you are just and do not think you are right.
I think the best wit will soon be silence, and only parrots will be commended for letting talk go.
I do not think he will be spoken with.
I think that marriage is more important than marriage itself.
I think the sun in which he was born is all about humor.
I think the world is asleep.
I think they are being punished by the late innovation.
I think there is never a man in Christendom who can hide his love or hate more than he can hide his face.
I think this story would win my daughter too.
I think you are an ass.
I think you are thinking, and so am I.
I think you are.
I think we are too bold to rest.
I think we know the sweet Roman hand.
I think I would be uplifted to my right, and I would offer thousands of pounds to England.
I think you are all mated or insane.
I think you are not a bloody savage.
I tell you, many things can work against each other if you have full consent, as many arrows have been loosed to one point, as many new ways have been
I thought everything was the best.
I thought I would kill myself for my grief.
I thought everything was savage here, and so I put myself on the commandment of a stern order.
I thought the king had more impact on the Duke of Albany than on Cornwall.
I thought you were a man.
I thought your heart had been wounded by a lion’s claws.
I am like a drop of water that is looking for another drop in the ocean, and who falls there to find a fellow, unseeking,
I told him that your father was in Venice, and that you are looking for him in Padua today.
I told him what I thought, and I did not tell him anything more than what he found true.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were tired of drinking, so bravely they slowed down the air for breathing in their faces, and beat the ground for
I took him to sleep, that is, and I must see the woman who wakes him.
I did not take any more pains in expressing those thanks than you did in thanking me.
I did not take any more pain in expressing those thanks than you did in thanking me.
I am bothering you too much, but you are willing.
I understand your words are furious, but they are not the words.
I know, he is a third of the man in Mexico, a fourth for England, and other ventures he has squandered abroad.
I do not understand what you mean by this.
I do not understand, madam.
I do not understand you.
I urge this child to prove it is pure innocence.
I urged you to go further, but you scratched your head and stamped your foot too unpatiently.
I would like more uncles to welcome me.
She is a rag.
I am sure it is to knight you, Captain.
I am sure it will.
I will get something from Venice.
I am sure you are.
I assure you are a good fellow and do not care about anything.
I will tell you, madam.
I am sure you are, my lord.
I assure you, sir, that the cold virgin snow that has melted my heart is a slander on my liver.
I assure you, you will find that the ceremonies of war and the cares of it and the forms of it and the modesty of it are otherwise.
I am sure you are.
I am sure you are.
I was a fine fool to take it.
I was a gentleman, and then I told you that.
I was just protesting that I loved you.
I was adored once, too.
I was always in touch with you, and now I am talking about my anger.
I was born as free as Caesar.
I was born to speak a lot, no matter what I was talking about.
I was told by both of them.
I was forced to send it to him.
I was forbidden.
I was hurt under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until now.
I was not born to die on Brutus’s sword.
I was as small to his ends as the dew swam on the myrtle leaf to his grand sea.
She gave me guilt on my guiltless shoulders.
I was sure your lord did not give it to me.
I was the man in the moon when the time was right.
I was the more deceived.
I was talking to some Venetians on the shore, and when she comes out of the mud, she falls me like this around my neck, Crying “Oh Cassio!”
I was told that by someone who knows him better than you.
I was too young to value her, but now I know her.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, when they sat in a woody forest in Crete with Spartan hounds.
I was, but I find more pain in banishment than death can give here by my abode.
I wear it for a memorable occasion, because I am Welsh, you know, good countryman.
I would not mind it, if it were heavier.
I will acquit you.
I will answer you with a gait and a ring.
I will ask him for my place again, and he will tell me I am a drunk.
I will disguise your role and tell her that I am Claudio, and I will unclasp my heart and take her prisoner with the force of my amorous tale.
I will bandy you in a faction.
I will be angry.
I will be bitter with him and short.
I will be brief, because I am not longing for a long story.
I will be a correspondent and do my duties as a result of my own.
I will be deaf to pleading and excuses.
I will be faithful.
I will be flesh and blood, because there never was a philosopher who could endure the toothache patiently.
I will be free of you.
I will go, sir, and I will not bother you.
I will be hanged another time.
I will be hanged if some evil villain, some rogue, a cozening slave haven’t devised this slander.
I will be heard.
I will be back soon, even after I had a thought.
I will be gentle and mild.
I will be more jealous of you than a savage cock-pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than a parrot against rain, more newfangled than an ape
I will be near to your request and he will be between us.
I will be proud, I will read the laws of the country, I will insult Sir Toby, I will insult my groaning friends,
I will be satisfied.
I will be strange, stout, and stout in yellow stockings, and cross-gartered, even with the rapid putting on.
I will be treble-sinewed, hearted, breathed, and fought maliciously.
I will give you a breakfast to make you friends, and we will be all sent to France by the sworn brothers.
I will give you the time to speak freely.
I will bite my thumb at them, which is a shame for them, if they do not bear it.
I will bite you for that sneezing by the ear.
I will bring you there.
I will say a word in the house and then go with you.
I will not carry any crotches.
I will challenge him.
I will chop her into pieces.
I will come back.
I will fight this.
I will do some good.
I will admit it to all the lord.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will tell them when you come.
I will poison you either in a savage or in steel.
I will discuss this with you more at home and teach you to listen to me.
I will either deliver you or lie for you.
I will not deny you anything.
I will leave in the morning and be happy, even though I am in a good mood.
I will deserve your help.
I would like you to live in the meantime and eat your food.
I will die bravely, like a smug bridegroom.
I will die and leave him all.
I will leave it in either your straw-colored beard, your orange-tawny beard, or your French crown, your perfect yellow beard.
I will leave you before I leave you.
I will send it straight to you.
I will do it, my lord.
I will do it.
I will do any good to help my cousin get a good husband.
I will do anything, Nerissa, if I am married to a sponge.
I will do everything you want me to do.
I will do so.
I will do so.
I will do it if you can.
I will hire you back again, and I find you the best candidate for your business.
I will expect you.
I will fall at his feet and never rise until my tears and prayers have won him the chance to take my husband away from the Abbess.
I will get him.
I will get you goats, Audrey.
I will get you some light, paper, and ink.
I will follow you.
I will follow.
I will stop them from getting back on the ground and say you are not fit.
I will forget my nature.
I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they wish.
I will give him some relief if it is just for that.
I will write out a lot of beauty plans.
I will give you mine.
I will give him treason for his actions in plows, I promise you.
I will give you the minstrel.
I will go with you.
I will go ahead of you, sir.
I will go call the watch.
I will lose myself and wander up and down to see the city.
I will go to the Antipodes for the slightest errand you can imagine.
I will go find him. Cassio, walk hereabout.
I will go find the king.
I will go with you.
I will have it all.
I will get my bond.
I will get revenge if I leave his house.
I will not have any of them.
I will only have this.
I will revenge you both so that the whole world will. I will do such things. What they are still I do not know, but they will be the terrors of the earth.
I will hear Brutus speak.
I will listen to Cassius and compare their reasons.
I will talk more about this.
I will watch that play.
I will help you.
I will leave here tonight.
I will be here with you now, and if I bring you something to eat, I will give you permission to die.
I will stay here until the storm passes.
I will hide in the arbor.
I will be friends with you, lady.
I will drown myself in a hurry.
I will not be forced to endure it anymore, and I will not be forced to put up with what I have already suffered foolishly.
I will kill you a hundred and fifty times.
I will kiss your lips.
I will kiss your hand, and so I will leave you.
When you are awake, I will laugh like a hyena.
I will trust you, and you will find a better father in my love.
I will leave him.
I will leave you alone to talk about gossip.
I will live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes.
I will look into it more closely.
I will look at him and relieve him.
I will open the doors and gild myself with some more ducats, and I will be with you immediately.
I will tell Desdemona what I am doing.
I will make peace with him if I can.
I will meditate on some horrid message for a challenge.
I will not be faced or brave.
I will not give any of your money.
I will not.
I will not be long away from you.
I will swear to you that love can make me look like an oyster, but I will take my oath on it until I have made me look like an oyster
I will not budge for anyone’s sake, I swear.
I will not change my horse with any horse that treads only on four pasterns.
I will not choose what many men want, because I will not be able to jump with the common spirit and rank myself with the barbarous multitudes.
I will not come.
I will not want that.
I will not give them back.
I will not do you so wrong when I wake you.
I will not do them wrong.
I will never fail you.
I will not fail.
I will not give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands of pounds from the Sophy.
I will not go today, and if I do, it will be what time I say.
I will not have to deal with you.
I will not hear you speak.
I will not wait long.
I will not hurt him.
I will not leave him until Cassio gets to meet him. How are you, my lord?
I will not be angry for a long time.
I will not stand up until your Highness hears me.
I will not say that, because I am afraid I will be faced out of my way.
I will not say you will see a mask, but if you do, it wasn’t for nothing that my nose fell a-bleeding on Black Monday night.
I will not shame myself to give you this.
I will not sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I will not sleep until I have received your letter.
I will not speak to her.
I will not stay behind.
I will not stay here to make you angry.
I will not stay tonight for all the town.
I will not eat dinner tonight.
I will not swear that these are my hands.
I will not take her on any man’s gift.
I will not think so.
I will not until I am ready.
I will not bother you, my child.
I will not bother you to ask about your situation. Come on, sing some music, and, good friend, sing.
I will not.
I will look at your letter.
I will take you, Cleopatra, and weep for my pardon.
I will not give you any chance to express my love, my love.
I will go on with my speech in your praise, and then I will tell you the truth.
I will be bold with Benedick for his company, because he is all a savage from the head to the sole of his foot.
I will give you a reply for that.
I will physicize your rank and give no thousand crowns.
I will give you the comfort I need with all the additions I can.
I will kill them all, even roaring.
I will put you two together, and let the fool make a third, where he will find the letter.
I will play the swan.
I will take you from that ship and its treasure.
I will bet I am any man who will be praised, even though I cannot be denied what I have done on land.
I will preach to you.
I will go learn their day of marriage.
I will proclaim my name on the field.
I will prove it on your oaths of judgment and with respect to reason.
I will read it. How unlike Portia!
I will redress your love.
I will find you here in the meantime.
I will go back into the house and ask the lady to do some work.
I will reward you once for your spherical comfort, and ten times for your bravery.
I will run, fiend.
I will run.
I will say for you.
I will not say anything.
I will say that.
I will see them.
I will go see him, sir, and tell you what I will do.
I will find a way to leave him.
I will send for him, and ask him yourself.
I will tell you what she says, so I can remember her more carefully.
I will be a tyrant.
I will tell you that he is dying so badly that you will think he is dying.
I will.
I will speak daggers to her, but I will not use any.
I will speak lower.
I will speak to this man.
I will stand, and so will Trinculo.
I will stop your mouth.
I will look at the inscriptions again.
I will talk to you more.
I will tell you everything, right as it fell out.
I will tell you why.
I will tell you.
I will take the banner from a trumpet and use it to grab it.
I will give it to you.
Tonight I will throw in several hands at his windows, as if they were from several citizens, all writing great opinions that Rome holds about his name.
I will go to Egypt.
I will go to Venice.
I will go see the weird sisters tomorrow, and that is the time for me to do that.
I will go to Venice to buy clothes for the wedding.
I will tell you as much in his beard.
I will walk by.
I will walk up and down and sing, so they will not be afraid to think of me.
I will watch tonight.
I will weary you, not just talking quietly.
I will cry for nothing, like Diana in the fountain, and I will do that when you are ready to be a good man.
I will cry for you, because your revolt is like another man’s fall.
I will cry.
I will go back to get some swift death for the wicked devil.
I will, and I will know her mind early tomorrow.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will, my lord, with all the necessary care.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
Yes, sir.
I will.
I will.
I swear, your grandmother had a worse match.
I wish him joy to her.
I wish I could, because now I am your fool.
I wish my eyes could shut up my thoughts.
I hope you enjoy the worm.
I wish you well, and so I will leave.
I wish you well.
I wish, please.
I have always been involved in the morning’s love, and like a forester, the groves can tread even till the eastern gate, all fiery red
I am wondering.
I wonder if I have to marry him, who should be my husband, and come to woo me.
I wonder if the lion will speak.
I wonder that none of you thought about him.
I wonder how they are together.
I am wondering if you will talk to me.
I wonder what it will do.
I am glad he is here.
I wish I could be friends with you and have your love, but do not forget the shames you have stained me with, give me your present wishes and do not take any money
I would rather have thrown away my speech, because it is excellently written and I have taken great care of it.
I would be foolish if you were overflowed with a honey-sac, signor.
I would be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as often as I am with my mistress.
I would like to get out of here and go, so I can speak.
I would cure you if you just called me Rosalind and came to my cottage every day to woo me.
I would do much to help them, because I love Cassio.
I want to eat his heart.
I would rather take on your boldest suit of sex, because we have friends who want to be a merriment.
I would like to go, man.
I would rather learn to lie.
I am going to prove that.
I would forget it, but it is still in my memory as if it were sinners’ minds.
I wish I could give you all my fame for a pot of beer and safety.
I wish I could bet you.
I wish I had blown up the town in an hour, so Chrish saved me.
I would have done everything else and made her myself.
I wish you had a place there and again, so I can tell you what you should do there.
I want her to learn how much I love her, my fair cousin, and that is good English.
I wish he had nine years of killing.
I would have made it short, since I could tell the whole story and stop the argument.
I want my bond.
I would rather have a fool follow it, since he gives it to me.
I wish someone like that could be whipped for oerding a termagant.
I wish I had, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I wish she had been invincible against any assault of love.
I want you.
I wish he had sailed me.
I wish he knew I saved his brother.
I wish I could see this sneezing.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I had your inches.
I wish I had your contract, because I think you are in a weak position.
I wish I knew what you were doing.
I wish I could have a good dinner.
I wish I were at home.
I wish I were invisible to catch the strong fellow by the leg.
I wish I were so foolish, sir, that I would not feel your blows.
I wish I were your bird.
I wish I were, to be revenged on you.
I wish they were hangers until then.
I hope it will prove the end of his losses.
I would kiss before I spoke.
I would like to know.
I would lose everything, and sacrifice them all to deliver you.
I wish my daughter were dead at my feet and the jewels in her ear were in her.
I wish my father could see with my eyes.
I wish my horse had the speed of your tongue and a good savage.
I would not be cured, young man.
I would not be mad.
I would not be the villain you think I am.
I would not change it.
I would not change this color except to make you think about it, my noble queen.
I will give you a great warning, partly to save your life, since I was told you were in a good mood.
I would not follow him.
I would not punish him in my house for the wealth of the whole town.
I would not want to see them in the world.
I would not have given it away to a monkey sanctuary.
I would not want him to be a mischievous for half my dowry.
I would not have a heart like that in my heart for the dignity of the whole body.
I would not hear your enemy say that, and you will not hear that violence, to make it trust you are a victim of your own crimes.
I would not kill you without a plan.
I would not marry her, even if she had all the money that Adam had left before he got out of here.
I would not see it.
I would not want to drink as much water as I want.
I would not spare my brother if he would punish me so a little.
I would rather get one of your father’s gifts.
I would be tempted to trust myself, even if I had sworn that Hero would be my wife.
I wish she had not given me this insult.
I wish she were in heaven so that she could take some power to change this currish Jew.
I wish I could sing my song without a burden.
I want to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
I wish the fool were married to her grave.
I wish the lightning had burned up those logs you have been ordered to pile.
I wish my sister had no name.
I wish these tears were from the ground.
I wish they were, so I could die instantly, because now they kill me with a living death.
I wish they would fight in the fire or in the air, we would fight there too.
I wish you could stammer this man out of your mouth like wine from a narrow-mouthed bottle.
I hope you are right.
I wish you had been a son to some man else.
I wish you had my bones and I had your news.
I wish you had told me about another father.
I wish you were so happy to hear the true story.
I wish all the fights were well resolved.
I would try to get him to cry “hem” and have him.
I wish we were all rid of this snafus.
I wish you were as I wish you were.
I wish your duties were as foolish as you were.
I wish you were going to be there.
I wrote to you when I rioted in Alexandria.
I will send you your order immediately, and he will accompany you to England.
I am your servant.
I will do whatever I can, which I cannot.
Your mother is always praying for Richmond’s good.
I knew the tailor who made the wings she flung with.
I am a gentle mistress.
I am madam.
I will cry again, not even remembering how I cried then.
I am Dromio.
I, sir?
I have been deprived of all the worldly ends, and I have been dedicated to keeping close to my mind and improving my mind with the same thing that
I do.
I am sure he is right, cousin.
I am sure he will have a lusty widow who will be wooed and wedded in a day.
I am sorry you are not feeling well.
I am sure he has done well.
I am sure, I am sure, and both are in tune, like two gypsies riding on a horse.
I am sure, or I either.
I am sure you will never be worried about it.
Is it in the air or the earth?
I am the one who has the clout, the other.
I am in the dark.
I wish you could live, because it is happiness to die.
I will see them.
I will go out and take away the vulgar from the streets.
I will follow him and see what happened.
I will answer that question.
I will arrest him.
I will ask them.
I tell you, he sounded as pravely at the pridge as you would see on a summer’s day.
I will attend her here and woo her with some spirit when she comes.
I will go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him that.
I will wear a glass and employ a few tailors to dress up my clothes in a fashion that will adorn my body.
I will be at your elbow.
I will be there.
I will go.
If you are Launcelot, you are my own flesh and blood.
I will be your second.
I will be with you soon.
I will be with you immediately.
I will be your foil, Laertes.
I will be your money-teller and leave you for an hour.
I will blame you and take your job from you, on my own risk.
I will beat the knave into a twiggen bottle.
I will take him here now.
I will bring my wood faster.
I will tell you exactly how it will be.
I will bring you there if you want to go, my lord.
I will take you to him immediately.
I will bring you to him.
I will fight you against a million dollars.
I will bury you in a triumphant grave.
I will call Sir Toby the next time.
I will call you Hamlet,” King,” “Father,” and “royal Dane.
I will call you before you go to bed and tell you what I know.
I will call you immediately.
I will carry it to the pile.
I will catch it before it comes to ground.
I will give that promise to you, your Grace.
I will come to him.
I will come to you immediately.
I will not be finer than I am.
I will do his best.
I will try to stop it even if it hits me.
I will not take it any further.
I will die for it only if some woman had the ring.
I will do it, but it does not like me.
I will do it, my lord.
I will do it.
I will do my best to get your lady. If I could get her, I would be his wife.
I will do everything for a younger man.
I will drain as much water as hay.
I will drink for you.
I will drink to her as long as there is a barrier in my throat and eat in Illyria.
I will end my exhortation after dinner.
I will beg you.
I will get my sister to get her.
I will get some egg whites and flax on his bleeding face.
I will get the general’s surgeon.
I will get them, sir.
I will fight at sea.
I will fight until my flesh is hacked out of my bones.
I will find your man, and he will tell you from time to time that you are lucky.
I will find Romeo to comfort you.
I will fish for you and get you enough wood.
I will not follow him with scolding prayers again.
I will follow it.
I will follow you and make a place in which heaven is hell, to die on the hand that I love so much.
I will follow this good man and go with you.
I will follow you.
I will fume with them.
I will go to a place more empty, where great Caesar speaks as he approaches.
I will give it to him.
I will give you a verse to this note, which I made yesterday, despite my invention.
I will go alone.
I will go with you, no one can see anything else, but I will rejoice in my own splendor.
I will go and chat with Paris.
I will go another way to work with him.
I will go arm myself.
I will go further.
I will go find a shadow and sigh until he comes.
I will go with you.
I will be a talker for this.
I will stop after that.
I will take an action against him if there is any law in Illyria.
I will have more reason to do that than this.
I will have her, but I will not keep her long.
I will have my contract and leave.
I will get my contract.
I will not have any more.
I will not have any halves.
I will not speak.
I will have no name better than the name of Jove’s, and you will look at me like Ganymede.
I will have proof.
I will get the job done and give it to Iago.
I will have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I will have my sword cut from my shoulders before I see the crown so misplaced.
I will have this knot tied up tomorrow morning.
I will help you get a horse.
I will help you, Sir Toby, because we will be dressed together.
I would like to think of her as an Ethiope.
I will tell you what we have done in his name, that war-like word, and how we have smashed out the field with his banners and well-paid ranks.
I will come in to counsel them.
I will join my black despair with my soul and become an enemy.
I will keep my oath for a long time to endure my wrath.
I will know his humor when he knows his time.
I will tell you what you think.
I will lay fourteen of my teeth, and yet, to my teen, I have only four teeth. She is not fourteen.
I will leave you now like a man of steel.
I will leave you, lady.
I will leave you.
I will look at it if I want something to look like it.
I will make a sop on the moonshine of you.
I will share my present with you.
I will make her come right away, I promise you.
I will find him.
I will make one too.
I will make it bold to say that it is my service.
I will make the motion.
I will give you an example.
Next time I will try to get you nothing for something.
I will make you feel better.
I will watch the play.
I will meet you at that place sometime in the morning.
I will try to get it back and then play. Where is the Queen?
If this man comes to good, I will never care what I do.
I will never see it.
I will not see any more of you.
I will not.
I will not do anything about it.
I will not do anything about it.
I will not answer that question, but I will say it is my humour.
I will be away from you.
I will not be sworn in.
I will not be a dull-eyed fool to shake the head, sigh and give away to Christian intercessors.
I will not be struck, my lord.
I do not believe it.
I will not budge an inch, boy.
I will not refuse anything I have to do with him, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
I will not endure it.
I will not endure it.
I will not betray her, so she will not be a good thing to say.
If I live, I will be there forever.
I will not fight with you.
I will not have it.
I will not talk to him.
I will not betray it.
I will not go to bed tonight.
I will not trust your words.
I will pay you for it then.
I will pheeze you, in faith.
I will kill him.
I will be the housewife for once.
I will give you berries.
I will prove that I am against you, and prove that I am honest and honorable if you dare to stand.
I will pull you by the lower legs.
I will prove it.
I will wrap my sword around the Earth in forty minutes.
I will put it on.
I will wear poor and mean clothes and smudge my face with a smear.
I would rather be begging you.
I would rather kill myself.
I will read it.
I will rest.
I will rhyme you so well for eight years, excepting dinners and suppers and sleeping hours.
I will ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
I will ride your horse as well as I ride you.
I will run away from you and hide in the bushes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
I will give you a contract, and I will say that the Jew is kind.
I will see it done.
I will not see anything else.
I will see you hanged on Sunday first.
I will sell all my land.
I will send my prayers to him.
I will send a man to Mantua, where the banished rogue is alive.
I will be here for this duke.
I will be there five hundred people.
I will tell you how long you will be loved.
I will put her on.
I will show you the best springs.
I will signify that to him immediately.
I will slit the nose of the villain who would have sent me to jail.
I will speak a prophecy before I go.
I will stay for a month.
I will not be able to answer any more questions.
I will strike and cry, “Take everything.” Well said.
I will leave.
I will talk to this man.
I will go away with you.
I will teach you how to flow.
I will tear her up.
I will tell my husband what you have said.
I will tell you the news.
I will tell you before you ask me again.
Beatrice praised you the other day.
I will tell you more about this another time.
I will tell you what, Prince: a college full of witcrackers cant fool me out of my sense of humor.
I will tell you, Aliena, I cannot be out of sight of Orlando.
I tell you, Charles, it is the stubbornest young fellow in France.
I will tell you, my friend, I am almost mad myself.
I will tell you in your ear.
I will tell you who time is in the mood, who time is in the mood, who time is in the mood, and who time is still in the mood.
I tell you, there are good men in Monmouth.
I will not give or risk anything for lead.
I will go to dinner.
I will go to England.
I will go to him.
I will go to my book, because I will do a lot of business at the end of the evening.
I will go to my job.
I will go to sleep.
I will go to the friar to find out his remedy.
I will go to the martin and then go there for Dromio to stay.
I will go to the temple.
I will torture him.
I will unhair your head.
I will venture like a hawk or a hound, twenty times as much on my wife.
I will wait on you, your lord.
I will bet he drowned even if the ship were as leaky and slick as a wench.
I will tell her she will pay him home.
I will wear nothing but this.
I will write to my sister immediately, so I can keep my plan.
I will write you a challenge.
I will write him a taunting letter, and you will bear it.
I will go sleep with him, where you can knock a nail into his head.
I am out of patience.
Iago is coming.
Iago is very honest.
Iago keeps his word.
Iago, who started it?
Iago?
Iago.
Idle old man who still wants to manage the powers he has given away.
If it weren’t the other, it would be just that.
If she wasn’t, I cant tell who I told.
If a bloody sax is a hurt, you have hurt me.
If a Christian does not play the knave and get you, I am very wrong.
If a Jew is wrong with a Christian, what is his humility?
If a man does not erect his own tomb in this age before he dies, he will not live in a monument more than the bell rings and the widow weeps.
If a man’s brain were in the shin, wouldn’t it be a danger for kibes?
If everything else fails, I will have the power to die.
If all the devils of hell are locked in little possession, and Legion himself has possessed him, I will speak to him.
If all the wine in my bottle will help him recover, I will help his ague.
If there is any bark left, come to the martin, where I will walk until you return to me.
If any legs are Trinculo’s, these are.
If any man doubts that, let him put me to the test.
If any ship is missing, you will get out of here immediately.
If there is anything like that, please forgive him.
If there are any, speak, for he has offended me.
If there are any, speak, for he has offended me.
If I can borrow other accents, that can make my speech sound, I will carry out my good intentions to the extent for which I razed my likeness.
If you have roared in the wild, my dearest father, you will be allay them.
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have stayed silent.
If Caesar wants, our master will leap to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, you would be well punished for your rashness.
If I am not happy with my dream, my boat will sail freely with wind and stream.
If we die, be brief so that our swift-winged souls can catch the king’s life or, like obedient subjects
If you were yourself, and your pain was yours, you and your pain were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fleet as Echo, I would be worth a dozen such.
If either of you knows any reason why you should not be accompanied, then you will have to ask your souls to tell me.
If he ever goes alone again, I will never fight for more prize.
If he ever has a wife, let her be miserable by the death of him more than I am.
If I ever live to see it, I will challenge it.
If I ever return to you again, I will bring you comfort.
If you come to me and say, “This is my glove,” I will take you a box on the ear.
If you ever want to grow, bury my body.
If every one of you wishes had a womb, and had a womb that would yield every penny, a million
If everyone knows us, and we do not know us, it is time to pack and go.
If we do not have fortune today, it is because we brave her.
If I return from the field again to kiss my lips, I will be bloody.
If God is avenged for this deed, then you know that he does it publicly.
If it is good, you are making fun of the sweet news by playing it to me with such sour eyes.
If Hamlet hits the first or second hit, or has quit in response to the third exchange, then let all the battles fire their weapons.
If you, my father, believe this is the way you call it back, do not blame me.
If he asks for me, I will get sick and go to bed.
If he is awake, he will fill our skins with a pinch of sleep.
If he is absent, bring his brother to me.
If he is leaden, icy, cold, unwilling, be so too, and break off the talk, and tell us about his inclination.
If he does not love a woman, then you cannot believe old signs.
If he has been punished, I will see that his reputation is as arrant as a villain and as strong as Jack Sauce.
If he is sad, he wants money.
If he is not happy, I can help him.
If he is taken, he will never be afraid to do harm again.
If he is, he knows how to turn his girdle.
If he breaks the peace, he will have to fight with fear and trembling.
If he does not want to, let the witch mend him.
If he does not come, the play will be ruined.
If he is coming tomorrow, I will pay him.
If he could fight himself, some of us would be lying.
If he does not like it, he will go to our sister, who I know is one.
If he bleeds, I will smile at the faces of the grooms, because it must seem like they are guilty.
If he is bleak, I know what to do.
If he fears God, he must always be quiet.
If he does not resist, please forgive him for all of his sins.
If he does, he will not cry back again.
If he does not do that, he will have other means to cut you off.
If he is satisfied with his lust, he will be tempted to do it with his bones dry and lustful, and he will be tempted to do it.
If he caught the Benedick, he will have to pay a thousand pounds before he can be cured.
If he has never had wine before, it will go away to make him fit.
If he is a saint and a devil, I would rather he shrive me than wive me.
If he loves Caesar, then he will have to think and die for Caesar.
If he could be delivered quickly, I would be, since I am so much indebted to my niece that I cannot do anything safe to me.
If he gives me conquered Egypt for my son, he will give me so much of my own as I will kneel to him with thanks.
If he says that, he will be a bit ill-tempered.
If he were alive, what would happen to me?
If he were dead, you would cry for him.
If he does not stand when he is offered, he will not be one of the Prince’s subjects.
If he accepts it, then he will.
If he is a musical genius, we will have a few sexy things to do.
If her breath were as terrible as her snoring, there would be no living near her; she would infect the north star.
If he is wrong, we will ignore the king’s crime.
If he is a good man, I will be ready either now or when I am ready.
If I am a savage, beware of my stinging.
If I can cross him any way, I will be sure to bless myself.
If I can get him to drink one more cup, and get him to drink one more, he will be as rude and offensive as my young mistress’s dog.
If I can get him back and keep him tame and get him to Naples, he is a present for any emperor.
If I can get him back and keep him tame, I will not take too much for him.
If I could add a lie to a fault, I would deny it.
If I could welcome the fifth person as well as I can give the other four a goodbye, I would be happy with his approach.
If I could make that look like something in me, I would.
If I could pray to move, then prayers would move me.
If I could win a woman by jumping or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back, without any bragging, I would quickly leap into a wife.
If I cut my finger, I will make bold use of you. Your name, honest gentleman?
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I will give it to your daughter.
If I die before you, please shroude me in one of these sheets.
If he is right, I will move your request and try to make it to my fullest.
If I live, I will be good to you.
If I do not love her, I am a Jew.
If I am not sober, talk with respect and swear, but now and then, wear prayer books in my pocket, look dreadful.
If I do not usurp myself, I will.
If I prove her haggardness, even though her jesses were my dear heartache, I would whistle her off and let her go.
If I do so, it will be more expensive to be slammed behind your back than to your face.
If I do not dream, you are Emilia.
If I find a hole in his coat, I will tell him my thoughts.
If I gave them all my life, I would keep my coxcombs myself.
If I had thunderbolt in my eyes, I can tell you who should down.
If I had you in Lipsbury’s corner, I would make you care about me.
If I had done that, I would have quickly pulled out my weapon.
If I have killed your child, I will beg your daughter to get my bloody death certificate.
If I know this, I know the whole world, and I can shake off the tyranny that I am carrying.
If I am in this position, you will have to wear me in leather.
If I let him go, I will have to pay him the debt.
If I live to see it, I will never trust his word again.
If I lose a fight over this sport, let me be boiled to death with melancholy.
If I can trust the truth of sleep, my dreams are a good sign of joy.
If I am myself, there is no time as good as Caesar’s death hour, or half as good as your swords, made rich with the most noble blood of this world.
If I owe you anything, I will pay you in a lump sum.
If I stop you, you savage minister, I can restore your old light to my mind if I repent.
If I say sooth, I must tell you they were like cannons overcharged with double-force forces, so they doubled their forces.
If I see anything tonight about why I should not marry her, then I will shame her in the congregation where I should marry her.
If I were the one, what would I be?
If I said that, I saw such islanders, for they are monstrous, but you can see, their manners are gentler than many of us.
If I said something, she would mock me in the air.
If I would take my anger against you, look, you are only a lost monster.
If I am speaking like myself, whip him up, who first finds it.
If I am honest, then I will be honest.
If I stand here, I saw him.
If you think so, I think the same thing about you.
If I were to be a part of this unity, I would not say that.
If I were Brutus now and Brutus were Cassius, he would not be a good man.
If I went to Naples now, would they believe me?
If you cannot give me any help, then you can call me wise and I will help it with this knife.
If it is my father, I will speak to it, even if Hell itself is going to break down and ask me to keep my peace.
If it is a complaint from the count, I am sick or not at home.
If it is found, some will be happy with it.
If it is true love, tell me how much.
If it is a work of a man, I will do it.
If it is mine, do not keep it from me.
If it does not have any purpose to be imported, give it back to me.
If it does not come, it will come now.
If it is as bad as it is on me, I must tell you, you do not understand so clearly what it is on my daughter and your honor.
If it were true, as it is, she would be better to love a dream.
If that is true, it will be a good way to redeem all the sorrows I have ever experienced.
If it is that, or any one of hers, it is not against her.
If it is like a dream, let me sleep.
If it is true that good wine does not need a bush, it is true that a good play does not need a syllable.
If you are the ones who stir these daughters against their father, do not let me be so fooled.
If it is true, please do not eat it.
If it had been painful, I would not have come.
If it would be nice to avoid the grief between you and forget them, then remember that the present situation needs to be resolved.
If it passes against us, we will lose the better half of our possession.
If it is pleasing His Majesty, it is time of day for me to breathe.
If it is one eye, it is with me as true as the sonnet says, “Please one and please everyone.” Why, how are you, man?
If you like.
If it is a good prize, he will always be yours.
If you want me to answer well, I will do what your mother wants.
If it were done when it was done, then it would be done quickly.
If I were to die now, I would be very happy, since I am afraid I am not feeling this way.
If it were true, it was a serious fault, and Caesar has resorted to it.
If it does not, I will leave you.
If it does not, what is the best way to do that?
If it pleases Caesar to be so good to me that I can hear him, I will ask him to befriend himself.
If she does not help you, she will not be able to predict the future.
If knife, drugs, or snakes have Edge, sting, or op, I am safe from the crowd.
If love is blind, it cannot hit the mark.
If love is rough with you, then be rough with love.
If love has touched you, then nothing remains as good as love.
If you see anything else, let me know.
If I am more serious, I am more serious than I am.
If you notice him, you will offend him and extend his love.
If my heart is dear to you, do not swear.
Lady Olivia has not called up her steward Malvolio and told him to turn you out of the door, so do not trust me.
If you do not answer, you might think that a thorny ambition, not a reply, gave me the golden yoke of sovereignty, which you would impose on me with a fond fond
If not, it is true that this parting was well done.
If not, please.
If not, if you would like to leave her, she is very willing to offer you farewell.
If not, I will try to get you back.
If not, they will meet with the lord.
If not, he will foam at his mouth and become a savage madness.
If not, he will be plain.
If not, I will die your mother.
If not, stop me, and I will spare you.
If not, the Fates are threatening to fight with traitors.
If not, to say that I will die is true, but not for love, by God.
If not, when you have stomachs.
If not, then this parting was well done.
If not, I will be forgiven for your pardon and return to my business.
If one knight gives a gift, would you like to sing a love song or a song of good life?
If one is a prey, how much better it is to fall before the lion than the wolf?
If you went to be warm, you would not need anything else to keep you warm.
If our eyes had authority, they could take two thieves with whom we kissed.
If our father has the authority to do what he wants, then this last surrender will only offend us.
If our father would sleep until I wake him up, you would enjoy half his income forever.
If we had a good time, we would have all been men.
If I do not like a sanctimony and a frail vow, you will enjoy her.
If she and I are happy, what is it to you?
If she is a traitor, then I will.
If she is black, she will find a white that is black and black.
If she is false, heaven mocked itself.
If she is in your house or in her bedroom, let me get the justice of the state for lying to you.
If she confessed she was half the wooer, I will be punished by the light of the man.
If she sends letters to Richmond, you will answer it.
If she refuses to marry, I will ask for the day when I will ask the banns and when I will be married.
If she wants me to pack, I will thank her as if she wanted me to stay by her for a week.
If she does, he will smile and take it for a good reason.
If she does not find him, send him to England or where you think best.
If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the Moor.
If she is alive for a long time, and then she is dead, then women will turn into monsters.
If she is alive until midnight, she will burn a week longer than the whole world.
If she is angry about her love, it is very possible he will punish it, since the man has a contemptive spirit.
If she supports him and his hundred knights when I show you are not right.
If she returns my jewels, I will abandon my plea and apologize to you for my unlawful solicitation.
If she is going to stir up here, I will tell her.
If I see and see the shape of my eyes, my love will die.
If Signor Leonato is her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina.
If Sir Toby left the drink, you would be as witty as any piece of Eve’s flesh in Illyria.
If that is true, please, sister.
If that is true, I will often be washed more than hers.
If that is true, then do not be tongue-tied.
If such a person is right to govern, speak.
If a quick thought does not break it, a faster mean will not break it, I feel.
If the other two are as good as we are, the situation will get worse.
If that is all, my masters, I will not hear anything wrong.
If that is enough to care for nothing, I would make you invisible.
If her breath mists or stains the stone, then she will live.
If that is true, then everything is fine.
If the demon who shook you so badly would walk the whole world, he would return to the vast Tartar and tell the army: “
If the Turkish fleet is not protected and embayed, they are drowned.
If this simple syllogism is for you, then you should be.
If you are a devil, I cannot kill you.
If that is not enough, I will have to pay ten times more for my hands, my head, and my heart.
If you were Sir Rowland’s son, as you have kindly lied to me, and I can see that his effigies are in your face
If we did not have any reason to change our minds, we would have to make our own conclusions.
If the cat is kind, then Rosalind will.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a savage, it is possible that we, as you think, will also be an ass and a fool and
If the English had any sense, they would run away.
If the heavens were happy, we would have ended this very soon.
If the poor spirit has such a good house, good things will be living with it.
If this paper is true, you have a lot of work to do.
If the matter were good, my lord, I would swear it would be his.
If the Prince is too important, tell him that everything is measured, and then dance out the answer.
If they were just a word, they would be as innocent as the grace itself.
If that friend asks why I rose against Caesar, this is my answer: not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
If they were slacking you, we could control them.
If true lovers have ever crossed the line, then it is a decree of destiny.
If there is anything good to do that can help you, speak to me.
If there is any reason, please try to find out.
If there is any in this assembly, I tell him that any dear Caesar friend Brutus was in love with Caesar.
If there is more sorrow, then keep it in.
If I can see it, you are my daughter.
If I can see it, you are my Rosalind.
If they come out of truth—as on you, Macbeth, their speeches shine—why have they made good for you?
If Fulvia were the only woman, you would have a cut.
If they refuse to come, then go to my husbands.
If they see you, they will murder you.
If they do this as if God pleases, then my ransom will be refunded soon.
If they have done this deed, my noble lord, If?
If they do not answer to your question, you can say that they are not the men you took them for.
If they say nothing about her, they will tear her apart.
If they suffer from our departure, then death is the word.
If they are fighting with us, ask them to come down or leave the field.
If they do not do anything, we will come to them and make them jump like stones that were thrown from ancient assyrian slings.
If this is true, Cassius or Caesar will never turn back, because I will kill myself.
If this is not what you are looking for, I will tell you nothing more than please Bianca, goodbye forever and a day.
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If that is true, why do you blame me for love you?
If this is the way you are going, then turn your hand.
If this letter does not move him, his legs will not.
If this vision is true, I will lose my son twice.
If this unnatural forest gives you anything savage, I will either provide you with food or bring it to you.
If this were played on stage now, I would be wrong to say it was improbable.
If this were true, I would know this secret.
If this young gentleman has offended me, I will blame you.
If you are making it shameful, then you will have to blame me for it.
If you and nature can make such a difference, death is like a lover’s pinch, which is desired.
If you are she, tell me where is that son who sank with you on the cliff?
If you ask me why, my reasons are both good and heavy.
If you are as poor a king as a king, you are poor.
If you are not immortal, look at you.
If you are Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If you are Trinculo, come out.
If you can love a fellow of this temperate, Kate, whose face is not worth a sunburn, who never looks in his glass to be a lover of anything he sees there, let your eyes be your cook
If you can love me for this, take me.
If you think about it correctly, Caesar has had great wrongs.
If you dare to tempt me further, then take your sword.
If you like to see your evil deeds, look at this pattern of your butcheries.
If you ever shook my heart without you from a moment of praise, and you are in this harsh world, you are in a pain to tell my story.
If you ever loved your dear father, Oh God!
If you did it, you would be the non-pareil.
If he is upset with us, encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons.
If you do not, I will never love you again.
If you love a beautiful Hero, cherish it, and I will break with her and her father, and you will have her.
If you love me, tell me what you think.
If you play with him at any game, he will beat you by beating you.
If you doubt it, you can go from my shoulder to my heel without running more than my head and my neck.
If you entertain my love, let it appear in your smiling face.
If you follow him, you will have to wear my coxcomb. How are you, uncle?
If you had feared to break an oath with him, your imperial head-shaped metal had graced my child’s tender temples.
If you have any voice or sound, speak to me.
If she does not have her in the end, call me “Cut.” If I do not, trust me, take it like you would.
If you have nature in your mind, do not bear it.
If you have killed Lysander in his sleep, then you are a man who is soaked in blood, and you will kill me too.
If you kill me, boy, you will kill a man.
If you are more squeezing, I will turn an oak tree and ping you in his knotty bushes until you have passed.
If you do not like me, I will give you my life.
If you read this, Caesar, you can live.
If you are not the one who has ever scolded you, you have not loved.
If you remember what happened before you came here, you may remember how you came here.
If you say that, villain, you will kill your mistress.
If you say that, you can go back and prove it.
If you are lying, you will hang alive on the next tree until you die of hunger.
If you take more or less than a pound, whether it is as substantial or as small as a pound, or whether it is a liar or a liar—and
If you are not going to Desdemona the next night, then you should take me out of this world with a bit of treachery and devise my life plans.
If you were my fool, uncle, I would have you beaten for being old before you.
If you want to lend this money, do not lend it to your friends.
If you are going to do it yourself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.
If you cry over my bad luck, I will take my eyes.
If you want to have such a man, take me.
If you vanish like this, you tell the world that it is not worth leaving.
If your greatness will revenge it on him, for I know you are brave enough to do this, I know you are brave enough to do this.
If you cannot forgive your revenge, then I give you this sword, which if you hide in this true breast and let the soul of you go, I lay it naked to the deadly
If your speech is sooth, I do not care if you do it for me as much.
If you leave until the end of your month, you will return and stay with my sister, leaving half your train.
If you have done the things you gave you in charge, then you will be happy.
If I tremble, then I will protest to the baby of a girl.
If we are like you in the rest of the world, we will look like you in that regard.
If we are declared to die, we are enough to pay our country’s losses.
If we are not in an hour, we will have to return to the guard’s court.
If we lose this battle, this is the last time we will speak together.
If we meet again, we will smile.
If we meet again, then we will smile.
If we all grow into pork-eaters, we will have a savage on the coals in the coming days.
If we know him as a thief, shouldn’t we give him hands?
If we are wrong, it is with our good will.
If we walk in the mud, we will catch them with our petticoats.
If we cannot protect our own doors against the dog, let’s be worried, and our nation loses its reputation for hardness and policy.
If he is not what he might be, I wish he were in heaven.
If I know my own desires, if I do not dream or be frantic—I do not trust myself—and I am not dreaming or frantic—
If it is possible, please do some good for him to speak with him and give him this important note.
If wolves had walked at your gate that night, you would have said, “Good porter, turn the key.”
If you are so fond of her iniquity, then give her permission to offend you.
If you are gentlemen, do me this right now: listen carefully.
If you are insane, you should go away.
If you are happy, go back to my cell and go back there.
If you are happy with this, and you are happy with it, then turn to where your lady is and ask for her with a loving kiss.
If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I love most.
If you can separate yourself from your crimes, then you are welcome to stay here in the house.
If you can, what do you think?
If you cannot, please thank me for your long life and make yourself ready in your cabin for the hour.
If you choose the place I am, we will be solemnized.
If you choose that, I will be yours withal.
If you do not like that, you will do well.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse, let the danger light your city’s charter and its freedom.
If you refuse me, Venice has no power over its decrees.
If you refuse it, the whole country will ruin it.
If you want the spleen to laugh and get a bit of laugh, follow me.
If you wore a beard on your chin, I would shake it up in this fight.
If you married my sister for her wealth, then use her wealth to make good use of her.
If you fight against your countrys enemies, you will be paid for your money by your country’s wealth.
If you fight to protect your wives, your wives will welcome home the conquerors.
If you free your children from the sword, your children will leave it in your old age.
If you love me, you will find me.
If you love Rosalind as much as you cry out, when your brother is married to Aliena, you will marry her.
If you meet Horatio and Marcellus, the guards rivals of my watch, tell them to hurry.
If you do not, if I am left alone, I will have that doctor for my bedfellow.
If you are sad about my love-loving grief, you are both exterminated by giving love.
If you are going abroad, you should go armed.
If you sweat to put down a tyrant, you will sleep peacefully without killing him.
If you are on this journey, you will kill yourself.
If you get angry with me, Pistol, I will scour you with my sword, as I can.
If you had known the virtue of the ring, or the half of the ring that gave it to you, or your honor to contain it, you would not have parted with it.
If you have any music that cannot be heard, then go back.
If you have any pity, or manners, you would not want me to argue that.
If you have lost him, why, I have lost him too.
If you have poison for me, I will drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew what I was doing, you would ask me to go and stay.
If you want to report the soil, the profit, and this kind of life, I will be your servant and buy it with your gold.
If you love her, then marry her tomorrow.
If you look at Alexander’s life well, Harry of Monmouth’s will look after it as well.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can stay with him.
If you insult him, I will defend you for him.
If you are out of my honor and in my greatness, you will die.
If you forgive us, we will change.
If you poison us, do we die?
If you prick us, don’t we bleed?
If you mutineer, the next tree will be the tree.
If you were blinded by your fear, or if you knew about it, you would be tempted to take on something more equal.
If you say something, I hope you will not kill me.
If you accept my consent, when it is time, it will honor you.
If you send them a message that you will not come, their minds will change.
If you are going to die before him, where is her snoring?
If you swear, my lord, you will not be swore.
If you are well-behaved, bring them to the castle of Baynard, where I will be accompanied by reverend fathers and well-earned bishops.
If you tickle us, don’t we laugh?
If you went out of pain, master, this king would go out of trouble.
If you come here, for now I am putting my money on a danger. I ask you to bring only twenty-five of them.
If you tell your lady I am here to speak with her, and bring her with you, it will awaken my bounty.
If you want to live, be sorry.
If you do not want to murder me for my love, let me be your servant.
If you do not want to, then come here when you are ready.
If you are dancing in our round and watching the moonlights, then go with us.
If you want to see it, follow me.
If you want to take a homely man’s advice, do not be found here.
If you watch him go from here (which I will make up for for the fact that he is between twelve and one), you can take him to your satisfaction
If you want to make a mistake, you have to make a mistake.
If you want to know what happened, look at me.
If you did not, it would be a good sign that I could have a new father.
If you are only trying to look at the wars of Pompey the Great, I assure you, there is no tiddle toddle or puddle in Pompey’s camp.
If you are going to supper tonight, you may.
If you want to fight, you have to fight each other, but it will not be.
If you sit down, I will keep your logs.
If you enjoy your leisure, I would like to speak with you.
If your love does not convince you to come, do not let me write my letter.
If your Majesties remember it, the Welsh did good service in a garden where the leeks grew, wearing leeks in their
If your master wants a queen to beg him, you have to tell him that a queen must beg no less than a kingdom.
Duke of Burgundy, if you would have the peace that you want, which will give you the strength to overcome your imperfections.
If she has resisted the riots of your followers, she will be on a solid ground so that she can be blamed.
Ill luck, ill luck?
I will rest in the room where you are sitting.
I want to talk more about you.
I will never say anything well.
Illo, I will, I will, I will.
Take it.
I am anxious about my absence, and I am sad that young Octavius and Mark Antony have grown so strong.
I am a man who was killed and turned to clay.
I am a snub.
In a false fight, there is no real courage.
In all these circumstances I will instruct you.
They sleep in bed while they dream about it.
He sees himself in both my eyes and in each eye, one.
I am telling you, prepare your battle early in the morning, and put your fortune in the battle of bloody strokes and mortal staring war.
I tell you, I am sure that if all of us could become it, we would be the most beloved man.
Caesar’s ships are used to warfare against Pompey.
In cases of defense, it is best to be more powerful than a man seems.
In cash, most just paid.
I will have to fight you with my sword.
We will not discuss what was best for us.
Give him the way to each other.
In every good thing.
Isn’t there a man in the world who will be sneering?
He is incompetent, and yet his trespass in our common reason (as they say, the wars must make example out of her best) is not a private fault.
You are a good man, lady.
I swear, my hand did not mean anything to my sword.
I swear, my lord, not me.
She is too scolded.
They are as heartfelt as we are.
In food, in sports, and in life-saving rest, to be disturbed would be a mad person or a man or a beast.
In Gods name, speak.
What are you doing in God’s name?
What is that?
In great measure.
Here comes the duke himself in a good time.
I am here, Iago.
Good time.
She is my happiness and yours.
He has a hope of government, which, in his absence, will be governed by him.
You are in comfort.
He is.
In his throne?
He walked in his own life with his crowns and crownets.
He is exalting himself more than you are adding.
In his tail.
In his tongue.
You have heard me say my daughter is not for you.
In honor of love.
In Kent, my lord, the kings are in arms, and the kings are getting stronger every hour.
In love?
It is bad for me, and good service for you.
I am sure she is the most sweet lady I have ever seen.
I am sure you are serious about Beatrice.
In my room there is a book.
I am in my mind, Horatio.
In my school days, when I lost one shaft, I smashed a fellow out of the same direction with a few more adolescent watches to find the other.
I am above you in my stars, but do not be afraid of greatness.
I have changed everything except my clothes.
Claribel found her husband in Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife on a poor island.
In Orsinos’s bosom.
I would rather disgrace him, but he will not be beaten.
Let’s get started now.
I have dispraised Caesar in praising Antony.
In private?
I like it very much, but I like it very much, because it is private and a very vile life.
I am sad, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say that, you will only be telling the truth.
In Sicyon.
In some bush?
I do not know why I am so sad.
I think you are still in your heart.
On a night like this, when the wind blew the trees and did not make any noise, on a night like this, Troilus thinks the Trojan walls were mounted
On a night like this.
On a night like this, pretty Jessica, like a little shrew, slanders her love, and he forgave her.
On a night like this, young Lorenzo swore he loved her very much, scolding her with vows of love, not a true one.
In such a dark night, shut me out.
In such a time as this, it is not possible to make a point about every offense.
I was born in Syracuse and married a woman who was happy for me.
In the corrupt world, the gilded hand of the crime may be thrown out of justice, and often the wicked prize itself buys out the law.
I am in God’s hands, and then I will fight against the presumption of treasonous treason.
In the meantime, I will write down a list of things that we want to play.
In the meantime, let me be who I am, and not try to change me.
In the meantime, let me be thought too busy about my fears, and hold her free, I beg your honor.
In the high and high parts of Rome, just before the most powerful Julius Caesar was killed, the graves stood empty and the dead squeak and gibber in the
There is a world where everyone is sex.
In the same figure as the king who died.
I met him in the street, and he was that gentleman.
In the wars.
I will say that, and that is the point, I will say that you are talking about the military discipline.
You do not have a half hour to live.
In this last moment.
What have you heard her say in this slumbery, out of walking and other real life, at any time?
In this time of the night?
I am a liar, an honest man, but I cannot be denied that I am a liar.
In those places, they live in the same places.
In thunder, lightning, or rain?
You are in your way.
We hate things that we often fear.
It is morning.
I think I should, and then I will die when I am done.
I do not think you would.
I know it is a sin to be mocked, but he!
In Venice, they let God see the pranks that they dare not show their husbands.
You did. My bones show that since then he has felt the vigour of his rage.
I am a gracious person, well-written, free, learned, and brave, and I am a gentle person.
You will say a beggar nay.
In what chapter of his life?
In which part of her body is Ireland?
What, my dear lord?
In which army is buried, a brave soldier, lying in the plain, and by his bloody side he spits his honorable wounds.
In that regard, I am sure.
I would like to ask you your name.
In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words.
Are you in your dumps?
In your own kingdom, sir.
We are in, or we are ruined.
Innocent people, you cannot guess who caused your father’s death.
He is not right.
She is a very fresh and delicate creature.
Indeed, he has an excellent reputation.
Yes, he is.
He praised them both very well.
I am not sorry for that, because they have been my enemies.
I will never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him dead.
I wish I had asked you before.
Yes, sirs, but I am worried about this.
It is a strange time.
Yes, my lord, it was a tough follow.
Indeed, my lord, it is an absolute and excellent horse.
Yes, my lord, you made me believe that.
Yes, sweet love, I was here at your house.
That is true, it is out of the air.
The French can give twenty French crowns to one, because they have them on their shoulders.
They are really disproportioned.
The senators will decide tomorrow to establish Caesar as a king, and he will wear his crown on sea and land in every place except here in Italy.
Yes, on my sword.
Yes!
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Infect her beauty with the powerful sun.
Infer that this alliance will give England fair peace.
I am not sure what to do.
The wise man is a better fool.
Tell her all about my fears, and add ones that might make her feel as if you are a bit nervous.
Did they know?
He is a happy fox.
You are more hideous when you show up in a child than the sea monster.
Ink and paper, Charmian.
Ask me if some poor gentleman who I will marry straight away to Clarence’s daughter.
Ask the Jew’s house.
Let’s talk briefly.
You are hiding somewhere.
Give the Prince and Claudio a certain zeal, as in love with your brother’s honor, who made this match, and with Claudio’s reputation.
I will take my mercy out of the door and make a stockfish from you.
Divide one man into a thousand pieces, and make a good friend.
I have forgotten a thousand.
I will go to my grave.
What dangers would you have me to face if I had something that does not belong to me?
Get me out of my bed.
Invoke his warlike spirit and Edward the Black Prince, your great-uncle, who played a tragedy on French soil, making France powerless while his mighty father
Iras, I am going to be gone.
Is it coming to this?
Is it coming to this?
Is it far away from where you are riding?
Is it a story that is rotten?
Is it gone?
Is it good or bad?
Is that the lead in her?
Is it long or round?
Is it lost?
Isn’t it against me?
Isn’t it enough, young man?
Isn’t Hortensio?
Isn’t it perfect to let him leave with this arm?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t that the king?
Isn’t it well done?
Isn’t that your trick?
Is it possible that you would like her if you were so young?
Is it possible that you will leave tonight?
Is it possible that Bianca’s mistress is not a good friend, but he is not Lucentio?
Is it possible, my lord?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it so sane?
Is that true?
Is that true?
Is that true, my lords of England?
Is it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is everyone here?
Is all the advice we have shared, the vows we made to our sisters, the hours we spent together when we were sitting on waiting table to join us?
Is everything ready for the wedding?
Is Antony or I responsible for this?
Has Banquo gone to court?
Is Brutus sick?
Is Caesar yet to go to the Capitol?
Is Cassius near?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he a man?
Is he coming home yet?
Is he here?
Is he dead?
Is he gone and has nothing to do with?
Is he gone?
Is he married?
Isn’t he a profane and liberal counselor?
Isn’t he willing to pay for it?
Isn’t he a villain who has dishonored my mother, slanders, and insults her?
Isn’t he here?
Isn’t he honest?
Isn’t he jealous?
Isn’t he a light of mind?
Is he the man God makes?
Is he going to be arrested?
Is he well shipped?
Is he well?
Is he worth a hat or a beard?
He is in his position now and is a wonderful man.
Is ink and paper ready?
Is it a common practice?
Is he a man?
Is it true?
Is it a world to hide your virtues?
Is that the answer?
Is it coming to this?
Is it possible that he will be a Protector?
Is it true?
Is that true?
Is it appropriate that he is one of the three men who has a common world divided?
Is it because of him that you envy me so much?
Is it four oclock?
Is it good?
Is it his use?
Is it true in word and deed?
Is it my mother?
Is it old and new?
Isn’t it all that important to say about this long time in nature that leaves the history unspoken that it intends to do?
Isn’t it as though this mouth should tear this hand for lifting a spoon of food to it?
Isn’t it hard that I cannot choose or refuse any of them?
Isn’t it Hero?
Isn’t that like the king?
Isn’t it past two o’clock?
Isn’t it strange that he could cut the Ionian Sea so quickly and take Toryne?
Is it possible that a sane man can lend three thousand dollars?
Is it possible that I would love the enemy of France?
Is it possible that any villain is so dear?
Is it possible?
Is it so brave?
Is it so long?
Is it so nominated in the contract?
Is that true, countrymen?
Is it the way fathers should have so little mercy on their children?
Is it them?
Is it two days ago that I tripped your heels and beat you before the king?
Is it a record, or has he rewritten it from time to time?
Is it reasonable and compassable?
Is it your friend who is in a trouble?
Is it your own inclination?
Is love a tender thing?
Is my father well?
Is my lord angry?
Is it true that he is so wide speaking?
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Isn’t marriage honorable in a beggar?
Isn’t that the man who lies on the ground?
Isn’t that him?
Isn’t that neighborly?
Isn’t that strange?
Isn’t the leaf turned down where I left reading?
Isn’t the sun pale, killing their fruit with frowns?
Isn’t this well buckled?
Isn’t this man jealous?
Isn’t this something more than fantasy?
Isn’t Stephano my drunken butler?
Isn’t this the day when Hermia will be able to answer her question?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that all right?
Is tomorrow the crest of March, boy?
Isn’t your husband crazy?
Isn’t your lord honorable without marriage?
Isn’t my doublet as fresh as the day I wore it?
It has become a god, and Cassius must bend his body if Caesar scolded him.
Is Romeo dead and Tybalt dead?
Is Rosaline, whom you loved so much, now forsaken?
Is she as tall as I am?
Isn’t she a modest young lady?
Isn’t she?
Isn’t she proud?
Is she shrill-tongued or low?
Is she as shrew as she has been reported?
Is she going to be buried in a Christian burial when she wants to be saved?
Is Signior Lucentio inside?
Is the dinner ready?
Is that something?
Is that his answer?
Is that my prize?
Is that necklace you promised to give to me?
Is that the law?
Is that the meaning of “accost”?
Is that the naked man?
Is that the most important thing?
Is that true?
Is the chair empty?
Is the day so young?
Is the Duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?
Is the king a good man?
Is the single man blessed?
Is the storm overblown?
Is the sword unwayed?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any reason to make these hard hearts so hard?
Is there someone who has reprimanded your Worship?
Are any ships on board tonight?
Is there any way I can show you such friendship?
Is there a division between my lord and Cassio?
Is there more work to do?
Is there anything offensive in it?
Isn’t there any respect for you, people, or time?
Is there anyone here to give me?
Is there any charm that can be used to steal the property of youth and motherhood?
Is this a dagger I see before me, pointing the handle toward my hand?
Is this a holiday?
Is this a prologue or a ring?
Is that true?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we sent to pay for his ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the monument of Leonato?
Is this the Moor whom our senate holds in full power?
Is this the sneezing for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is this true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your speed?
Is your master coming?
Is your master stirring?
Is your name Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is your news good or bad?
Is your union here?
Is he over here?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?
Is your man secret?
Are you changing your mood?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
I am a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal.
It is only about your ear.
It is a good idea to go away with it, as if it were a gift to you alone.
It is better to be the king than his own crown.
It starts with “Keep your peace alive.” I will never begin if I keep my peace.
It came from the heart of a woman who is dead.
It cannot be that you have murdered him.
It cannot be that she has done you wrong.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It cannot be.
It is coming to me.
It is a little chilly.
It always seemed so to us.
It did sound like a trespass.
He has come to his hands, and he will be executed.
It did, it did.
It is true, my boy.
It is true, my lord.
It seems you are a worthy judge.
It does not suit me.
It drops gentlely like the rain from heaven on the ground.
It eats and sleeps and has the same senses as we do.
It faded on the crowing of the cock.
It fell on a little western flower, before milk-white, now purple with love’s wound.
Then the cat must stay home.
It is great to see you here before me.
It is not going forward.
It hangs like a sand.
It is a bit of wonder and a bit of fear.
It has been proven that the first thing I wanted was to be the man who never loved until he was worth love.
It has been the emptying of the happy throne and the fall of many kings.
It has made me mad.
It does not have any tongue to scold you.
It has not been seen.
It is the curse of the eldest, a brother’s murder.
It is “music with her silver sound,” because musicians do not have gold to sound.
It is never tire. Oh.
It is a beast for Perseus.
It is a charitable duty of mine.
It is a business that is a bit sane.
It is common.
It is a savage creature that drew on Cassio, as it is a savage creature that tries to kill many people and be rewarded by one.
It is a fault you see in your eyes.
It is a good divine who follows his own instructions.
It is a great price for a small snub.
It is a storm.
It is a hint that wrings my eyes to it.
It is a story.
It is a letter from my brother that I haven’t read the whole time.
It is a job for a man, but not yours.
It is a wheel fixed on the summit of the highest mountain, to which ten thousand lesser things are buried and buried.
It is a monster born on itself.
It is a very sharp sauce.
It is a nippy and a savage air.
It is a smear, a custard-coffin, a bauble, a silk pie.
He has a poison that has been tempered by him.
He is a pretty young man, not very handsome, but he is sure he is proud, and yet his pride becomes him.
It is a witty world, and I believe it will not stand upright until Richard wears the flag of the realm.
It is a story written by an idiot, full of sound and fury, and not a signifying sign.
It is a topic as fluent as the sea.
He is wise and has a child.
It is almost morning, and yet all of these events are complete.
It is a habit for her to look like washing her hands.
It is an honor that I do not dream of.
It is as easy as lying.
It is backed like a weasel.
You and her: your son-in-law.
It is Brabantio.
It is only change, Titinius, because Octavius is overthrown by noble Brutus, as Cassius’s
It is just trash.
It is called Wye at Monmouth, but it is out of my mind, and it is the name of the other river.
It is Captain Macmorris, isn’t it?
It has been concluded.
It is not yet concluded, but it must be if the king is miscarrying.
If an alien is seeking the life of any citizen by direct or indirect attempts, the party will take half of his money.
It is true.
It is gone.
It is good for your green wound and your ploody comb.
It is good to grow.
It is here, Hamlet.
It is heresy.
It is his handwriting, my lord, but I hope his heart does not matter.
It is his job.
It is a hypocrisy against the devil.
It is impossible for them to carry it out.
It is impossible to see this, if they were as old as goats, as hot as monkeys, as salt as wolves in pride, and as drunken fools.
It is impossible.
It is a cold day, my lord.
It is just as high as it is and moves with its own organs.
It is meat and drink to me to see a clown.
It is just lust and a will.
It is better to leap in ourselves than to tarnish until they push us.
It is important that the Moor should be more than just reason.
It is my arm.
It is my birthday.
It is my day, my life.
It is my duty, sir.
It is my style when I see a crab-apple.
It is my lady.
It is my promise, and they expect it from me.
It is my horrible fortune.
It is important that you plan the harvest season.
It is not a joke to say we are.
He does not have any virtue hidden.
It is not as witty as it is, so it is eloquent and imaginative.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
It is not good to be seated in the middle of the room.
It is not shameful.
It is not daybreak.
It is not daybreak.
It is not for you.
It is not your health to commit your weakness to the cold morning.
It is not friendly, it is not girl.
I do not have the courage to speak about what I have seen and heard.
It is not lost, but what if it were?
It is not true that you know how much Caesar loved you.
It is not moonlight now.
It is not good, and it cannot be good, but it cant be good, but it cant be good, but it cant be good, but it cant be good, because I have to be quiet.
It is not possible.
It is not seen enough, but you should wear it in your cap.
It is not clear, but what about that?
It is not very strange.
It is not good to get the story out of my mouth before it is finished.
It is not yet day.
It is high dinnertime, and the night has turned into waste.
It is two oclock now.
It is offended.
It is a danger that you yourself were saved.
It has been proven that Lady Hero has been wrongly accused, that the Prince and Claudio have been abused, and that Don John has been the author of all who has fled.
It is as wide as it has been.
It is true.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is a meteor that the sun has told you to turn the light on this night and light you up to Mantua.
It is something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose.
It is the best horse in Europe.
It is the sun that is blessed.
It is the bright day that brings the adder back to the house and that makes for a quiet walk.
It is women’s cry, my good lord.
It is the devil.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It is the greatest admiration in the world that no one has ever had to respect the true and utter prerogatives and laws of war.
It is the green-eyed monster who mocks the meat it eats.
It is the lady Pyramus who must love it.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, preventing harsh noises and unpleasing sharps.
It is more like being frightened.
It is the most impenetrable curfew ever kept by men.
It is the responsibility of men to tremble and fear when the mighty gods send such terrible heralds to amaze us.
It is the prince of throne.
It is the quality of the climate.
It is the right woman’s rank to sell.
It is my rival.
It is the smartest partition I have ever seen.
It is a service and a commitment, as well as I am for Phoebe.
It is all fantasy, all passion, all love, all love, all humility, all patience, impatience, all trial, all respect.
It is all about being made of sighs and tears, and so am I for Phoebe.
It is too hard to get married.
It is too heavy for your Grace to wear it.
It is too late.
It is too rough, too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like a thorn.
It is true.
It blesses the man who gives it and the man who takes it.
It is very hot.
It is very sultry. I cannot tell how it was.
It is true.
It is well done, and is appropriate for a princess who has been ruled by so many royal kings.
It is good.
It is good.
It is worth the effort.
It is written that shoemaker should go with his yard and tailor with his last, the fisherman with his pencil and the painter with his nets.
It is Orlando, the man who fought the wrestler and your heart in the same instant.
It is your music, madam, of the house.
It is, and it wants to be renamed.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
It is.
It is going to give over.
It is yours.
It looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
It makes us, or it makes us.
It may be that his enemy is a gentleman of great kind, even if he is not a man.
I may bring you to my brother Cassius by business.
It may be, my lord.
It may be worth your money, because I can sing and speak to him in many different ways, which will make me worthy of his service.
It may happen that these obvious signs, the unaccustomed terror of this night, and the rumors that he will be king will be able to escape the Capitol today.
It may be, very similar.
It may well be called the tree of Jove’s when it drops such fruit out.
It might have been a good idea that we would repay what we took from them, for the sake of traffic.
It might, my lord.
It would be nice to him to have a staff to work on.
It must be more like words, so I am a bit lazy.
It must be Nay, but listen to me, Goodman Delver.
I do not know any reason to insult him, but for the general.
He will have to know soon from England what is going on there.
It must be, because there have been no miracles in the world, and we must admit that the way things are done.
It must be thought about.
It must be your imagination, not theirs.
It must be delicate and delicate.
I invite you all to join me in my parade.
It is coming to night now.
It is only our lives to use the strongest force.
It is your Worship to say that, but we are the poor duke’s officers.
It is not true.
It is a good idea, but it is a bad idea to perform.
It is ripening towards it.
It seemed she was a queen over her passion, which rebel-likely strove to be king for her.
It seems he has taken great care of his wife.
It is not a good idea to be angry with me, or to be angry with the Moor if I stay.
It seems you are insulting me.
I am sure we are still sleeping, dreaming.
It is rarely a victim of sorrow.
It will benefit us more than hurt us.
It will benefit you more than ever, as the letter was written.
It is not bottom.
It will be done, my lord.
It will be done.
It will be done.
It has been said that his judgment ruled our hands.
It will be seven years before I get to horse.
It will be.
It will be to your advantage, because I will inherited my father’s house and all the money that was inherited from you.
It will work well.
It will be hard if “Cambio” is not there.
It will not hurt you.
It will not need it.
It will go to the barber’s with your beard.
It is everywhere.
It should be, but he is drowned, and these are devils.
It should be obvious that Dobbin’s tail is getting backward.
It is good, doesn’t it?
It is good for you to fight.
It is not a bad thing to do, and it is certainly waiting on some god on the island.
It is too much joy to see you here.
It struck my ear very terribly.
It is near the time when the spirit waited for him to walk.
It is as touching as I am touching you, my lord.
It was a good and fortunate vision.
When the cock crew arrived, it was about to speak.
It was dividing her heart and lips.
It was a mistake to let Gloucester live with his eyes out.
It was the man who made us treasonous, who is too good to blame you.
It was his bid.
I did not want to fight him, but I will wear it in my cap until I see him again.
When I arrived and heard you, I saw you make a gap between the pines and let you out.
It was my duty, sir.
It was my turquoise.
It was not brought to me, my lord.
It was ours, you did abuse.
It was a bit savage.
It was the nightingale that pierced your fearful ear, not the lark.
It was two years before I left him, and now the clock is one.
It was well done, and you will sleep again.
It was not enough to keep me away until twenty people told me about it.
It was a silver sword that I have seen in his life.
It was, your highness.
It was.
It is coming back.
It is still a wave.
It is weary, you say you are you.
It weeps, it bleeds, and every day she is slain.
It is good.
It would be better to die than to be mocked, which is as bad as being killed by tickling.
It was a very difficult way to shoe horsecraft with felt.
It would be a long time for them to get out of here.
It would be wise to say that to the Moor.
It would be good if Benedick knew it by someone else, if she did not know it.
It is a pity to throw them away for nothing, even if they are not worthy of anything.
It was too bad to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.
It was a good idea for the general.
It would be a difficult task for a maiden to do.
It will rain tonight.
It will be short.
It will make you mad, Monsieur Jaques.
It would be a question.
I would like to do it more easily, since my good will is to it and yours is against it.
It would make a man insane to be so cheaply shopped and sold.
He would be surprised if he were awake.
It is nine oclock.
It is dinnertime, my lord.
It is the wind.
It is true, lieutenant.
Jailer, look at him.
Jailer, look at him.
James Tyrrel is your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey, will lead the horsemen and foot soldiers.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
I will praise Jove and my stars.
Farewell, my lord.
Good luck with this.
Thank you, sir.
I am a big fan of shepherds.
The lightning, the precursors of dreadful thunderclaps, were even more momentary.
Judge me if it is not gross in the sense that you have abused her with foul spells, and abused her young youth with drugs that weakens her mood.
Judge me, you gods!
God, how much Caesar loved him.
Is this a judgment?
Juliet!
Juno and Ceres whisper quietly.
Just as high as my heart.
The men are just, just, and the men are sane when they are bringing their brutal and brutal message, leaving their wits behind with their wives.
Find the girl.
I have done justice, most sacred duke, against the Abbess.
Kate is as straight and slender as a hazelnut, and as brown as hazelnut shells, and as sweeter than the kernel shells.
Katherine’s daughter, with some petty, unprofitable dukedoms.
That is the worst title for a maiden of all titles.
Keep your eyes closed, I command you.
Keep me calm.
Keep your life peaceful.
Keep your promise, love.
Keep your spirits warm.
Keep your head on the left.
Keep your word.
Keep your cabins.
Keep your money.
Tell me, Phoebe, you will either marry me or else refuse to marry this shepherd.
Silvius, keep your promise that you will marry her if she refuses me.
Kent was banished so?
Kent, father, sisters.
Kent, do not worry about your life.
Sir, the king of Kent, who disguisedly followed his enemy king and stole his services as a slave.
Kill Brutus and be honored in his death.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow and let me live tonight.
Kill men in the dark.
Kill the poys and the luggage.
Kill!
Have you killed a cat?
Killing swine.
Kind and dear princess!
Gentlemen, let’s go see poor Cassio dressed.
Kind gentlemen, I will be able to read them every day.
Dear sister, thanks.
Kind souls, what, do you cry when you see Caesar’s corpse wounded?
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy with your news?
I will leave my mind to be as kind as I swore before.
King Lear has lost his daughter and he has lost his daughter.
It is kings, and kings are kings.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Do not scold me, Portia.
Kneel to the duke before he passes the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Knock you here?
Knock.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
I will know him, I will know him.
Do you know him?
Do I know the men who are with you?
Know me for Brutus.
Know your youth.
Know the glove!
I know that I came here before you, and that a man was prepared to accept this offer, but Mark Antony put me in some impatience.
I have brought my enemies to this shore.
Do we know this face?
Do you know any?
Do you know any, Hero?
Do you know whom you are talking to?
Do you know him?
Don’t you know he has?
Do you know the cause?
Do you know some men who are worthy of their grace serve them as enemies?
Do you know what Caesar wants to do with me?
Do you know where you are, sir?
Claudio, you wronged my innocent child and me so badly that I was forced to give my respects to you.
I hope I will live well tomorrow, and I will lead you where I expect victorious life rather than honorable death.
My lord, the marquess Dorset, has fled to Richmond, in the areas where he is.
I know, sir, I am called Hortensio.
I will never be chastised once until you have been sworn in by your master’s court.
Do you know Fluellen?
Do you know Gower?
Do you know his mind?
Do you know anyone who will kill you by stealing gold?
Don’t you know that I have paid my bones fine for ransom?
Don’t you know the duke has banished me, his daughter?
Do you know the way to Dover?
Do you know the man who has spoken to me before?
Do you know this country?
I have been known to these people, and I have been disguised.
Labio and Flavio, set our plans on.
Have you wept all this time, Lady Beatrice?
Amen to that, lady.
Lady, come from that nest of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
Lady, should I lie in your lap?
Lady, were you asleep last night?
Lady, will you have a fight with your friend?
Lady, have you come here to be married to this count?
Lady, you do not know the rules of charity, which make good for bad, and the rules of curse.
Lady!
Laertes, I have to share your grief with you, or you refuse me right away.
Last night, when the same star who is descending westward from the pole had made his way to the heavens where it is burning, Marcellus and I, the bell
Last night she slept, and tonight she will not.
The last thing he did, dear Queen, was to kiss this orient pearl.
Do not laugh to dissuade the power of man, because none of the women born will harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I are out.
Give your bitter enemy such a bitter answer.
Lay out the gown.
Give me advice and advice.
Hold her on her, hold her on.
Lay her on the ground, and she will escape her dark, unnatural flesh.
Lay on, Macduff, and damn him who first cried, “Hold enough!” I wish the friends we miss were safe.
Lay them in a gore, since you have shears his thread of silk on the shore.
Lay your finger on your finger and let your soul be instructed.
The dog is returning to its own vomit, and the truie lavée to the bourbier.
Le Roy?
Lead away.
Lead him to my bower.
Take me away from here.
Lead me on.
Lead me on.
Lead me to my room.
Lead me.
Lead the way.
Lead us, monster; we will follow.
Lear’s shadow.
Learn how, marquess.
Learn the wise and the wise. A cat is more like a cat than a cat, a cat that is very unclean.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to heaven and to those thorns that prick and sting her in her bosom lodge.
Leave him to my displeasure.
Leave holloaing, man.
Let’s listen to the moon.
Leave me alone to lure him.
Leave me and do what I asked you to do.
Leave me in the rush.
Leave me, please, a little.
Leave me alone, I say.
Leave me alone, Iago.
Leave you to your advantage, and I will not have any power to follow you.
Leave you alone.
Leave, gentle wax, and, please, do not blame us.
It is a slander, sir.
Lechery!
He is tied like a man and his fins like arms.
Give me a look-glass.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Lend me your hand.
Let’s hear your ear.
Lend your hand and throw my magic garment away.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I standing here?
Lepidus flatters both of them, but he does not love and cares about him.
Lepidus is high-colored.
You are less than a wonder of our earth, more than a divine earth.
We are less than Macbeth, and we are more than he is.
If you are choleric, you will have to buy me another dish.
Let’s go.
Let’s go, Corporal Nym.
Let everyone else take place.
Let’s go.
The commons should hear this testament, which, pardon me, I do not want to read.
Let’s go ahead and grow, because Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to his father than my daughters were to marry
Each of you should give me his bloody hand.
Beauty is a witch whose magic spells melt into blood.
Every man should be able to master his time until seven tonight.
Every soldier should hew him down a bough and bear it before him.
Let your blade fall on the edge of the cliffs.
Let floods oclock and fiends for food howl on!
Four captains will take Hamlet to the stage like a soldier, because he was likely a royal king if he were put on the stage.
Let go of his arm.
Let go of my hand.
When a large wheel runs down a hill, you will not get hurt by following it.
Let go of it, slave, or you die.
Let go of it.
Antonio will pay for this.
Let grief turn into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils cry shame against me, but I will speak.
Leave her alone.
Let’s keep her secret for a while and tell them that she is dead.
Let her be quiet with him, and I will be in the middle of all their meetings.
Let her be yours, because we do not have any daughter like that, and we will never see that face again.
Let her hang me.
Let her have your voice.
Tell her.
Let her join our kingdoms and our hearts, and never escape from our love again.
Do not let her say I am keeping you.
Do not let her walk in the sun.
Let her send it.
Let her witness it.
Let him rest for a while.
I remember how he is doing.
Leave him alone.
Let him answer me.
Let him appear to be from Antony.
Let him come.
Let him come.
Let him be Caesar.
If he does, I do not care.
Let him bless you.
Let him come in.
When he comes, I will not deny you anything.
Let him come, and please.
Let him command me, and I will be sorry for what he has ever done.
He will cry, “Praise and glory on his head!” He will go back and visit all his host, he will smile good morning
Let him do his job.
Let him fly far.
Let him go, and now he prefers Caesar’s request.
Let him go up to the public seat.
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Let him kill one of them first.
Let the matter slip and I will give him my gray horse Capilet.
Let him look at his contract.
Do not let him come near me.
Do not let him leave out the color of her hair.
Do not let him pass, but kill him.
Do not send him any more unless you come back to tell me how he is.
If he is ill, let him say something that I have not reserved for myself.
Let him hoist you up to the shouting crowds.
Let him thank me for sending him to the cave, because he was fitter in that place than the earth.
The man who loves me should strike me dead.
Let him write down the Prince’s officer’s “coxcomb.” Come, tie them up.
Let his shame drive him to Rome quickly.
Let housewife appear.
Let’s see how their wives feel.
Do not let it alone, you fool.
Let it be a secret.
Let it appear.
Let it be a fight between us, if you live.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be who it is.
Let it be eight and eight.
Let it come down.
Let it fall, even if the fork is in my heart.
Let it go all.
Let it go.
Do not let it go, Brutus.
I am not sure you are.
It is a good idea to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard.
Let life be short, and shame will be too long.
Lucius and Titinius should guard our door.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me ask you one word in private.
Let me be clear of you.
Let me be married to three kings before sunrise and widow them all.
Let me be put to death.
Let me be satisfied.
Let me be quiet.
Let me be your servant.
Please do not do so.
I will be able to fix it quickly, but it will be fine within an hour.
I will meet you ladies one hour later, and I will salute you, Grace of York, as a mother and reverend looker-on of two fair queens.
Let me ask her one question, and ask her to answer it by the kindly and loving power you have in her.
Let me come to her.
Let me follow you in this slur.
Let me deal with this.
Let me dispute your fate.
Let me embrace old Vincentio and go see your honest son, who will be happy with your arrival.
Let me endure your wrath if it is not true.
Let me enjoy my private life.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, sir, or I will knock you out of the storm.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me have a listener for a word or two.
Let me come to them right away, and I will rid you of the fear that plagues them.
Let me have surgeons.
Let me have your hand.
Let me hear what Agrippa has to say.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hire him too. Here is my sneezing.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here forever.
Let me love him for that, and you love him because I do.
Do not be ignorant, but tell me why your canonized bones, heard in death, have burst in their cerebrations.
Do not let me hinder you, Cassius.
Do not give it to you, you chaste stars, it is the cause.
Do not let me stay a jot for dinner.
I will not be able to live on this bare island by your spell, since the deceiver has pardoned my dukedom.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask you a particular question.
Let me tell him your sweet dependencies, and you will find a conqueror who will pray for kindness, where he has kneeled for grace.
Let me say “Amen” in time, so that the devil can cross my prayer.
Let me see them.
Let me see her.
Let me see his eyes so I can avoid seeing another man like him.
Let me see his face.
Let me see, I am sure.
Let me see the caper.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see, what do you think of falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me stop that.
Let me sit down.
Let me speak a little.
Let me speak like you and write a sentence that can help these lovers.
Let me say proudly: tell the constable we are only working day warriors.
Let me stand here until you remember your memory.
Let me keep his beard from growing if you do not delay me to recognize his chin.
Let me take away the things I am afraid of, not take fear.
Cassius, you have been condemned too harshly to have your hands sluted, to sell your offices to ourvers.
Let me wipe it out first.
Let me work.
Let me know what you are doing.
If I cannot live on land, I will be able to live on my own.
He will choose music.
It is not fair to think about Rosalind.
Do not trust any man like that.
Do not pretend to wear an undeserved dignity.
Do not let my worse spirit tempt me to die again before you please.
Do not let that doctor come near my house.
Do not let the heavens hear these women scold the Lord’s scolded lord.
Do not let the Nurse stay with you in your room.
Do not let the royal bed of Denmark be a couch for luxury and damned incest.
Let our heads know that tomorrow we will fight the last of many battles.
Let’s catch you sneering.
Let our officers know what we are doing.
Let’s remember our reciprocal vows.
She shook the holy water from her heavenly eyes and moistened her clamor.
She says, “Sonder is the only one who can marry her.”
Let’s get to Rome.
Some of my servants should be careful about him.
I will have to be sad if I ever hated you or your father.
We need to have specialties between us so that we can keep the agreement on both sides.
Let the woman take an older woman than herself.
Let the Egyptians and the Phoenics go a-ducking.
Let that be seen later, and I will see better at me.
Let’s leave the one who leaves itself.
Let that be your answer.
Let’s lock his doors so he can play the fool in his own home.
Close the garden door and leave me alone to hear what I am talking about.
Let the gods who are so savage about our lives find their enemies right away.
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, Laugh at his challenge.
Let the trumpet sound.
Let the world see how he is, and that your death will never happen.
Let their beds be as soft as yours, and let their palates be seasoned with such a sour cream.
Let their heads be slick and tanned, their blue coats brushed, and their shins are different.
Let them scolde you.
Let them be hunted well.
Let them start.
Let them come in front of the master constable.
Let them come in.
Let them curl with their left legs, and do not presume to touch a hair from my master’s horse-tail until they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Do not let them live to taste this fair land’s growth, which would wound this fair land’s peace with treason.
Let them play it.
They should fight again, because I see Octavius’s wings are a bit cold and a sudden push gives them the power to disarm.
Let this happen.
Let this fellow be nothing from our fight.
Let this sane hour be in the calendar.
Let your blood and spirit embrace them.
Let’s embrace it.
Let’s be a part of our fight against him.
Let’s be a jocund.
Let’s be sacrificers, but not butchers, Caius.
Let’s be satisfied.
Let’s take him to the court of guard.
Let’s come in, so we can bind him fast and bring him home for his recovery.
Let’s deal with it justly.
Let us die.
Let’s go in and take us there, and we will answer all your questions faithfully.
Let’s sit here on the church bench until two and then go to bed.
Let’s go, because it is after midnight, and if day comes, we will wake him up and be sure of him.
Let’s go.
Let’s hear him.
Let’s hear what Antony has to say.
Let’s hear, Bottom.
Let’s leave him.
Do not break with him, because he will never follow anything that other men have started.
Do not overwhelm our memories with a heaviness that has gone away.
Do not leave him out.
Let’s stay and watch it now.
Let’s put our lives in heaps.
Let’s live, live our souls, pay our debts, our wives, our children, and pay our sins to the king.
Let’s leave everything and give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Let’s hold the sword and, like good men, beg our downfall’s birthdom.
Let’s score their backs and catch them, as we take hares, behind.
Let’s see.
Let’s look for some shade of sand, and weep our sad bosoms empty.
Let’s sit and mock the good housewife Fortune so she can get her gifts equally.
Let’s swear that you are worthy of your breeding, which I do not doubt.
Let’s take the law of our sides.
So let’s eat and drink.
Let’s go to the field.
Let’s go to the great dinner.
Let’s go to the king.
Let’s go.
Let’s not be without your company, Lepidus.
Let the sane people get a little chaste.
Witchcraft will combine beauty and lust with both.
Leave your epilogue alone.
Your highness will command me to the level of duty I have to do with a sleeve that never ends.
Let your wedding be tomorrow.
Let’s all sink into the king’s seat.
Let’s go alone and do the murder first.
Let’s go and get our jewels and our wealth together, and then make the best choice and safest way to hide us from the pursuit that will take place after my flight.
Let’s get ready for a meeting in the hall.
Let’s call for help to get them back together again.
Let’s make him a dish that is right for the gods, not hew him as a hound carcass.
Let’s do that.
Let’s draw our swords.
Let’s follow it, and then do our best.
Let’s follow the old earl and get the king to take him wherever he wants to go.
Let’s follow him, Gertrude.
Let’s follow them.
Let’s go, good soldier.
Let’s do it, Grumio.
Let’s not have any more of this, let’s go to our affairs. Forgive us our sins!
Let’s have the tongs and the bones.
Let’s hear him, because the things he says may concern Caesar.
Let’s hear it.
Do not be disciplined, do not delay, because tomorrow is a busy day.
Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge, to cure this terrible grief.
Let’s meet as little as we can.
Let’s meet him and get him.
Let’s make the midnight bell mock.
Do not go get them.
Let’s see what is going on.
Let’s see here this gold-graved saying, “Who chooses me will get what many men want.”
Let’s see these pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s stab ourselves.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let’s leave him alone.
Let’s talk.
Let’s decide on our actions with the ancient of war.
It is not safe to come in to the cry without more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let’s go to billiards.
Let’s be happy tonight at our meal.
Let’s go, my lord.
Letters from Hamlet, my lord.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Do not spend a night away from home.
Do you lie on her?
Let them be buried on your hand and wiped out by them.
You are right here, and here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling.
Go there.
She is going to have a bad sleep.
Are you with her?
Are you in love with her?
Get me out of here and deliver me the key.
Life and these lips have been separated for a long time.
Life, living, everything is Death’s.
The fire will cause light, and fire will burn.
I will tie it up with my shirt.
Light, I say, light.
Light!
Lights, lights, lights!
Like a drowned man, a fool and a madman.
Like a baby with a midwife.
Do you like her?
I am standing as if I am a good lady, as I am doubtful whether anything I see is true until you have confirmed, signed, ratified
He was neither sad nor cheerful at all.
Lips, do not move; no man must know.
Listen to a brief story, and when it is written, my heart will burst.
Listen a minute.
Listen to his rhetoric about war, and you will hear a spooky battle played by music.
Listen, listen!
I couldn’t say “Amen,” when they said “God bless us!” Do not think about it so deeply.
Listen, but do not speak to it.
Did you say “No, no,” again?
Live a little, be comforted a little, and cheer up a little.
I will live a thousand years, but I will not be so ready to die.
You, I live.
Live, and then say that a madman told you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Is he still alive, uncle?
Is he still alive?
Is my sweet son alive?
Lives, sir.
Oh, you!
Oh, here she is.
I lie here, and I will never get up again.
On your cheek, the stain is a tear that has not been washed off yet.
Here is the necklace.
Oh, now, lo!
She is one of this kings.
Where he comes.
Here it comes again.
You are dead, and Titinius mourns it.
Locked in her tomb.
Long live the king!
Love does that.
I have been waiting for your husband to serve me in the wars, and I told you to speak with a prince when you made him master of your bed, to do all the good I could.
He has been there for a long time.
Longer, longer.
Look behind you, my lord.
God bless you, and on this couple you will drop a blessed crown.
Look how he has a lot of laughs already.
Look how he is going to visit Caesar.
Look at our partner’s rapt.
Look how the floor of heaven is thick and bright.
Look how you dream!
Look how your servants prepare you, each ready to beckon.
Look, Lord Dorset, as pale as the rest.
Look in my face.
Look in the almanac.
Look at the calendar and bring me word.
Look in on me and speak with me, or I will assault you, naked as I am.
Look like an innocent flower, but be like the snake that lies underneath it.
Look for a good example when the fool delivers the madman.
Look, you are sweet, and I am proof against their enmity.
Look at it, I tell you.
Look at it.
Look at her, Moor.
Look at my hats and furniture.
Look at the lady.
Look at the queen.
Look at your daughter, your house, your bags.
Look at a horn.
Look at Caesar.
Look what I have.
Look what I say, or think, or think to do, you are still crossing it.
Look, what has been done cannot be changed now.
Look, he has not turned his color and tears in his eyes.
Look, he is coming.
Look, it is coming again.
Look, she comes.
Look, here comes the youngest girl.
Look, they come.
Look who is coming here.
Look with your ears.
Are you going to have any other issue?
Look, here is the man who is being beaten, as you can see, by traitors.
Look, you are a young man and a young man who is celebrating his wedding.
Look, Cassio and my husband.
Captain Macmorris, if you take my mind out of what it is meant, I will think you do not use me to treat it like you should treat me.
Look, sad friends, the gods rebuke me, but it is a good idea to wash the eyes of kings.
Look, she loved her father, and so did I.
Look, sir, I was such a person I was present.
Look, the snake is not a good thing to trust, but it is not good.
Look, and you will see.
Don Pedro is back to seek you.
Look, he is recovering.
Look, he is scolded.
Look, he is wearing cruel garters.
Look, here comes someone who loves me and hers.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
Look, here I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she is.
Look how she rubs her hands.
Look, in this place ran Cassius’ dagger through.
Look, look, a mouse!
Look, look.
Look, love, what kind of envious streaks the clouds have created in the east.
Look, Lucius, here is the book I wanted to read.
Look, my lord, it is coming!
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
Look, sir, I am bleeding.
Look, they cry, and I am an ass.
When I promise you, I cry.
Look, here he comes.
Look, where she comes.
Look, where your love comes from.
Look, I will give him a spot.
Look, what kind of damage it takes to get rid of it.
Look!
Is he red or pale, sad or merrily?
Is he as young as he was the day he was wrestling?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost absolute Alexas, where is the soothsayer you praised so much to the Queen?
Lord Edmund did not speak with your lord at home?
Lord Hamlet, let’s hope he stays.
Lord Mayor, we have sent you the reason. Look back!
Lord of his fortune, he salutes you, and he has to live in Egypt, which he has not granted.
Lord of lords!
Lord, how have you changed?
Lord, what a beautiful story it looks like.
Lord, let me never have a reason to sigh until I have been brought to such a stupid place.
She will be a joyful woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals are!
Lord, what?
Lord, what is that?
Welcome Lorenzo and Salerio, if the young man who is interested in me here has the power to welcome you.
I am sure you are my love, and I am sure you are my love.
Thank you, Lorenzo, and your love.
Lorenzo, I will be able to handle my house until my lord returns.
Love cools, friendships break up, and brothers break up in cities.
Love will give me strength, and strength will help me.
Love is a madness, and I tell you, it deserves a dark house and a whip as madmen do.
Love does not look like a person with eyes, but with mind.
I will either have it or I will have none.
What is the news of love?
Love made these miracles.
Love, and be friends as two men like you should be.
Love and tongue-tied simplicity are all in my capacity.
Love?
Love’s heroes should be thoughts, which glide ten times faster than sunbeams.
Love is not love when it is mingled with matters that are different from the whole point of view.
If love is blind, it is best to agree with night.
Lovers, make a moan.
Lovers, go to bed.
Lucentio is your name.
Lucentio, sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, ask the commanders to prepare for their meeting tonight.
Lucius, awake.
Lucius, who is that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!
Lurk, lurk.
Lysander and I will fly this place.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, speak again.
Lysander, where are you going to do all this?
Lysander’s love, who would not let him go, is a savage night than all the fiery oes and light.
This is not the first, and if you crush this little, you would bow to me, because every one of these letters is in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
Why, that is what begins my name?
Macbeth is coming.
Macbeth is ready to shake, and the above commands are on their instruments.
Macbeth will never be beaten until Birnam Wood returns to Dunsinane Hill.
Macbeth!
Macbeth! If I had three ears, I would hear you.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and your noble son is missing.
We are going to die in our graves with a squeak machination, hollowness, treachery, and all the ruined things.
I am calling it mad, because I try to define true madness. What is it that I am only going to be insane?
Are you mad about your love?
My interpreter, what does she say?
Madam wife, they say I have dreamed and slept more than fifteen years.
Madam, think about the young prince your son.
Do you understand?
Good hope, madam.
Good night, madam.
Good night, madam.
Madam, he is married to Octavia.
Madam, he is well.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, here comes my lord.
His majesty wants you, and your Grace, and yours, my noble lords.
How are you doing this play?
Madam, I am here.
Madam, I accept your offer very well.
Madam, I am not well.
Madam, I am coming to ask you to think about his behalf.
Madam, I am going fast.
Madam, I would rather kiss my lips than speak to my own danger.
I would rather, if I could tell you, your lady, you do not love her husband.
Madam, I have a touch of your condition that cannot be reprimanded.
Madam, I heard her speak.
I am sure, madam, not so.
I will, madam.
I will, madam.
I will, madam.
I wish it were.
Madam, I will leave.
If you could find a man who has a poison, I would temper it so that Romeo will sleep quietly soon.
What day is that?
In Rome, madam.
Madam, it fell out of place so quickly that certain actors we were on the way.
Madam, madam, Antonio is dead!
No, not now.
No, not yet.
Madam, oh good Empress!
Madam, still sleeps.
Madam, I am so successful in my work and in my wars, that I will do more good to you and yours
Madam, the Count Orsino’s young gentleman is back.
Madam, there is a young gentleman at the gate who wants to speak with you.
Please undress you and come to bed now.
What should I do?
I love you with all my heart.
I love you with all my heart.
You are a big fan of this.
Madam, go away. The Prince, the Count, Signior Benedick, Don John, and all the men who are in the town are coming to bring you to church.
Madam, he swears he will speak with you.
You have wronged me, you have wronged me.
You have to come to your uncle.
Your mother wants to speak with you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Did I make him king for this?
Did it work for me?
Didn’t she ask any questions?
I made you my guardians, my guardians, but I kept a reservation to follow with such a number.
Did you have any offense more than what you are talking about?
Madman and beggar too.
You are dead, madman.
Maid’s mild behavior and sobriety.
Keep a candlelight vigil, hang mournful epitaphs on your family’s grave, and do all the rites that are applicable to a burial.
Make a short break.
Make all the money you can.
Be sure to.
Go ahead.
Make room for yourself.
Hurry up, I say.
Hurry up, so I will not hear your ears before it is out.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Hurry up.
She weeps.
Make him believe you are Sir Topas the curate.
Make it a word and a blow.
Do not make it look like it has been destroyed.
Tell me.
Make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul inside the house.
Do not offended me by your distrust.
Make me see it, or at least prove it, so that no one can stand up to you in a doubt or be angry.
Do not compare that love a woman can bear me with my love for Olivia.
Do not delay.
Do not make any noise, do not make any noise.
Be quiet with God, because you have to die, my lord.
Make that good.
Make the doors open on a woman’s wit, and it will not be a case.
You are fighting in constant battle.
You should get a lot of money from me.
Make people who are wrong to you too suffer.
Make your eyes start from their spheres, and your locks twisted to part, and each hair stand on end like quills on the fearful porridge.
Make us your ministers of chastisement so we can praise you for your victory.
Let’s march towards Birnam.
Make you happy.
Make use of this word best.
Make your vows sound, and it will please me.
Are you making this shameful day your day?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, are stolning away and fleeing, which makes them a slander of the deed.
Malcolm!
Malvolio is coming down the path.
Many of the men who have sold their lives have only left my house to see.
Many men would take you at your word and go, even if you were so good.
He has been seen many times a morning, with tears sighing over the dew, adding to the clouds.
Good morning, my noble lord.
They have made many moves in Italy. The sea borders are not bloody enough to think about it.
Many times, madam.
Many people will be swooning when they are looking for blood.
March on to meet him calmly.
We are up in arms, if not to fight foreign enemies, but to beat down these rebels at home.
March to the bridge.
Is Marcus Luccicos still in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius are for sea.
Maria told me she was affecting me, and I have heard her coming near me saying that if she wants to, it should be one of my complexions.
Marian, I say.
I served Mark Antony, who was the best person to be served.
Mark Antony is at dinner in Egypt and will not be able to wage war without doors.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I am not well, and I will stay at home for your humor.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, take Caesar’s body.
Mark Antony, should we give signs of battle?
Mark him.
Explain the situation and the situation.
Listen to how he trembles in his ecstasy.
Listen to the story of the tyrant.
Do not worry, uncle.
Please, Mark me.
Please, Mark me.
Listen to the music.
Mark well, Metellus Cimber.
Do it immediately, and do it as I have set it down.
I would not sooner have given these men the chance to trust their heels, but the Norweyan lord, who was snatching the opportunity with fury
Didn’t you see how the queen’s guilty relatives looked pale when they heard of Clarence’s death?
Give them to your heirs.
It is enough.
Well, and I did.
I will do it tomorrow morning if I am alive.
As for Clarence, he has been well repaid for his actions.
Turn down and down to the Jew’s house.
Before he fell down, when he saw the commonsmen were glad he refused the crown, he pulled me off his doublet and offered them his
I swear, before you are your lady, she puts her tongue in her heart and makes her cry.
I will bet my hand if it is a reason to be afraid of you.
Come on, I will trow.
I do, sir, and I have come to tell you something.
I think the duke has never lost a man, but a man who likes to be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph.
God should not say no to us.
God forbid!
He told me so himself, and he said he did not care who knew it.
God forbid!
God forbid!
Here is a wise man and a fool. That is a wise man and a fool.
I am farewell, for I am cheering a lot.
I remember it well.
I saw your niece do more favors to the Count’s servant than she ever gave to me.
I will do it, and it is wisely done.
I would not do such a thing for a ring, for lawnwear, for gowns, petticoats, caps, or any other small exhibition.
I will teach you.
If the playwright had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe’s robe, it would have been a fine tragedy.
It is your brother’s right hand.
My child, at Saint Peter’s Church early Thursday morning, the gallant, young gentleman The County Paris will happily make you a
My uncle Clarence’s angry ghost.
Now I can tell.
Now that I let go of your hand, I am barren.
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
He won it from me once before, with false dice.
Please, patience, or I will say you are all in a spleen, and nothing of a man.
It is a peace and love and a quiet life, and supremacy is right.
You are better employed and naughty for a while.
Sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
Sir, you are a rule as plain as Father Time’s bald head.
You gave me this gift for nothing.
She is in her buttocks, sir.
I will go back to you, sir.
She is the kitchen rotten, and I do not know how to make her a lamp of her own and run away by her own light.
They have been slandering a lady, and a third have been slandering her, and they have been lying in a row.
They praise me and make me look like an idiot, and now my enemies tell me I am an idiot.
I would like to ask my old master, the Jew, to attend tonight with my new master, the Christian.
Dear sir, get a husband for her sister.
We say we are not.
I am a big fan of needle and thread.
The Duke of Exeter is the master of the cliffs.
I am my partner and I am my partner.
That is Hero!
Don John had given him a thousand dollars for wrongfully accusing the Lady Hero.
I would rather be honest than wit.
I think that is young Petruchio.
They say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust of bread at two hours old.
This is a snobby.
That is it, sir.
You are wrong, you sembler, you.
We were sent for the justices.
Good luck.
Well said, well said.
Yes, sir.
You may hope your father does not get you, and you are not the Jew’s daughter.
Oh, you manhood, you mew!
The hot minion of Mars is back.
What wonderful music!
I thought I would follow a scab, and my elbow slid.
Well, and well said.
Master Constable, you are not going to go the way to look for him.
Master Fer.
Master Malvolio?
Young man, what is the way to the Jews house?
You, master young man, please tell me which way to go to the Master Jew?
Master, for my hand, both of our inventions are capable of snatch up and jump in one.
Go on, master, and I will follow you to the last gasp with truth and loyalty.
Master, here is the money you sent me for.
Master, I am here to pay you a debt.
Master, if you do, expect a long spoon of meat.
Master, is this Satan’s mistress?
Master, knock hard at the door.
Master, master, look at you.
Master, master!
Master, do you mean that?
Master, should I be a porter at the gate?
Some show to welcome us to town.
Master, you looked at the maiden so long, but you did not know what is going on.
Go ahead, my lord.
Master, masters, I am sure you are right.
Please, my lord, do not speak, we charge you, let us obey you.
Please play here, my help is very helpful.
Master, the duke is coming from the temple, and there are two or three more lords and ladies married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, and Ginn.
May your highness sit down.
Would you please your Majesty give us permission to do what we are responsible for, or would we show you far away from the Dauphin’s meaning and our
Can a man do it?
She may be fake.
Can I be bold in thinking about these spirits?
Can I know?
I will never dream of a good man, which is so fair, but I will never dream of a good man.
Can I make this claim with good and good conscience?
Can it be done?
Can’t one say something?
Can a man be forgiven and keep the promise of justice?
Can she give that back?
Can we go?
Can we do that?
Can you help me?
Maybe he is not well.
Maybe the letter moved him, because I think they are going to bring him home and supplurging Cassio to do his job.
Do you think so?
I will stand up and feel like a pretty piece of flesh.
Me, a grot?
My library was large enough to be dukedom.
Me, uncle?
Do you mean his majesty?
Do you want to enjoy him?
In the meantime, stop, and let yourself be a slave to patience.
God gives us the support we need from you.
I would ask Romeo if he came here tonight to help take her from her borrowed grave.
We have been grateful for your hard work.
I have been able to do you good and do you want me to.
Have patience.
We will be greeted by a group of slain slaves who have greased their aprons, greased their hammers, and a savage sword.
Meet me and Gratiano at his house in an hour.
Meet me at the citadel.
Meet us at the palace.
Melt Egypt into the Nile, and kindly creatures turn everything into snakes.
Some men are masters of their fate.
Men can sleep, and they can have their throats about them at that time.
Men should not go out walking too late.
Men will behave unawarely sometimes, and after hours they will have the opportunity to repent.
Men should be what they seem to be, or anyone who does not seem to be there would be no one.
Men who risk it all hope to be good.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run as if it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to see them, and let them see.
Menas, I will not be on shore.
Mend the example, shepherd.
Mend when you can.
Mend your speech a little, so you do not have to worry about your fortune.
Mend me, you sane fellow?
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers, keep away the sluts that make me feel like I am reliant on nature.
Mercutio, you are in contact with Romeo.
Count Paris is Mercutio’s heir.
Mercy is about murders, pardoning those who kill.
Mercy, mercy!
He is a soldier.
It is good that the young prince will fly to London with little help to be crowned our king.
Messala, I have received letters that young Octavius and Mark Antony have come down on us with a powerful power.
Messala, this is my birthday, as Cassius was born on this day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
I think he is in love.
I believe his words are so passionate that he believes himself.
I think I could not die anywhere as happy as in the king’s company, whose cause is just and honorable.
I think I do.
I think I have a great desire to drink a bottle of hay.
I think I hear Antony call me.
I think I see my cousin’s ghost looking for Romeo, who spit his body on a rapier’s point.
I think you are lying low now, and you are as low as someone dead in the bottom of a tomb.
I think I should know you and know this man.
I think it is like a weasel.
I think our clothes are as fresh as they were when we put them on in Africa.
I do not think a long one would be enough for a so bad Pyramus.
Sometimes I think I am not a Christian or a normal man.
I think the ground is a bit rough.
I think the wind has spoken loudly on land, and that no blast has shook our battlements.
I think they are a kind nation that, only for the sake of the mountain of madness.
I think your voice has changed, and you speak better than you did.
I think you are my glass, not my brother.
I think you are getting too angry late.
I think you are better off talking about it.
I think your mother should be your clock, like mine, and strike you home without a messenger.
I do not think you have any reason to say that, my mistress.
I always thought I had a ghost, and I always tried to give it to my soul, but the flood shook my soul and did not let it go to find the empty, vast, and
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Don’t let it go!
I thought I would be worse off than the mutines in the bilboes.
I thought the wind was talking to me, the wind sounded to me, and the thunder, like an awful organ pipe, sounded Prosper
I thought their bodies Richard murdered came to my tent and cried on victory.
I saw a thousand fearful wrecks, a thousand men who gnawed on fish, a heap of gold, great anchors, heaps of gold, and
I thought I had broken from the Tower and was on a journey to Burgundy with my brother, who tempted me to walk on the hatches from my cabin
Michael Cassio, lieutenant of the Moor Othello, is coming on shore.
Good night, Michael.
Milan and Naples have more widows in them than we bring men to comfort them.
I am sorry to think about it.
My father and I have never killed you, and neither of you have killed me.
I have to get it out of my ear.
Thank you, and I brought my ear to your sound.
I couldn’t see any more.
I am itching, is that a good sign of weeping?
I did not give my honor, but I was conquered.
I have beaten them to their beds.
I will be out of control when they are dry, for Romeo’s banishment.
I am talking about seventy senators who died by their decrees, one being Cicero.
Mine was not bridled.
I wish I were human, sir.
My fortune will be wasted, and the rest will be gone tonight.
I am not a good cause.
You are a man, minion.
Your dear lies dead, and your fate is coming.
Miranda, my father, I have broken your heart to say that.
Miscreant!
Miserable England, I am telling you the most frightening time that everwretched times have been.
Misery is familiar to a man with strange bedfellows.
Do not misunderstand me.
Do not misunderstand it.
Mistress and master, you have often asked the shepherd who complained of love who stood by me standing on the grass, praising the proud disdainful shepherdess who was his mistress.
Mistress, do you still talk?
Mistress, both the man and the master are possessed.
Please hurry, and get out of our court.
What do you mean by that?
Mistress, you know.
Mistress, I tell you the truth of my life.
We have, sir.
What cheer?
Mistress, you have to come away to see your father.
Mistress, your father asks you to leave your books and help decorate your sister’s room.
Mistress!
Mistress!
The “moblèd queen” is good.
Do not bother, Enobarbus.
He is called Modo and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
I am giving you money.
Money is your request.
The Princess is calling for you, Monsieur the challenger.
Monster, come, put some lime on your fingers and get the rest of it out.
Monster, I smell like horse piss, which is causing my nose to sneeze.
Monster, I will kill this man.
Monster, lay to your fingers.
Your fairy, which you say is harmless, has not done much better than playing the jack with us.
Monstrous!
Montague!
Montjoy.
Moody?
Moon and stars!
Mooncalf, speak once in your life, if you are a good mooncalf.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
More company!
More knocking.
More and more light.
More and more sorrowful.
More matters for a May morning.
More about this later.
I cannot tell you anything more about this.
It is a little sad that the eagle is mewed while the wolves are free to kill.
They will speak more, because I am determined to know the worst by the worst means.
I will not speak for myself.
I never thought about anything more to know.
More valid, more honorable, and more courtship lives in flies than Romeo.
You are more villain than you. Well, push him out of the doors and let my officers make big impact on his house and land.
I will do more, though I cannot do anything worth it since my penitence has been over.
What is even better when angels are so angry?
More, Domitius: My lord wants to see you now.
More, please, more.
More, more, please, more.
Since we were waiting so long to see you, we were rushing to use you.
He has left you all his private gardens and new-planted orchards on this side of Tiber.
Moreover, ask him to use his hateful luxury and bestial appetite to change his lust, which stretched to their servants, daughters, wives,
Morton has fled to Richmond, and Buckingham, backed by the hardy Welshmen, is on the field.
My absolute lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
If you are her, you are a usurp yourself.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am sure.
Yes, I am sure.
Yes, I am sure.
Every single day.
You are ruined by cruel, cruel Death.
The best accomplished lady, the heavens rain odors on you.
Most gracious Duke, give me a letter to my lord and let me find a letter in your voice that will make me happy.
Most gracious majesty!
Very happy!
I beg the court to give the verdict.
The heat is so hot and gross!
It is a very sad day.
Most high, most powerful, and most powerful Caesar, Metellus Cimber, has thrown a humble heart over your seat.
Most kind messenger, tell great Caesar this in deputation: I kiss his conqu’ring hand.
A judge who learned a sentence.
It looks like a gentleman.
I am very happy.
Most people agree that we have first come to words, and that is why we have sent our papers for this purpose.
Most mighty Caesar, give me some reason so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them so.
Most mighty Duke, look at someone who has been wronged.
Most mighty Duke, please tell me to speak.
Most mighty sovereign, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
You are a libertine, as sensual as the sting itself, and all your savages and headed evils that you have caught would disgorge into the general world.
It was the most miserable hour of his life that he had ever seen in his life.
You can see the monsters for poor, poor, and dolts, and let Octavia plow your face with her nails.
What a horrible thing, oh!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you have done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Most noble Empress, have you heard of me?
Most noble sir, come on.
What a beautiful, exquisite and unmatchable beauty. Please tell me if this lady is the one who lives in the house, because I never saw her.
Most reverend signior, do you recognize my voice?
The most rightful judge.
Most royal majesty, I do not want to do anything more than you have offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance has been scaped.
Most savage and unnatural.
The most shallow man.
I am very happy.
It is true and vulgar.
Most sweet lady, it is a good doctrine, and there is much to say about it.
That is true.
That is true, so be sure to do it well.
Most vilely, like a pedant who keeps a school in the church.
Welcome home!
What a wonderful thing!
Motley is the only one to wear.
Moved,” in good time.
I am a young, sweaty devil here, who is rebeling.
Goodbye, scald king, heartily.
There is a lot of breeding that, like the courser’s hair, has only life, and not a snake’s poison.
That is what I will see.
Muffle me, night, for a while.
Well, then, and no more.
Murder and treason!
Murder is the worst, as it is in the best way possible.
Murder, murder!
Murder!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius have been punished for pulling scarfs off Caesar’s image.
Music is in the air.
Music like this makes you sleep.
Musicians.
Music!
We have music, moody food, which we love.
Should I bite?
Shouldn’t she be answered?
Is there any more work to be done?
Mustardseed.
In countries of discord, in palaces of treason, and the bond between son and father.
Mutton?
I am humble then.
My arm is sore.
My babes were destined for a better life if you had blessed you with a better life.
My back is on the other side.
My banquet is to close our stomachs after our great good cheers.
Caesar, what did I do to you when I was in Egypt?
I will do my best to do this.
My best way is to creep under his sleeve.
My debt to the Jew is forfeited.
My bones would rest in the hands of those who only worked to get up to this hour.
I will be in my books and instruments company, so I can look and practice them myself.
I am telling you to not know me until the time comes, and I think you are meeting.
My love is as boundless as the sea, and my love is as deep.
My brave spirit!
My breath and blood.
My brother, your uncle Antonio, I beg you to tell me.
My brother Gloucester’s voice. Yes, I know your mistake.
My brother has a daughter, almost the same as my child, and she is heir to both of us.
My brother is in Elysium.
My brother did not kill any man, but he thought he was wrong, and yet he was a bitter death.
My brother never told me to do that.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my rage are all related.
My brother’s servants were my fellow servants.
I will go to the rest of the party, out of hope for all except my part.
I only wanted to get you from the martin’s home to your house, the Phoenix, to dinner.
My charity is outraged, my life is my shame, and in that sense I am still angry.
My charms do not crack, my spirits are obeying me, and the way he rides is running.
I will break my spells, my senses will be restored, and they will be themselves.
My child is still a stranger in the world.
My child is my only life, go look up, or I will die with you.
My children too?
My clerk has some good comforting news for you.
I am glad that old age, that poor layer of beauty, cant ruin my face more.
My countryman, but I do not know him.
My countrymen, let’s go!
My cousin is Signior Benedick of Padua.
My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin is a fool, and you are another.
My creditors are getting cruel.
I curse her.
My dagger, little cousin?
My daughter, he is wedded.
My daughter tells us everything.
My daughter.
My daughter’s mother thinks of it.
My lord, you know the fiery qualities of the duke, how unremovable and stable he is in his own way.
My dear master, my captain, my emperor, let me say before I strike this violent strike: goodbye.
My dear Othello!
My dearest sister.
My dearest cousin and my dearest lord?
My dearest cousin, I beg you to go to school yourself.
My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.
I will be repainted soon.
I have done my deeds on my head.
My sane voyage is just a matter of extravagance.
I have to act alone in my terrible situation.
My door is locked.
I am mistaken for my dukedom to be a beggarly denier.
I cannot be able to obey all of your daughters hard orders.
My duty is to be hushed.
I will speak to you both, the great kings of France and England.
My duty, madam, and my humble service.
My estate is very low.
My noble cousin, welcome here.
My excellent good friends!
I will smear my face with filth, scold my loins, and scold my hair in knots, and face the winds and the persecution of the sky.
My fair Bianca, welcome my father, while I welcome you with the same kindness as you.
My dear Rosalind, I am within an hour of my promise.
My lord, this must be done quickly.
My falcon is empty and sharp now, and until she stoops, she will not be full-gorged.
My fan, Peter.
My father told you to give me a good education.
My father and mother were surrounded by the dragon’s tail, and my nativity was under Ursa Major.
My father is dead, and I am lucky.
My father had a daughter who loved a man as much as I could. If I were a woman, you would be a woman.
My father is hardworking.
My father is not dead for all your words.
My father loved Sir Rowland as much as his soul loved him, and my father loved everything in the world.
My father was not a traitor.
My father is watching.
My father, I think I see my father.
My father, led by a poor ruler?
My father is going toward the marketplace.
My father’s death has dishonored you.
The loss of my father, my weakness, all my friends’ wracks, and all the threats to this man, whom I am afraid, are all light to me.
My father’s love is enough to honor him.
My fathers spirit is in arms.
Pardon me, sovereign, for my fault, but not my body.
My fool sourps my body.
My friend, your husband, Iago, I am honest, honest.
My friends told me the same thing, and I did not think so.
My Cesario?
My friends, listen!
My friends, I will leave you until nighttime.
Eros, your captain is now even a body like that.
My lord.
My lords, I am all right.
My noble king, my friend, Sir Edward Courtney, his haughty brother, and many more confederates with arms.
My gracious king.
My grandmother told me he was murdered there.
My hair is fading to hear her curses.
My heart is sorry for your daughter’s death, but I was honoured to say that she was charged with nothing but truth.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
My heart tries to pray for him, even though my tongue curses him.
My hearty friends, you take me in too bad a sense, because I told you for your comfort that you wanted to burn tonight with torches.
My dear lord!
I am almost here when I will be forced to burn myself to the flames.
My house was at the Phoenix.
My husband is on earth, and I am in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, and my sons often were tossed for me to rejoice in their losses.
My husband said she was false.
My husband?
My husband.
My husband.
My husband?
My devoted servant, Ariel.
I am fair and honest.
My kind Antonio, I cannot answer anything but thanks and thanks, and ever thanks.
My lady told me that while she treats you like a king, she does not care about your troubles.
My lady was responsible for this.
My Lady Grey’s wife, Clarence, is the one who tempers him to this extreme.
My lady is white, and the Myrmidons are not a bottle-ale house.
My lady is inside, sir.
My lady will hang you for not leaving me.
My lady would not lose him for more than I will say.
My language.
My lord, we ask you to explain the reasons why the French law either should or shouldn’t stop us from defending ourselves.
My leg is cut in two.
My leisure is for me now, my pensive daughter.
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.
My freedom.
My liege and madam, to expostulate what the king should be, what the king is, what the king is obligated to, why the day is day, night is night, and why
My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, who has struck the glove that your Majesty took from Alençon’s helmet.
I am not a liege, I am not good at telling anything, and I am not disturbed by the effects of wine or by a heady rash
My liege, they have not come back yet.
My liege, this was my glove.
My liege, your highness may help me.
My liege.
My life is run by his compass.
I am still alive, even if you are young, and I am looking for something that it loves.
I will leave my life on faith.
I would rather die by their hatred than by dying, because I wanted to love you.
My life will be too short and I will fail every single thing.
My life, sir.
Look, my little spirit sits in a frighten cloud waiting for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
My Lord Bassanio and my lady, it is time for us to cry, “Good joy, good joy, my lord and lady!” My
My lord and master love you.
My lord and you were at Mantua.
My lord is approaching.
Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who pleaded for it, and deserved it too.
Bassanio, bring the ring.
Bassanio, we will leave you after you have found Antonio.
My Lord Constable, are those stars or suns on it?
My Lord High Constable, the English are within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My lord is dead.
My lord is not my lord, and I would not know him if he was as good a man as he was in humor.
My lord is often so, and he has been since he was a child.
My lord, it is time to do it.
My lord of Burgundy.
My Lord of Cambridge, my kind Lord of Masham, and you, my gentle knight, give me your thoughts.
My lord of Gloucester has sent him to the country.
My lord of Gloucester, I have been making up your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness for too long.
My Lord of Norfolk, here is the most gracious liege.
My lord of Orléans, and my lord high Constable, are you talking about horse and armor?
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, and you, Sir Walter Herbert, will stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen at the very bottom.
My Lord of Warwick, come a treason that will come to light on you.
My lord Sebastian, you are talking about the truth without much time and patience.
My lord will never be restrained, I will watch him tame and talk to him about his behavior.
What time is it?
My lord, I know what to do.
From head to foot, my lord.
Good morning, my lord.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he just left.
My lord, he is going to his mother’s closet.
My lord, his majesty told me to tell you he has put a big bet on you.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I am for you, though it took me ten nights to watch.
My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.
My lord, I cannot.
My lord, I will give you the gift, my due by promise, for which your honor and your faith are pawned.
My lord, I did intend to do it.
My lord, I did, but I did not answer it.
My lord, I do not know that I cried.
My lord, I swear, do not swear.
My lord, I have been thinking about the request you made for me to be in.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I have been able to remember your name for a long time.
Yes, my lord.
My lord, I am as precious as you do yours, and I have never been so proud of myself when I was so precious to you.
My lord, I do not know what is going on, but I am sure your highness will not be treated with the affection that is ceremonious.
My lord, I will reply amazingly, half sleep, half wake up.
My lord, I am leaving.
My lord, I think I saw him there for the first time.
My lord, I assure you that we will play our part as he thinks he is not less than we say.
My lord, I will not.
My lord, I will use them like a desert.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
My lord, I will tell you that the bill of the king was just as good as the one that was written in the eleventh year of the king’s reign.
In Athens, my lord.
My lord, Mark Antony, hearing that you were prepared for war, I heard my grieving ear, and I asked his pardon for returning.
My lord, I beg the humbly king to lead the humbly king on my knee.
My lord, my lord, I will not hear you.
My lord, my lord, I will prove it on his body if he does not dare to.
My lord, my lord!
My lord, that would dishonor him.
My lord, the army of great Buckingham.
My lord, the enemy is passing the marsh.
My lord, the first time I saw him, I thought he was your daughter’s brother.
My lord, the mayor of London is here to greet you.
My lord, the queen wants to speak with you right away.
My lord, the rooster, at whom you were so often tempted to laugh, is also missing.
My lord, no need for apology.
My lord, they are waiting for you to give your daughter away to her husband.
My lord, this would not happen in Venice, though I would swear I saw it.
My lord, we are on the platform where we are watching.
My lord, we were sent for.
My lord, we will not.
My lord, what are you going to do?
My lord, when I arrived at their home, I gave them your letters.
My lord, whoever goes to the prince, for God’s sake, do not let us two at home.
My lord, you know I love you.
My lord, you nod.
My lord, you once loved me.
My lord, you will rule my mind for a moment.
My lord, your nobles, who are jealous of your absence, are looking for you in your camp.
My lord, your promise is for the earldom of Richmond.
My lord!
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord.
My lord.
My lord.
My love approves him so much that even his stubbornness, his pity, and his frowns—Prie, unpin me—have grace and favor.
I am going to teach you my love.
I think you are my love, my love.
My love, my life, my soul, beautiful Helena!
My maid Nerissa and I will live as maids and widows.
My master calls me.
My master has ordered me to go to Saint Lukes to ask the priest to come against you with your appendix.
My master is getting angry.
My master is the great and rich Capulet, and if you do not belong to the house of Montagues, please come and drink a cup
My master is walking in the street.
My master will be here early morning.
My master, my lord.
My master is not a master, but he is not a master.
My master is a very Jew.
My master’s mind.
My master’s house.
My masters, are you crazy?
My message is not for you, my lady.
My men should call me lord. I am your goodman.
My mind has been as big as one of you, my heart as great, and my reason perhaps even more important than bandy words.
My mind has changed.
I have never thought of more mercenary.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
My mistress is murdered in her bed. Oh, heaven forbid!
My mistress showed me you and your dog and your bush.
My mistress is in love with a monster.
My dearest mistress, and I am humble ever.
My mistress,” I said.
I have been thrown over tonight, and I think I will have so much experience.
My particular concern is Fulvia’s death, and that you should protect me from the worst.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear lord!
My most exquisite Sir Topas!
My mother.
My sword is out of sight.
My name is Edgar, and I am your father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
My name is Macbeth.
My lords are on their way.
I could have told you my news later.
I will give you the fruits of that great feast.
My niece already thinks he is insane.
My niece, Plantagenet, was hung in the hand by her kind aunt, Gloucester.
My niece will take note of it, and I am sure there is no love-broker in the world who can be more than a woman praise him
My noble brother!
My noble father, I think this is a separate duty.
My noble girls!
My noble lord, what do you say, Iago?
My noble lords and relatives, good morning.
My uncle, do you know the cause?
My lord?
My old bones are acheing.
My old brain is troubled.
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
My other self, my prophet, my dear cousin, I will go to Ludlow as a child.
My own flesh and blood will rebel.
My title, and my perfect soul will be my gifts.
My people will recognize you and Jessica in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My powers are growing, and my savage hope is that it will become full power.
My prayers, you sneering?
Please, my precious Queen, and prove his love for you.
Now, my business is calling me away from you.
My pretty cousins, you are mistaken for me both.
I am a horse of that color.
My goals are very important to me.
My quaint Ariel, listen to your ear.
My Queen and Eros have given me courage in their brave instruction.
My Regan is very helpful.
I will throw it out.
I am free of any offense committed against any man.
My reputation, Iago, my reputation.
I will trust my resolution and my hands, none of which is about Caesar.
I have been told to do my job, and there is nothing of a woman in me.
My royal cousin, do you teach our princess English?
My lord, you do not give the cheer you deserve.
I was a green man, cold in blood, and a cold man.
My servant, sir.
My services to your lord.
I will out-tongue his complaints.
My ships come home a month before the day.
My sickness is getting worse.
My eyes were always thick.
My sister would be much more likely to have her gentleman abused and assaulted for a while.
My son was a rare friend of mine, but I still think of him.
My soul tells me Hero is being lied to, and that Claudio will know; so will the Prince and all who dishonor her.
My soul is full of sorrow.
My soul is heavy, and I am afraid I will sleep.
My soul will keep you from heaven.
My soul, not my child.
My lord, I beg your Highness to take our brother Clarence to your advantage.
My spirits are nimble.
I am all bound up in my spirits, as in a dream.
My stomach is not constant.
My strange self-abuse is the reason for fear.
I am asking her to get some access to Desdemona.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet mistress weeps when she sees me work, and says such a good man would never have been like an executor.
My sword is drawn.
My sword, I say.
I will put it down so that one can smile and smile and be a villain.
My story is about that.
I will tell you how Benedick is in love with Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, they will be earls, the first earls to be named in such an honor.
I am a hypocrite.
My uncle?
My hair is muted, because the whites are reaffirming the brown for rashness, and they are afraid and doting.
I would rather seal my death than repeat my shame to my shame.
My villainy?
My visor is the roof of the king, and inside the house is Jove.
My voice is in my sword.
My voice is now the king’s voice, and I look like my own.
My voice is ragged.
I have to go to his house and tell his wife that he rushed into my house and took my ring away.
My lord, I am a sailor.
My wife is coming.
My wife was killed too?
I will, not all the world.
My wit has deteriorated.
I am starting to turn my wits around.
My wits are faint.
My words are as peaceful as matter.
My words are dull.
My words would give her my love, and his words would give her my love.
My worthy Cawdor!
My noble lord, your noble friends do not have you.
My young master is expecting your comment.
My young memory cannot be parallel to a fellow.
Myself is Naples, who has never seen the king my father wracked.
I have converted to what I am doing to you and yours.
I have written the same letter.
I am the enemy I have been.
I am scolded, Heaven and God keep me from happy hours, Day, and night rest, and I will not be opposite all the planets of good luck to my actions
I am the man in the moon. This is the greatest error of all.
I ate with him and my sister today.
Myself?
I am asleep, Iago, and I do not mean anything.
Name Cleopatra, as she is called in Rome.
Name him.
Name the day of marriage, and God will bless you.
Name them.
Tell me what part I am going to play, and then proceed.
Nathaniel’s coat was not fully made, and Gabriel’s pumps were unpinked on the heel.
You are in a position to be confined to his prison.
Nature distilled Helen’s cheek, but not her heart, Cleopatra’s majesty, and Lucretia’s modesty.
Nature wants things to be strange and fancy, but imagine an Antony would be the piece of nature’s own, conjuring shadows perfectly.
We will have to know the truth.
I am not a victim of their own crimes, but a victim of mine.
It has been a long time since we have been able to get everything we wanted.
No, a naughty lady, these hairs you snuck out my chin will get stuck and you will accuse me.
Come on, come on, and get angry.
No, then, I will not.
No, then, I will run.
No, then, let the devil wear black, because I will wear a suit of sables.
Yes, Iras.
It does not matter what he says in Latin.
No, it is twice two months, my lord.
If I tell you that, I will never look at you again.
If there were two men like me, we would not have any of them soon, because one would kill the other.
No, if you cannot smile as the wind spits, you will be cold in the near future.
If you are a cursed hypocrite once, you have to be careful.
If you are so late, do not come to see me again.
If you do not want me to, I will take my heels.
No, and I will.
No, and I am very much.
No, they do not.
Do not be afraid, Cleopatra.
No, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she has been wronged, she has been slandered, she has been thrown away.
No, but he scolded and scolded you in such a scolding and provoking terms that I had to absolve him.
No, listen to me.
No, but his stinging spirit, which has now crept into a liar and now is governed by stops.
No, but he loves Mark Antony so much.
No, but tonight I am barring you.
I know who loves him.
No, but I am sure he is doing it.
No, but swear.
No, but I am mocking myself.
No, but this slander of our general’s slanders is the measure.
But who is it?
No, but Ophelia, please stop.
No, by my Lady, I am not a fool to think what I list, nor to think what I can, and I cannot think, if I
No, by my Lady, I think he cannot.
No, by Saint Jamy, I hold you a penny.
No, I have heard that the pyramises of the Ptolemies are very good.
Come back, Kate.
Come again.
Come, please, give me the necklace.
Come on, please.
Come on, Kate.
No, come on, let’s go together.
No, do not stop, because I killed King Henry.
Do not fight with us, good old man.
No, I will see the church on your back, and then I will go back to my master’s.
No, please, do not let me play a woman.
No, for a need, come near my person so far. Tell them when my mother was married to that insatiable Edward, noble York, my
No, go ahead, old man.
No, gentle Romeo, we have to dance.
No, gentlemen, do not get ready to go.
No, go away.
No, do not go back.
No, good goose, do not bite me.
No, lieutenant.
No, Lysander.
No, my good fellows, do not please fate to grace it with your sorrow.
No, my lord, this kind of kindness is not the right thing to do.
No, good Sir Toby.
No, good, be patient.
No, guilt will speak even if the tongues are out of use.
If I were my power, I would put the sweet milk of peace into hell, bring the universal peace to life, and scolde all the unity on earth.
No, he has a little beard.
No, he had a blanket, and we would all be ashamed to wear it.
No, he is rubbing himself with a civet.
No, he will answer the letter’s master, how he dares, being dared.
No, listen to him.
Listen to them, Antony.
No, heaven knows.
No, where are you now?
How are you going to do for a husband?
No, I am for all waters.
No, I am sure it is, Volumnius.
No, I am the most courtesyful person.
I will beg it from door to door when he has snuck me out.
No, please, sir, do not be out with me.
No, I do not care about their names.
No, I do not dare swear.
No, I have done it.
No, I have offered her everything, I have no more, and she cannot have more than I have.
No, I have been talking to you, my gentle love, and I have been asking you to marry Hortensio.
No, I hope so.
No, I do not know.
Please let me go.
No, I beg you to tell me who it is, with my pity.
No, please stay a little longer.
No, please, put on this gown and beard.
No, I will not be able to be witful until I break my shins against it.
No, I think it is a bit scurvy, and I am starting to get stuck in it.
No, I will do so.
No, I will kiss you.
No, I will come.
No, I will do it.
No, I will go with you, cheek by cheek.
No, I will help.
No, I will never believe a madman until I see his brain.
No, if an oily palm isn’t a good idea, I cannot scratch my ear.
If we are chasing wild oose, I am done.
If they cause any illness, I will leave them at the next turn.
If you are an expert, I will be for you.
No, if you are trying, just half an hour.
If you had your eyes, you could not see me.
No, it is possible to judge.
No, it is true, or else I am a Turk.
No, it is.
No, lay down and roar, because you killed the sweetest and most innocent man who ever died.
No, let him be alone.
No, let me be ashamed of my swearing.
Let me praise you while I am eating.
No, let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
No, let’s follow him.
No, I am not sure, because I am staying there for dinner.
No, more importantly, if any of the born born in Ephesus is seen at any of the markets and fairs in the world.
Do not put your hand on your sword.
No, do not sound.
No, not sure, in a way that is falsing.
No, please be covered.
Please do not throw anything away.
Do not press on me.
No, follow him now, so the device does not take air and taint.
Do not convince him to hold his hands.
No, send me right away.
She is worse than that, and now she comes to life as a light wench.
No, stay.
No, take my life and everything.
No, he did not.
No, that would be as important as showing a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it.
No, you will not.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is true.
No, that is not true.
No, that is not your way.
That is true, that is very true.
No, the dust from your troops would have risen to heaven.
No, the man who cannot be a good man, from the lark to the lamb, deserves praise for my pity.
No, they are in the works.
No, then I have to get an ounce or two of your blood.
No, if she bought her love with such a bloody gift as this, she will not choose but hate you.
No, then you do not love it, and all my efforts are done to prove it is not true.
No, then you lie.
Well, well, well, that is what happened.
No, then, good night for us.
No, then, you are mocking me.
No, then, we came into the world like brother and brother, and now let’s go hand in hand.
No, then.
No, this was just his dream.
No, very pale.
No, we must think that men are not gods, and not seek out anything that suits the bridal.
No, we will all be there to get him.
No, we will slink away at dinner time, disguise ourselves as men at my house, and return in an hour.
Do not cry, noble Eros.
When I have a case where I want to be with you, it will be difficult and difficult to get out of here.
There is more to this story.
No, you have to call me Rosalind.
No, you have to forget that.
No, you have to name his name, and his face must be seen through the lion’s neck.
No, you do not have to worry about us, Lorenzo.
No, you were a fragment of Gneius Pompey’s, and you have picked out the hotter hours, unregistered in vulgar fame.
No, you would have to speak first, and when you were graveled for lack of matter, you could kiss.
I will bet they are all fantastically scolded.
I do not see the day nor sleep the night, but she tells me the truth.
Very close and very fast.
Then the words are the ones that are near his heart.
You are starving in your eyes.
Do you need my help?
I was poisoned, rather, and then I was not aware of it.
Neighbors and friends, though bride and bridegroom are not ready to bring the tablecloths, know there are no junkets at the feast.
Neighbors, I am ready.
We both can enjoy neither of them if they stay alive.
I am neither good nor bad.
Isn’t my husband or the slave returning to seek his master as soon as he is?
No rhyme or reason can tell how much you are.
I am not to you or any one of you, but I am not sure what I am saying.
No, my lord.
No.
Nerissa is telling me what to believe.
The king never sighed alone, but with a general groan.
Never made anger a good guard for itself.
Never quiet.
Do not believe it.
Never came poison from such a sweet place.
We have never seen such a division in our souls.
I have never joyfully reacted to the most dangerous treason than I have ever experienced at this time.
I never knew a creature that had the shape of a man so keen to ruin a man.
When the actors are all dead, there is no reason to blame.
Do not worry about that.
Never put poison on a fouler toad.
I think you will never be alive unless you see a canary put me down.
No king of England had nobles more loyal and rich than those who left their hearts here in England and were buried in the fields of France.
Do not make a denial.
Do not tell me what you have seen tonight.
There never was a gem that was so rich in gold that it was worse than gold.
Do not talk to me.
I have never seen him feel so angery until today.
Do not talk about what you have seen.
Do not trust me, then.
There never was a monarch better feared and loved than you were.
There never was this black day as this.
I never resisted myself to him until half an hour ago, when I was armed.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
Never, my lord.
Never until Caesar’s three and thirty wounds are well fought, or until another Caesar has added a sword to the sword of traitors.
Never.
What are you doing, Balthasar?
I have heard that my Nell died of a French sex, and that my rendezvous was completely cut off.
Good news, friends!
News, boys, our wars are over!
Good news, madam.
I have news from Rome, my good lord.
News, old news, and news you have never heard of.
Next month we will meet.
Next, Cleopatra confesses your greatness, gives her your power, and asks the Ptolemies to give her heirs, now hazarded by your grace.
Niece, will you look at what I told you?
He does not have any questions, but he does not have any questions.
I am hanging out of my eyes for the night.
The candles are burning out in the nighttime, and day is a slut on the misty mountain tops.
Nine or ten times I thought he had snuck him up here under the ribs.
Ninus’s tomb,” man.
No “master,” sir, but a poor man’s son.
No beast that is so fierce, but he knows some pity.
No better.
No ambition is enough to inspire us to fight, but love is love, and love is love.
No, you are not a fool.
No reason, no reason.
Hero is his only child.
I am not cocky.
You will not be ashamed to refuse him at sea, even if you are ready for land.
There is no doubt he has a catch.
The murdrous knife was blunt and dull until it was sprayed on your stone-hard heart.
I will, my liege, if each man does his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
I am not going to write an epilogue, please.
When it is gone, no evil has been lost.
No eyes in your head, no money in your purse?
No more than the Tower, and I guess you will be glad to see the noble princes there.
Do not go any further, sir.
Do not go any further, sir.
Do not go then.
No other grave on earth will have a pair that is so famous.
No more heart in you.
No harm.
There is no hope in that way that even Ambition cannot wink beyond the sky.
No jewel is like Rosalind.
There is no jutty, frieze, buttress, no sluggish view, but this bird has made his pendant bed and cradle.
There is no king of England, if not king of France.
No man must know. If this is you, Malvolio?
No man must know. What follows?
No man born from a woman will be able to kill you.
No man wanted to be trusted with them.
Isn’t he marrying his subjects?
It is no surprise that he was so badly affected.
She cannot be a miracle, but they can be a savage if there is no other reason to do that.
It is no wonder it ruined you.
Tonight there is no masquerade.
No matter what you say, you are not coming here.
I have not seen them since they left their sneezes behind, because we have stomachs.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can do your good.
Tonight we will wander through the streets and see the people.
No money, I swear.
No more soldier.
No more amazement.
There is no more work to be done.
No more than a woman, commanded by such poor passion as the maid who milks and does the smallest chores.
No more than that?
No more light answers.
Do you want to hear anything about drowning?
Do not worry about that.
Do not worry about that.
No more sex is possible for her, his, and mine.
I am not sorry for you more than I am sorry for yours.
No more than my stay here in Rome could be to you in Egypt.
No more than the one who is now in charge will fool our interest in the king’s death.
Do not wait with me.
Do not say anything more.
No more, cousin.
Do not wait, please.
Do not wait, please.
No more, no more.
Do not worry anymore.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
Do not worry.
No news.
Do not make noise, and enter.
No job.
There is no offense in the world.
No pain, sir.
No way?
No place will please me, no death penalty will be imposed, as Caesar and you will cut off the choice and master spirits of this age.
There is no port free, no place where guards and guards are not watching me.
No more than two seconds?
No shame except mine.
No slander.
He has no sovereignty, but he is king on it.
No one likes you, if you mean me.
No Thisbe I see.
No warmth, no breath will test your life.
Is there any watch?
Gentleness is no way but to go.
No woman’s heart is so big to hold so much.
It is not surprising, my lord.
It is not a surprise, sir, but certainly a virgin.
No words can sound like this.
No words.
No, it is time to know, but now I am going to promise you.
It is not as deep as a well or as wide as a church door, but it is enough.
No, it was the vane on the house.
No, I found it, and gave it to my husband.
No, and she swears she never will.
No, Antony.
No, as I am a Christian.
No, I will not.
No, do not believe me.
No, boy.
She dropped it, and, to my advantage, I was here, I took it up.
No, but the barber’s servant has been seen with him, and the old cheekbone has already stuffed with tennis balls.
No, I will go to the gate and the devil will meet me, like a cuckold with horns on his head.
No, by my honor, madam.
No, by my life and soul.
No, no.
No, no.
No, I swear by this hand.
No, by this heavenly light.
No, Caesar has not.
No, Caesar will not.
No, Caesar, we will answer to their charges.
No, Cassio has not been killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No, Corin, you cant guess, even if you were as a lover in your youth as ever sighed on a midnight pillow.
No, cousin, I will go to Fife.
No, cousin, I would rather cry.
No, dear Queen, because we intend to dispose of you as you advise us.
No, fair princess.
No, please, die by a lawyer.
No, I will not.
No, I will not be jotting for a long time.
No, please, lords and great men will not let me.
No, I do not wish a man from England.
No, I am not laughing.
No, because I think he is not worthy of the place he occupies.
Do not be afraid.
No, good mother.
No, great king.
Hasn’t it?
No, he is mistaken.
No, he is the best man in Athens.
No, he is a gentleman to his son, because he is a madman who sees his son as a gentleman to him.
No, he is in a terrible situation, worse than hell.
No, I would not kill you.
No, his mouth stopped.
No, I am a Welshman.
No, I have been promised to go.
No, I do not know you, and lady Cesario has not sent me to tell you to speak with her.
No, please, speak calmly.
No, I swear, I do not know what is going on.
No, I am sure you are.
No, I promise you will not bet he will be a second man, who has so kindly convinced him to do so.
No, I went to work, and my young mistress said that: “Lord Hamlet is a prince out of your star.
No, I will be the model of patience.
No, I will go find some ditch where I will die.
No, I will not give my medical advice to those who are sick.
No, I will not.
No, I will not cry anymore.
No, I will not cry.
If you do not have any more words, you will get out of here.
No, they are not.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, indeed, sir.
No, it is back.
No, it is Casca, who is part of our efforts.
It is not possible to love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it is struck.
No, it is yours, my self’s better part, my eyes’ clear eye, my dear heart’s dearer heart, my food, my fortune, and my sweet hope’s aim, my earth’s heaven.
No, Kate.
No, lad.
No, lady.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
No, tell me, and knowing what I am, I know what she will be.
No, do not let me.
No, let the slicking tongue lick the absurd pomp and crook the frightened knees where the frightening can be ruined.
No, madam, he is only smiling.
No, madam, I am only reading the madness.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, madam.
No, then, two more.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not me.
No, my dearest love, I would not go for the world.
No, my dear cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my lord, I did not see anything.
No, my lord, not me.
No, my lord, unless I could have another one for work days.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my most wronged sister.
No, my noble lord.
No, I am a bit of a sacrificial man.
No, no, he will be king by God.
No, no, I do not dare for my life.
No, no, he is gone.
No, no, I am as ugly as a bear, because beasts who meet me run away from me for fear.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, the ring.
No, no, they would not.
No, no, until it is real, we will keep it as a dream.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, none that you have enough wit to make.
It is wonderful that she is so devoted to Signior Benedick, whom she has always seemed to abhorted.
No, and I am not.
No, and I do not have any.
No, not a denier.
No, not a slut.
No, not a moment.
No, not an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for Venice.
No, he is not, though his face is better than any man, but his leg is more than any man’s.
No, not much.
No, villain, you are the one who is cheating on you.
No, not until a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I have not snuck away the cup.
No, please, good Meg, I will wear this one.
No, please, let it serve as a table talk.
No, please.
No, I will go to Benedick and advise him to fight against his passion.
No, since then.
No, it is a grainy thing, but Noah’s flood did not do it.
No, sir, God forbids you to kiss.
No, sir, I am living by the church.
No, sir, I say his horse comes with him on his back.
No, it is legs and thighs.
No, sir, no jot.
No, sir, the worse.
No, sir.
Some of it is for my child’s father.
No, sir.
Let me judge how deep my love is.
No, you will not be able to do anything until you take her hand and swear to marry her.
No, you proud dream, that play is so subtly played with a king’s repose.
No, even though you are a hotter name than anyone in hell is.
No, your words are too precious to be thrown away by a slut.
No, I am going to my cabin.
No, their friends were wrong to their lives.
No, to Whitefriars.
No, I am not, even though I have been her bedtime for twelve months.
No, really, but in a friendly way.
No, really, because the truest poetry is the most frightened of all, and lovers are given the power to write poetry, and they can write poetry as lovers they are jealous.
No, unless you are hard-favored.
No, really.
No, really.
No, do not trust me, sir, and I am sure you do.
No, uncle, but the journeys we made were tedious, tired, and heavy.
No, uncle, I will not.
Do not bother me here.
No, we will have to be adamant with him.
No, wench!
No, you will paint when you are old.
No, you will be forgiven.
No, you are snoring hags.
No!
No?
No?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Noble Antony, no sickness should stop me.
Come on, noble captain.
The noblest of men, do you die?
No one is coming?
Nobody speaks of you.
No one.
Go to him, elves, and make him courtesies.
No, no.
She is not a holy hermit and her maid.
There is no one except friends.
He is not the fool, who is trying to hurt his heart.
No one can be called deformed, but the unkind.
No one is offending, I say.
No good, my lord, to please you with the hearing, and no bad news can be reported.
I do not know him in the world, and I do not know him.
No one else is fooled by this snab.
I do not know anything about it, but I am afraid it will happen.
I do not love anything more than myself.
No, Brutus, no.
No, but your beauty.
No, man.
No, my lord.
No.
No one.
This forest does not have any business, because you are all the world.
I did not hear anything, or suspect anything.
You cannot do it for you.
Do not go either.
Love does not taste judgment. Wings and no eyes are hurrying.
I have never seen anything more men than you, my dear father, my friend.
Tonight, I have never seen a peaceful night in heaven.
I do not know where I slept last night.
I do not, by light of heaven.
I do not.
I do not.
I do not know, Regan. Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father a childlike job.
I am not, my lord.
I am not, my lord.
I am not, my lord.
I am not.
I am not.
I am not.
No, I am not in yours, my lord.
He is not dead, for what I know.
I do not know that he is well and will be here soon.
I do not know what I am saying or doing tonight, unless I am not a good man.
We should not be able to do this.
There is no one else.
There is no one here, because curses are not the only thing that can fool the people who breathe them in the air.
I hope there are not any people here.
You have not heard any news about her in your letters?
I am not my daughters.
Or send you out of your way?
He will not be able to meet the need.
A stony tower, beaten walls, a dungeon, or a strong iron ring can be retracted.
Do not cry or pray for money.
I am not doing anything by water.
I will not do anything tomorrow.
He will not.
You will not tell me who you are.
You will not be tempted to pay less.
We would not deign him until he was buried at Saint Colmes Inch for ten thousand dollars.
You are not loyal, like us.
I am sure there is no force in eyes that can hurt you.
Norfolk, we have knocks, ha, shouldn’t we?
But bastard Normans, bastards!
Noses, ears, lips.
Not a drop before.
We are not a dump, we are not.
It is not a false gallop.
No hair died.
Do not jot more, my lord.
It is not a joke, not a joke.
I am not a mouse.
Not a soul, but a man felt a fever of the madness and played some tricks of desperation.
Not a bit of a surprise, Touchstone.
Not a moment.
Not a moment.
Not a word from me.
Not a word.
Not all the dukes of a sandy Burgundy can buy this precious woman from me. Goodbye, Cordelia.
Not completely, sir.
Not being Fortune is just Fortune’s king, he is a king of her will.
Not being the worst offenders is a good example.
My legs are yellow, but I do not want to be black.
Not Caesar’s bravery has thrown Antony, but Antony’s triumph has ruined itself.
Cassio is not dead.
Are you dead?
I would not be guilty of such a serious sin for all this country.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
Not for the whole world.
Not for your fairy kingdom. Fairies, let’s go!
I do not have the one that makes them short.
Not the one who is not, Mark Antony.
I am not the one who scolds you at any time.
I am not here in presence.
I do not love Hermia, but Helena.
I am not so honest, my lord, but so secretly that I will not be dishonest.
I have only been there for you to wait.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, I have to find him.
Not me, my lord, by heaven.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, sir.
I will not, unless the groans’ breath is a mist that screams at me as I wander through the eyes.
Not me.
Not in the stocks, fool.
Not if the small ones come first.
Not in a grave, to kill one person, but to kill another.
I cannot do anything but be honest.
Are you not in love?
Not in my house, Lucentio, because you know that Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Not in hell’s darkness can make a devil more damned than Macbeth.
He will not be killed in this country.
Do you know me yet?
Do not know my voice.
Not life, but love in death.
I am bound more than a madman is.
Do not listen to you anymore.
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You are a harsh Jew, you are making your knife look like a king.
Not once or twice, but twenty times.
There is no one who can throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
I will never give you the snuck sleep that you owed yesterday.
Not possible.
I am thankful that you have done it.
Not sad, my lord.
Have you seen him since?
Do you shine today?
I am not sick, my lord, unless I think about it, or well, unless I think about it.
Not so happy, but much happier.
Not so hot.
She is not sick, my lord, as she is troubled with a series of fancies that keep her from sleeping.
I am not young enough to love a woman for singing, or old enough to dote on a woman for anything.
Not true, I beg your Majesty.
It is not true, my lord.
It is not true, my lord.
Not true, neither.
Not true, neither.
Not true, not true.
Not so, sir, I do care about something.
Not true.
Not stingy too?
I will never be able to speak of Caesar’s imperious show.
Not that Adam who stayed in the Paradise, but that Adam who stayed in the prison; that guy who walks in the calf’s skin that was killed for the Prodigal
Not that I know.
Not that I do not love you.
Not that we love words better than you do.
Not the one I received from me, I hope.
Not this, but the marriage bed.
Not until God makes men out of some other metal than earth.
Not until you have slept.
I do not know.
Not to be endured.
Not to his father’s house.
Not to kill him, but to be damned for killing him, which no warrant can defend me from.
Do not think about the fault my father made in compassing the crown.
Not tonight, Iago.
Not too fast!
Not very well, but I have met him often.
Not us.
Not when I saw it.
He is not where he eats, but where he eats.
Not with salt tears.
Not old enough to be a man, or young enough to be a boy.
Not yet dead?
Not yet, cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet. The time is now here.
Not?
Notable pirate!
Take note of him, good Charmian, he is the man, but take note of him.
Please note if your lady is committing a sexual act.
I have not taken a note of mine that is worthy of mention.
Nothing.
You are going to have her slander me like this?
Nothing but sit and sit and eat.
Nothing but death songs.
You are my true friend.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Nothing more than that.
Nothing would have subdued nature to such a lowness, except his unkind daughters.
Nothing will stop you from cheating on your lord.
Nothing in his life made him feel like he had left it.
Nothing is good, I see, without respect.
Nothing can be done between me and the full potential of my hopes.
Nothing I respect, my dear lord.
Nothing is that.
Nothing will come from nothing.
Nothing, but that is true.
Nothing, good sir, but to help Cavalery Cobweb scratch the surface.
Nothing, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
No, my lord, or if I did, I do not know.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, unless you make her look like you are again.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Whatever you want, use your time.
Now I will put Cassio in a position that could offend the island.
A little fire in a wild field would look like an old lecher’s heart—a small spark, all the rest of the body cold.
Everything is fine now.
All the work is done now.
Now you have all the blessings of a happy father.
Now all the plagues that plague your daughters have been blown away by men’s faults are a threat!
All the young men in England are now on fire, and there is a nice dalliance in the wardrobe.
Now I am dead.
Now I am without a single man.
Now Antony has to leave her completely.
Now we are ready to hear what our cousin Dauphin has to say.
Now you are my lieutenant.
Now you are Romeo.
Now you are sociable.
Now, tell me that those who call them fathers are getting you.
Now, Death, you can boast that you have a liar that is unparalleled.
I swear by my own George, my Garter, and my crown.
I swear, old fools are new babies, and they must be treated like flattery when they are seen abused.
Now civil war has been stopped, and peace has come back.
Now you get the blood out of your cheeks.
I could drink hot blood and do so bitter business as the bitter day would be to look on.
If you cannot, do not lie, do not be ashamed, and do not lie, to say my eyes are murderers.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now I see it is true.
Now you know the reason for this rush.
Now I am going to a head.
Edmund, where is the villain?
Now imagine a time when a murmur snuck out of the universe and the darkness fills the vast vessel.
Farewell, good sir.
I am afraid I will start again.
If you do not, try to find out who is most in Helena.
Now go out, Lord Constable and all the princes, and quickly tell us about England’s defeat.
I am a constant smoky man.
Now go on your way.
Now go to the door and stay there until we call.
Now we are happy to be free, not banishment.
God bless you!
Now, the gods that we love, where is this coming from?
I have done a good day’s work.
Now he is telling the story.
Now he denies it faintly, and laughs it out.
Now he is importing him to tell him what he is doing.
Now he is praying.
Now he tells me how she smashed him to my bedroom.
Now he will outseat the lightning.
Now heaven has everything.
God help him.
Now heaven is on earth.
Now I am alone.
Now I am coming.
Now I am going.
Now I am changing my mind and crediting things that are not a good idea.
Now I am feeding myself with the most delicious poison.
Now I have to send my humble letter to the young man who dodges and scoldes the sluggish world, making and sluggish fortunes.
Now I see that all three of them have teamed up to make this false joke, in spite of me.
I will see in Fulvia’s death how my death will be.
Now I will believe that unicorns exist, that one tree in Arabia, the phoenix’s throne, and one phoenix are all here at this hour.
Now I will tell you nothing, without asking.
Now, Gratiano, you give your wife a reason to be unkind.
Now it is in the fields, and it is pleasing to me, but not in the court, it is tedious.
Now he is ready to fly in.
Now it is Rome, and there is room for only one man.
Now it is time to get out of here.
Now is the day we have long been looking for.
Now the sun is shining on the highest hill of this day’s journey, and from nine to twelve, she is three hours long.
Now is the time for help.
Now we have been ruined by this York-born son, and all the clouds that shook our house in the deep ocean are buried.
Now, in his next piece of hair, send a beard to you.
Now that I know you, Casca, I have already convinced some of the noblest Romans to take me to a dangerous and honorable event.
Now let it work.
Let me see if I can translate it.
Let your friendly hand put the strength you need to do it.
Let’s catch it.
Now he is here, and there is no one so poor about him.
Now, Lord, thank you for my work.
Now Margaret’s curse has fallen on our heads, for standing by and standing by when Richard stabbed her son.
Now, Mercury will get a lease, because you speak well of fools.
I can do it now.
I have to go to the monument alone.
Now the world must point at the poor Katherine and say, “There is mad Petruchio’s wife, if she would like him to come and marry her!”
You have to be my friend, and you have to ask me to be a friend.
Now my charms have gone, and my strength is my own, which is the faintest.
Now I am going.
Now it is near enough.
Now you are dead.
Romeo is now beloved and loves again, as if he were beaten by the beauty of his looks, but he is supposed to be a victim of his foe, and she steals love’s sweet
Now brush up your teeth and shin, hold your nose tight, and keep your breath up.
Now my friend Petruchio will give me grace and offer me a disguised robe to old Baptista as a schoolmaster who is well seen in music.
Now you will see the other.
Now she is not holding me.
Now she is gone forever. You should stay a little longer.
Now show me the wound that my eyes have caused you.
Now, sir, tell yourself if I am a good man to love the Moor.
Now, who is so pregnant and unforced about this fortune as Cassio does?
Now sit close to this tack and ask for our necessities.
Now the wind is shining, and we will board the ship.
Now the late traveler is hurrying to get the inn and is approaching the subject of our watch.
Now take them up,” he said, “if any list is available.
Tell me how long you want her to live after you have possessed her.
Now the moon is fleeting.
Now the witch will take me if I meant it like that.
Now they are my men.
Now they believe it and want me to be revenged on Rivers, Dorset, Grey.
I will prove my title with my courage.
Now go to you.
Now we are talking about our intentions, and our voice is imperial.
Welcome, Kate, and bear me as proof that I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now he will sit under a tree and wish his mistress were the kind of fruit that maids call a sailor when they are alone.
I will take some time to get Clarence’s swords out of sight and to give the princes orders that no one can ever take.
Now I will ask Cassio about Bianca, a huswife who sells her clothes and bread for her.
Now I will go to the chink to spy on me so I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
I would give a thousand miles of sea for an acre of sand.
Now that you are talking about a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty joke that your daughter had.
Now you are in a good mood.
Now, God, I am so angry that every part of me is a slander.
Now, Antony, we are ready to do what we want.
Now, as I am a Christian, tell me where you have given me my money, or I will break that fun, merry sconce of yours when I am
Now, as you love me, let me see his letter.
Now, as you are a Roman, tell me the truth.
Now, Balthazar, as I have ever found you true, let me find you still.
If you can serve where you are condemned, then you can come to your master, whom you love, who will find you full of work.
Now, beshrew my father’s ambition!
By Apollo, King, you swear your gods are in vain.
I swear by God that my blood begins to guide me to rule, and my passion is as strong as I can lead the way.
By my god, here comes Katherina.
I swear by my hood that I am a gentle man, and I am not a Jew.
I told her to come now, when she was just twelve, I am going to be here.
I swear by my mother’s son, it will be moon, or star, or whatever I have already listed, or if I will go to your father’s house
By my sword, and my target.
I wish I had a chance to remember my uncle’s growth, even if he touched mine.
I am too young for you.
By Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, he will not make me a joyful bride here.
Now I will, if I believe in my love.
By the holy mother of our Lord, the citizens are mothers, so do not say a word.
By the world, it is full of your evil evils.
Now, by the world, it is a lusty woman.
I swear, I am not talking about it.
I swear to God that I will be yours by the time I am here.
Now, Catesby, what does his majesty say?
Now, Catesby, what does your lord say to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Trebonius, I have an hour to talk about you.
Now, Parthia, you have been struck, and now Marcus Crassus’ death makes me a vengeful man.
Now, if the sun sets up his burning eye, then I must fill this cage with rotten weeds and precious jugs.
Now, Eros.
Now, please, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what is there?
Now, fellows, you are welcome.
I will go to Elizabeth, my brother’s daughter, a jolly thriving woo.
Hortensio is worried about his widow for my life.
Now, for my life, she is going to the Tower to greet the tender prince. Daughter, well met.
Now, get ahead of your story. Prince, stand farther away.
Now, gods, stand up for the bastards!
Now, good Metellus, come with him.
Now, my lord, lie and rest for a while.
What are you doing now, good sir?
Now, good sweet Nurse, why are you looking so sad?
Now, herald, are the dead?
Please, daughter, do not make me mad.
Now I will stand to it, the pancakes were naughty and the mustard was good.
If these men have outrun the law and punished them in the native language, they can outstrip men, but they do not have any wings to escape God
Now, if you were a poet, I would have some hope you frightened.
If you are a woman, then you can answer this question.
If you love me, stay.
Now, in a good mood, son Petruchio, I think you are the most intelligent man.
I have you now, man.
What do you think?
Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly so that we can lead our loyal servants to age.
Now listen to music, and sing your solemn hymn.
Hasn’t old tradition made this life sweeter than the one of pompous men?
Now, my dearest Queen, please stand farther away from me.
My friendly king, I thank you.
Now, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what should we do if we think Lord Hastings will not give up on our lords?
Now, my lord.
Now, Titania, wake up, my sweet queen.
Antipholus is insane now, without doubt.
Now, prince Buckingham, seal this alliance by embracing my wife’s friends, and make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?
Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you going with my daughter?
What is the news?
Now, sir, where is the Count?
What are you doing here, sir?
Now, soldiers, march away, and you will be glad to be here, God.
Now, sweet lord, you know what I am doing.
The next day was our sea fight, and you know what happened to this.
Now, we will use his powers for the battle, which is done, and let her who wants to get rid of him devise his rapid take off.
Good night to your bones.
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice arrives, we must only talk about Benedick.
Now, if I were a little pot and soon hot, my lips would freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth, and my heart
Now, what is the news on the Rialto?
Now, where is my wife?
Now, where is your master?
Now.
Nurse, give my regards to your lady.
Nurse, where is my daughter?
Nurse, will you come with me in my closet to help me find the items that are so urgent that I will need to be sorted out tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, you have said the right thing.
Oh, all you host of heaven!
Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony!
Please do not beg us to die.
Oh, Antony, Oh, you Arabian bird!
Oh, Antony, you are mine of bounty.
Oh, Antony!
Oh, Banquo, my royal master has been murdered!
Oh, bear me witness, night. What man is this?
It is a bitter consequence that Edward has to live as a true noble prince.
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Oh, Richard!
Death is black.
Oh Bottom, you have changed!
The vile and damned furious wight is gaping in the grave and death is near.
Oh, brave monster!
It is a brave new world, with such people in it.
Oh, what a brave touch!
Oh, brother Montague, give me your hand.
Oh, Brutus!
I suggest you read mine first, because mine is a suit that touches Caesar closer.
Oh, Caesar!
Oh, calm submission!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, where did you get this?
Oh Cassius, Brutus said it too early, and he rushed it too eagerly, having some advantage over Octavius.
Oh, Cassius, I will run away from this country, where no Romans will notice him.
Oh, Cassius, I am so groggy.
Oh, Cassius, if you could only convince Brutus to join us.
Oh, ceremony, show me your worth!
Oh, Charmian, I will never go out of here.
Cicero, I have seen storms that swept the oak trees, and I have seen the ocean rage and rage exalted with the
Oh, Cleopatra!
Oh, Clitus!
Come on, Ventidius.
Oh, nice Friar!
Are you ashamed to show your face by night when evils are free?
Oh, Corin, you knew how much I love her.
Oh, cousin, cousin!
Oh cowardly conscience, how do you affect me?
Oh, cousin, cousin, cousin, my little cousin, that you knew how deep I love you.
That is cruel!
Oh, you cursed, you cursed slave!
Oh, dainty duck!
Oh, Iago!
Oh, Dardanius!
It is day and night, but this is a strange thing.
Day has ended.
It is a deadly sin.
Oh, what a good choice he made!
I am going to do your business.
Oh, Ophelia, I am ill at all of these things.
Oh, Phoebe, if you ever meet someone who looks fresh, you will know the invisible wounds that love’s keen arrows make.
I would say I had eyes again.
Oh, dear!
Oh, you dolt!
The blood drink is revenge on his death.
Oh, earth!
Oh, eastern star!
What an excellent device, and make a big chunk of him.
What an excellent motion!
Oh, he is a great young man.
Oh, he is a great young man.
Oh, fair Katherine, if you love me so well, I am glad to hear you confess it in broken English.
Oh, Fates, come, come, cut thread and thrum.
Oh flesh, flesh, how you sprayed.
Good luck, good luck!
Oh Friar, damned men use that word in hell.
It is not fair for you to hear what I say. I would murder like a woman in her ear.
Please do not put me on the wrong side, because I am nothing, if not critical.
God of battles, stow hearts on my soldiers.
Did Romeo shed Tybalt’s blood?
Oh God, Horatio, what a wounded name I will have to live behind me and all the unknown things that are still unknown.
I have a soul that is bad for the divining.
Oh, God, she comes. What is the news?
Oh God, you are the only jig maker.
Oh God!
Oh God! Oh Nurse, how can this be prevented?
Oh God’s lady, are you so hot?
Goneril, you are not worth the dust that the wind blows in your face.
Oh Antonio, forgive me for your trouble.
Oh, good old man, how good you feel about the constant service of the ancient world, when you are sweating for duty, not for meeting.
Sir Toby, stop!
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, Hamlet, you have splintered my heart.
Oh, Hamlet, what a fall there was!
Oh, happy dagger, this is your sheath.
Oh, happy, fair!
Oh, happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
It is hard to believe, born of greatness, and subject to the breath of every fool, whose sense cant feel anything but his own wringing.
Harry’s wife, do not triumph in my sorrow.
Oh, hated potion, come on!
Oh heaven, Oh earth, witness what I am saying, and proclaim what I am doing with kindness.
Oh, heavenly lord!
Oh, heavens, that such companions you would escape, and give every one of you a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world
Oh, heavens, they were both living in Naples, the king and queen of Naples.
Oh, heavens!
Oh, heavens!
What a sad day!
What a terrible deed!
Oh, hell-kite!
What are we doing here?
Oh, holy Friar, tell me, where is my lady’s lord?
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
It is a terrible thing, Iago.
Oh, Iago!
Oh, the misfortune wind is ill-tempered.
Oh, poor-starred wench, as pale as your smock!
It is a liar.
Oh, infinite virtue, are you smiling from the great world’s great snare uncaught?
Oh, you inhuman dog!
What a terrible, touching loss!
Iras, Charmian!
Oh, Isis, it is impossible.
Oh, Juliet, I know what you are feeling.
Oh, Julius Caesar, you are still mighty!
Oh, Jupiter, how tired my spirits are!
Oh, Kate, please.
Oh Kate, nice customs are a slut for great kings.
Oh, knight, you do not have a cup of canary.
Please, my lady, speak again.
Oh, sad day!
Life!
Oh, a liar, who is struggling to be free, and is more willing to fight.
Oh Lord, he will hang on to him like a disease.
Oh Lord, I could stay here all night to hear good advice.
Oh, Lord, I have to laugh.
It is difficult to meet friends, but earthquakes can put them in mountains.
Oh Lord, I thought about how painful it was to drown, how terrible it was to hear the sound of water in my ears, and how ugly it was to see me.
Oh Lord, my lord, if they were only a week old, they would talk themselves crazy.
Oh Lord, they are fighting!
Oh, Lord!
If you keep your promise, I will end this fight, become a Christian and marry you.
Oh love!
Oh, madam, madam, madam!
Oh, madam, my old heart is cracked.
Oh Margaret, Margaret, your curse has now landed on poor Hastings.
If I were willing to stir your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I would do Brutus and Cassius wrong.
Oh, my heart, my heart is rising!
Oh my, Oh my!
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Oh mercy, God!
Oh, mighty Caesar!
Oh, mischief is causing a strange blow.
Oh mischief, you are hurrying to get into the thoughts of desperate men.
Oh mistress, the villain has made jokes about love.
We are more looking for the precious gratitude of mortal men than looking for the gratitude of God.
What a horrible world we live in.
Oh, monstrous, monstrous!
What a bloody sight!
What a brave day!
My dear mistress, I am ready to go.
What a false love!
Oh, what a happy hour!
She is the most dangerous woman.
What a sad day!
What a terrible sneering!
Oh, what a wicked fiend!
Good night, slumber.
My brave Emperor, this is a battle!
Oh, my brother’s child!
Oh my Christian ducats!
My daughter, Fled with a Christian.
Do not think I am flattering you.
My niece, welcome to me, and even my daughter, welcome in no less than a degree.
Oh, Orlando, it is so sad to see you wearing your heart in a scarf.
Oh my follies!
Do not believe anything, or if you have to believe it, do not shake everything.
Oh, my good master!
Oh, my heart!
My lord, my lord, forgive my fearful sails!
Oh, my lord!
My poor Rosalind, are you going to?
My son, my son.
My son, what theme is the one?
What did you do in hell when you shook a fiend with such a sweet flesh?
No, my reasons are deep and dead. Too deep and dead, poor infants, in their graves.
Oh, noble Caesar!
Oh noble Emperor, do not fight by sea!
Oh noble English, who could carry out all the duties of the French army with half their forces, and let another half stand by laughing, all out of work and cold for action.
Oh, noble fool!
Oh, noble judge!
Oh noble lord, think about your birth.
I can see all the unfortunate consequences of this deadly fight.
Oh, noble sir!
What a notable slut!
It is better to get rid of holy water in a dry house than to let it rain out of the house.
It is shameful.
You are a perjury woman, you stone my heart, and you are calling what I intend to murder, which I thought was a murder.
Oh, a savage woman!
Oh, Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
What a horrible spectacle!
The plague has been prevented.
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
Oh, what a good thing!
Oh proud death, what feast are you holding in your eternal cell, that you have killed so many princes?
Oh, Pyramus, come on!
Oh, Ratcliffe, I have dreamed of a fearful dream.
Oh, Regan, Goneril, your kind old father whose frank heart gave everything.
Oh, Regan, she has tied her mind to a sharp, unkindness.
Oh, Regan, will you take her by the hand?
Oh, Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Oh, Romeo, Romeo!
Oh, royal Caesar!
Oh, rude unthankfulness!
Oh Scotland, Scotland!
Oh, serpentine heart hid with a flowering face.
Oh, Setebos, these are brave spirits!
That is simple.
What a sinful thought!
Oh, sir, please.
Go fly this place.
I do, and I will recite you as my protector of my life and my liberty.
Please forgive me.
Yes, sir, having such a wife like you was strange.
To wilful men, the ones that they are committing must be their schoolmasters.
Yes, sir, very well. Here in your orchard.
Yes sir, you are old.
Oh, sir, you are too sure you are an augurer.
If you do this deed, you will hate me for it.
Oh, sisters three, come to me with hands as pale as milk.
It is a liar.
Oh, you are soft, sir.
Oh spite of spites!
Oh, Stephano, isn’t that all this?
Oh, Stephano, two people from Naples have escaped!
Oh, sun, I will not see any more.
Oh, you sweet, you sneering Bottom!
Oh sweet mistress, speak.
Oh, Portia, here are some of the most unpleasant words that ever sounded like paper.
Oh, the blessed gods!
Oh, these fools!
This is what it is.
Oh, you bloody prison, fatal and ominous to noble men.
Oh, you dull Moor!
You thief, where have you stowed my daughter?
How will I live and work to match your goodness?
If you have no name to be known to the devil, let’s call you the devil!
Oh, you sane caitiff!
Oh, you public servant!
You weed, who is so lovely and smells so sweet that the sense aches at you.
You, whose captain I am talking to, look at my forces with a gracious eye.
Time is right for you to break this up, not me.
Have you broken my tongue in the last seven years, so my only son can’t recognize my sluggish ear?
They are traitors, villains.
Oh, Tranio, until I found it true, I never thought it possible or likely.
Oh, treachery!
Oh, true, good Catesby.
Oh, Tybalt, Tybalt, I had the best friend I had.
Oh upright, just, and true-to-be God, how do I thank you for the fact that this savage is a savage who treats his mother’s children with disrespect.
Oh, my brave cousin!
Oh, vassal!
Oh, revenge!
You have stolen both my job and my name.
Oh, villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!
Oh, villain, villain!
Oh, villain!
Oh, bad luck!
Oh, weary night, oh, long and tedious night, and leave your hours.
Nature, did you create lions?
Oh, a wicked wall that I do not see any happiness.
Oh wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
You wise judge!
What a horrible thing!
Oh, sad day, sad day!
What a sad day!
Oh, sorry, terrible sympathy!
What a sad time.
Oh, what a sad, sad day!
What a wonderful son, who can really amaze a mother.
Oh wonderful, wonderful, and yet again wonderful, and after that, out of all whooping!
God, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Oh, immortal gods!
Oh gods!
Oh, you mighty gods, I renounce this world and in your eyes I will leave my great affliction.
You, sir, come here.
Oh, young and noble Cato, are you down?
It is a liar, baffling, quick, ingenious, and capable boy.
It was the worst thing to kill that woman, and the worst thing ever to kill me.
Please, go away.
It is as if the king had the intention to name you in the Tower.
Oh, just one word.
I beg you, you will never talk about him again.
Oh, sneeze my sides!
Come in, equivocator.
Thank you for your mercy, sir. Tom is a cold.
Do not do your cousin a wrong.
Do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
Farewell, soldier.
Do not worry about me.
I am a savage, he is a savage.
Oh, for my beads!
Please forgive me for my sins.
The duke of Gloucester is dangerous, and the queen’s sons and brothers are proud and proud.
Oh gentlemen, see, see, see dead Henry’s wounds open their mouths and bleed afresh.
Please let me go.
Do not let music be slandered.
Yes, sir, I do.
I have been grieving since you last saw me, and I have been plagued by a lack of grief since then.
If the gods had done that, I would not have called them merciless to us.
He is insane, Laertes.
He was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
Help him, you sweet heavens!
How this mother swells up toward my heart.
How wonderful it is to see your wit be restored.
Oh, I die, Horatio.
If I thought that, I would beat him like a dog.
If you are the same Egeon, speak and speak to the same Emilia.
If you were the noblest of your family, young man, you would not die honorably.
Oh, in the battle, think about Buckingham and die in terror of your guilt.
Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s wallet.
I know my name has been lost.
Oh, lady, lady, shame would have it hidden.
Let her live, and I will corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, and slander myself as false to Edward’s bed.
Let him go.
Do not let it be.
Let me kiss that hand.
Let me take the time for my curse.
Do not let me be mad, not mad, sweet heaven.
Let me speak.
Let me think about Hastings and go to Brecknock while my fearful head is on.
Let’s have him, because his silver hair will buy us a good opinion and buy us voices to praise our actions.
Make them happy.
My dear cousin, I cannot say that.
My lord, you said that weeds are growing fast.
Oh, my old master. Who has bound him here?
Oh, my poor brother!
Do not name him.
That morning will never be the day.
No, he loves and loves me.
Oh, no!
I need the priest who said to me.
Oh, now, let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true successors of each royal house, join together, by God’s decree.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh.
One of you is too much.
Please forgive me for bringing these bad news, since you left it for my job.
Oh, preposterous and frantic outrage, end your damned spleen, or let me die, to look at death.
Quicken them with yours!
Do not reason the need.
You should completely reform it.
It is a common joy, and it is engraved with gold on pillars long.
God, remember to hear her prayer for them, as for us.
Please, serve me well, and teach yourself that.
The woman who could have killed you by strangling you in her womb, from all the crimes you have committed, you have done.
She turned it into a thousand words and railed at herself that she would be so cruel to write to a man that she knew would scare her.
She would laugh me out of myself, and kill me with her wit.
I will not be so hard-hearted.
Yes, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think.
Oh, sir, on her nose, all oclock, covered with rubies, carbuncles, and other sapphires, reducing their abundance to the hot breath of Spain
Oh, sixpence, the money I had last Wednesday to pay the saddler for my mistress’s shin?
Please spare my guiltless wife and children.
You should teach me how to forget to think.
Please teach me how you look, and how you are swaying Demetrius’s heart.
Tell me, Friar, in what part of my body is my name tied up?
Oh, you knew once more what you are.
You do not deserve, poor soul.
Oh, that is the key to it.
Oh, the kindest Kate!
Be bold to say Bassanio is dead.
By day, where will you find a cave dark enough to hide your monstrous face?
I see you will only be part of the party with light gifts.
It moved her?
Let lips do what hands do.
They did not tell the king to do it.
You prophesied that the time would come when I would like you to help me curse that rotten spider, that foul-backed toad!
You are well trained in curses, stay for a while and teach me how to curse my enemies.
Do not touch me.
Do not tell me to drown myself in your sister’s tears.
What a horrible news!
Welcome, father!
Oh, well-balanced, bird.
Oh, what a fall it was!
What reason do you have to overgo your troubles and drown out your cries?
What do you dare to do?
What better favor can I do for you than to kill your enemy with the same hand that killed your youth?
Will you leave me alone in a dark mood?
Will you leave me so unsatisfied?
God would have the golden ring that I would have to wear if it were red-hot steel to get me to the brain.
Yes, my lord, but very idle words.
Please, my friends, defend me.
You are a lot of novices.
You are giving me bad advice.
Oh!
Thursday will be it.
You knew that I was in full power, and that I could not be executed by the gods.
Do not swear, do not commit with your spouse, do not put your sweet heart on the table.
Be patient, loving, and honor your reputation.
Watch her, stand close.
Watch him, because I love mockery, and because I know that this letter will make him a contemplative idiot.
Watch his work.
Watch how Antony is a man, and watch what he does to make him king.
Octavia has a holy, cold, and still conversation.
Octavia weeps to take part in the battle from Rome.
Octavius, I have seen more days than you.
Octavius, lead your battle softly on the left side of the field.
Octavius, take him to follow you, who did the latest service to my master.
Sir Toby set me to do it.
A certain knight who swore that they were good pancakes, and that the mustard was naughty.
Of a snail?
You are a strange person, but you cannot be pushed by the Venetian law as you do.
You have never heard of Albany and Cornwall’s powers?
I came to the day our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
It is very strange that men fear death, and death is a necessary end when it comes to death.
Everything I have seen tells me you remember me.
Of the thousand fighting men, they have a total of three.
Do not be afraid of her.
It has its own color.
Of love?
Of lusty earls, Grandpré and Roussi, Fauconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, and
Mantua.
I know that my uncle will give me a toy, and that is not a sad thing to do.
I am not sure of anyone who has been jealous, but who has been jealous.
Of one man, who, like the Indian, threw away a pearl more Rich than all his tribes.
There are twenty-six princes in this group, and twenty-six nobles in this group, with banners.
Of such high and plenuous wit and invention!
There is little or no.
The sailors, the king’s ship, tell us how you landed, and the rest of your fleet.
Thirty-one people.
We will hear more about this.
I would like to say that I am not going to do that.
Pompey is seeking us, or he will seek us.
It is very bad.
Of what?
What kind of cock should this cock come from?
I do not know what you have done, but you are a hunter, as bloody as you are, who is waiting at the orchard end.
What age and years is he?
What you are inciting us to do.
What, lady?
Of when?
Of your skin.
Off with his son George’s head.
Throw it off with that bauble.
Get off, get off!
You offended us, not the king.
Officers, what offense have these men committed?
I have heard of men who are in a sanctuary, but I have never heard of children who are in a sanctuary.
Wait until then.
Are you with me?
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, my fair warrior!
Let’s go, Prince Dauphin!
I knew this husband, who, you say, must wash his horns with a sand.
It is weary thinking.
Well done!
Yes, I saw her face as beautiful as the daughter of Agenor had in her face.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, it is a gallant king!
She is foul.
It is treason.
It is ill done, it is ill done, by my hand, it is ill done.
It was a scream to frighten a monster’s ear, to make an earthquake.
It will be a good thing!
You were a cherubim who kept me.
I wish you well.
Oh, a thousand times, and then that is so gentle!
Are you here, Iago?
Yes, as flies in the bushes, that is like blowing.
Yes, yes, Curtis, and therefore fire, fire.
Oh, yes.
Do not banish me, my lord, but do not kill me.
Be sick, great greatness, and ask your ceremony to cure you.
Look how pomp is followed.
The ship’s riches are coming on shore.
Beware of jealousy, my lord.
Oh, bloody prank!
Oh brave Iago, that is a noble sense of your friend’s wrongness.
I am afraid.
She is wise.
Oh, but she will keep her word.
No, I am not.
I will be much older by this count than I have been before.
By whom?
Caesar, this Charmian lived only now.
Please come quickly, dispatch.
Could you speak, so I could hear you call Caesar an ass who is unfaithful?
I am a coward, so long as I can see my best friend standing before my face.
It is a curse that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites.
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Please, defend me.
Oh, devil, devil!
Did he?
Send me.
Do not think you are standing on the shore and seeing a city dance in the sand, because this fleet is holding its course to Harfleur.
Do not wish for another one.
Oh, do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
Oh, excellent!
I am wrongly murdered.
Farewell!
Farewell!
Be merciful, you slanderer!
I will fie on you, I will strumpet!
Be careful.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, fie!
Let’s go, great king, to see the field safely and dispose of their dead bodies.
Oh, God, I am good.
God protect me.
He has given us an example for our flight, most grossly by his own words.
He has murdered his master!
He is just in my mistress’s case, just in her case.
Oh, he is gone.
He is a lovely gentleman.
He has returned, and he is as pleasant as ever.
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Oh, heaven forgive us!
God have mercy on me.
How did she get out?
Oh, I am a big man.
Help!
Help!
Here it is.
I will rest here forever and shake the stars yoke from this witty world.
Oh, here is a cheveril wit, all ranging from an inch narrow to an inch wide.
We know what is going on in a frippery. Put off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh, ho!
Oh, horrible, horrible, most horrible!
How he loves Caesar!
How long have I been to talk to her?
How I love you!
I am so angry about his face now.
I am out of breath in this insane chase.
I am dead.
My lord, you have one eye left to see some mischief on him.
I am ruined by villains.
Oh, I am gone, I am gone!
I could play the woman with my eyes and braggart with my tongue.
I could weep my spirit out of my eyes.
I am dying for food.
I followed the one that I am blushing at.
I have heard him speak of that brother, and he made him the most unnatural man who lived among men.
I have read it.
I have suffered with those who I saw suffer.
I was damned in hell, but I did not have any reason to go to this extreme.
If it turns out to be true, the tastiest safts are kind and love is fresh.
If you only knew how to do it, you would be a fool.
In this love, you love your child so badly that you run crazy, seeing that she is well.
Is it coming to this?
Is that all?
Is this him?
It came to me like a sweet sound, which breathes on a bank of violets, smelling and giving odor to the ear.
It is terrible, terrible.
It is my love.
It is a bad thing to hear a prank-pated fellow tear a passion to pieces, to split the ears of the groundlings, who are capable of nothing.
Lay me on my mistress’s side.
Let me see you walk.
I hope heaven protects him from the elements, because I have lost his life on the sea.
Let their bodies follow, my dear king, to win your right.
Let’s go.
Let’s be merciful.
Look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Let’s end what I have begun.
Oh, my lieutenant!
My lord, mickle is the power that lies in herbs, plants, and stones.
Oh misfortune!
That is terrible!
Oh, most lame conclusion!
I am afraid some bad thing.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
My fortune has corrupted honest men.
My heart bleeds to think about the teen I have turned you to, which is not my memory.
My lord, we have ten proofs to prove that we have won.
Oh, my pardon!
Oh, my souls joy!
No, good Kate.
No, I am not.
Oh, noble weakness!
Goodbye to the calm mind.
Now you cry, and I think you feel the pity of pity.
Now, who will see the royal captain of this ruined band?
Oh, Oh!
It is ominous.
On my soul, my cousin is belied.
Oh, you have no hope, you have no hope.
Please pardon me, Signior Gremio, I would rather do something.
Oh, quick, or I am gone.
Oh, that is rare for Antony.
You are rarely a base.
The relationship is too nice, but it is true.
Say that, and so be.
She is teaching the torches to burn bright.
Oh, she is lame!
She is ten times more gentle than her father is, and he is harsh.
She knew well that your love was written by someone who couldn’t spell it.
She was foul! I did not know you.
She was heavenly!
She will sing the savage sound of a bear.
A foot so light will never wear out the everlasting flint.
Tell me.
It is strange.
It is strange.
I am going to sleep like this, so I could see another man like that.
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, temperance, lady!
It is ten times faster than the pigeons of Venus flies to seal love’s bonds, new ones, and more often than they are unable to keep their faith
I think that one woman who refused to marry another should be tricked.
I hope a man can know what has happened to this day.
Oh, that brave Caesar!
Oh, that estates, degrees and offices were not corrupted, and that honor was inherited by the wearer.
That is what they say.
That is not what you are sure of.
I would not be able to serve that lady and be delivered to the world until I had made my own decision.
I wish I were a fool.
I wish I were a glove on that hand so I could touch that cheek.
I wish I were a man for his sake.
I wish I were a man.
I wish I could see such a king!
That record is so vivid!
She knew she was.
That the earth, which kept the world in awe, should patch a wall to protect itself from the winter storms.
That slave had forty thousand lives.
We had only ten thousand of those men in England who are not working today.
We could come here by Caesar’s spirit and not dismember Caesar.
The woman who cannot make her husband’s occasion look like a fool will never be a child herself.
Oh, that you were too busy with what I am doing.
Oh, that your frowns would teach me such skill.
Your Highness knew my heart in this matter. I never loved my brother in my life.
That is a brave man.
That is a good thing. The chair!
The cry knocked on my heart.
Oh, the difference between man and man.
Oh, the good gods!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the heavens!
The more angel she is, the more blacker devil!
The people in the street cry “Romeo,” some “Juliet,” and some “Paris,” and run out of anger toward our monument.
The world does not have a sweeter creature, but she might lie by the side of an emperor and command him to do his job.
She was old and gentle, and you rode, like a kern of Ireland, off your French hose and in your straight strossers.
You will get more money.
I see that madmen have no ears.
We are going to bring out weeds when our quick minds are still alive, and our ills have told us that is our earing.
I see that Queen Mab has been with you.
What I love is, he has turned heaven into hell.
There has been a lot of brain damage.
Oh, so it hangs a tail.
Oh, these flaws and starts, which are real threats, would well be a woman’s story in a winter’s fire, authorized by her grandma.
Oh, these men, these men!
They are our friends.
They are taking on a better role than myself.
Do you think we will ever meet again?
Oh, this wicked man of Egypt!
This is the thing that makes your servants droop.
This is the reason for your deepest grief.
Oh, you are wrong.
Oh, you are wise!
Oh, you never loved that much.
You are going to talk about banishment again.
Oh, your vile lady!
Oh, it is treason of the blood!
Oh, ten times more pain on that slut than your wicked sense has deprived you of.
I am a villain!
Oh, villain!
You are villainous!
Oh, bad, bad!
Was she?
Good-bye, Lady.
What a falsehood that is good for you.
Oh, what a rogue and a peasant slave I am!
What a strange world this is when someone has entrusted the man who has inherited it.
What authority and truth can a sinner hide with?
What a good idea!
When she wrote it and read it over, she found “Benedick” and Beatrice between the sheets.
Where is Romeo?
Where did you lead me, Egypt?
Who did this deed?
Why are you complaining about the man who loves you so much?
The widow Dido?
The war has gotten rid of you.
What a sad day!
Oh wonder!
Oh, what a wonderful thing!
Oh, wretched villain!
Yes, I heard them all, and more, because some of them had more feet in them than the verses would bear.
I am sorry I killed them.
I have heard our fathers say that Brutus once was the one who would have fought for your eternal devil to keep his state in Rome as easily as a king.
You are men of stones.
Malvolio, you are sick of self-love, and hungry.
Oh!
Old Cassius.
Old fashions please me best.
I am old, and honor is cudgeled from my legs.
Old Lord, I cannot blame you, who is attached to my good health, for ruining my spirits.
Old Montague is coming, and he is still alive.
I have only arrived here since I arrived at a moderate pace.
In a dream, I would beg you to tell me that we were separated from them and brought here to mop.
On each side were savage boys, like smiling Cupids with colorful fans, whose wind sounded like it was the glow they wore when
On Fortune’s cap we are not the button.
I will give him what you want from him, the right and fortune of his happy stars, which God defends that I should wring from him.
Who has stopped and is missing out on me?
On me, whose all that is not Edward’s?
I beg you to scold me for a bit of raiment, bed, and food.
We are floating on the same sea now, and we have to take advantage of the current when it serves us or lose our business.
Sleep well on the ground.
On the sixth hour, my lord, you said our work should stop.
It is not a bad thing to wear on their clothes, but a fresher one than before.
On Thursday, sir?
I will give you a chance to stay.
I am advising you on your love.
On Tuesday noon, or night, or Wednesday morning.
What can I do to do?
If God knows what happens, you and your brother, York, have taken refuge in the queen.
On, gentlemen.
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on
Go on, to the field!
On.
Now, remove your sword, my friends.
Once again to the wall, dear friends, or once more close the wall with our English dead.
Again, goodbye.
Once more, Cesario, get out of the same cruelty that the sovereigns have committed.
Good night, gentlemen.
Once more, what is the news?
One man who is aloof is a sentinel.
Angelo, a goldsmith.
One cried, “God bless us!” and “Amen” to the other, as they had seen me with these hangman’s hands.
Is there a man dead or a drunk?
I do not know how much a bad word can affect liking.
A man who is draught over the heat makes him a fool, the second makes him mad, and the third drowns him.
Someone ever near you.
One face, one voice, one habit, and two people.
Is there a man more beautiful than the one I love?
One from the Lord Stanley.
One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.
I live, and as I live, I am a virgin.
One inch of delay is more than a South Sea discovery.
One of us is too poor for me to get revenge.
I will kiss you, and I will descend.
One knocks.
One knocks.
Someone who is minded like the weather, most unquietly.
One of my fellows had the speed of a man, almost dead for breath, who had barely made up his message.
One of them is the one who wins and loses all the money.
One of them showed me a ring he had of your daughter for a monkey.
One of these three is a picture of her.
One side will mock another, the other will.
I loved one of you.
You will be freed by one stroke of the amount you pay.
One old Frederick, your father, loves.
One more thing, I will try to make one of these wooers.
One thing inexplicable thing shows me another, to make me disgrace.
One way I like this.
One of the worst things is treading so fast on another’s heel. Your sister drowned, Laertes.
A word more will make me remark on you, if not hate you.
One more thing, honest neighbors.
One more thing.
One thing, sir.
One would think his mother’s milk was too bad for him.
God has made him a man, gentlewoman, to be a martyr.
Where are my slippers?
I am telling you, he is more likely to do than you have heard him brag about you.
One?
One.
We will give you the reason why I have now taken care of Caesar when I struck him.
Please forgive me for this.
I will kiss you very soon.
Just give me permission to follow you, as unworthy as I am.
Only he has not yet agreed to this.
I will die for a moment until I have gotten over many thousand kisses from the poor.
I am only saying things have been carried strangely.
I will not give up to die.
Only in the world I am occupying a place that can be better placed when I have made it empty.
I stood out, and if I were thrown in this place, I would pay my respects if I were thrown.
Only the adulterous, abominable Antony, who turns you off and gives his powerful regiment to a thorn that threatens us.
I cannot afford her, because if she were other than she is, she would be untouchable.
I will do anything to keep them from being beaten.
Open it and read it.
Open the tomb.
Open your gates.
Open the door, locks, anyone who knocks.
Ophelia, come here.
Or any of your factions?
Or as if it were perfumed with a fen.
Or be alive again, and dare me to the desert with your sword.
Was it a blessing that we did?
Did you come across a good argument as you are saying?
Or something weaker will master you.
Did I dream about it?
Did the letters work on his blood and create his fault?
Are you fake?
Are you playing the jack to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan is a rare carpenter?
Or docks, or sluts.
Is he walking?
Or else it stood for friends to choose love by their eyes.
Or else she would not have the wit to do this.
Or else, what is going on?
Did we eat on the insane root that is a prisoner’s fault?
Or the man who killed her brothers and uncles?
Or here or at the Capitol.
Or am I forgetting myself?
I do not care.
Or I will either live or bathe my honor in the blood and make it live again.
Or I, I swear.
Or I will tell him your indignation.
If not, your first child is dead or as good as his own, as he was living here and you did not use him.
If not, I will hit it right here. Romeo has not been in bed tonight.
If you follow me, you will be punished.
If you have not broken away from business, like my passion now makes me love, you have never loved it.
If you have not sat as I have now, you have been scolded by your mistress’s praise, and you have not loved.
If you have ruined your life by destroying your earth’s treasure, which often kills you, tell me about it.
Or is that an image of that horror?
Is he on his horse?
Is the eel better than the eel because his painted skin is full of eyes?
Are your ewes and rams made of gold and silver?
Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to sew and marry.
Or like a whale.
Or neither?
Or mine either?
Or, bottomless, that you get out of love.
Do I tell you in the clearest terms that I do not or cannot love you?
Do what you want.
Say sweet love, what you want to eat.
Or should I say her uncle?
Should I think she is immuled in silver, which is ten times less valuable than gold?
Should we continue without apology?
Do I sleep now and think I hear all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or that any friend I had would be a man for my sake.
Or to be naked with her friend in bed for an hour or more, without any harm?
What are you doing?
Who pronounced the death sentence before a law could allow me to be sentenced?
Are you planning to hunt?
Would you like me to speak like a tyrant to their sex?
If I fail, I will at least be jealous of the Moor so much that I cannot tolerate judgment.
If he writes his mind, give me his letter.
Or, if sorrows are in fellowship and are more grieving than other griefs, why not when she said, “Tybalt is dead,” “your father” or “your mother.”
If you swear by your gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, I will believe you.
If you borrow from another’s love for the moment, you can return it once more when you do not hear any more about Pompey.
If you do not, make the bridal bed in the dim tomb where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you want, come to me home and I will wait for you.
Orlando is recommending him to you both, and he sends this bloody message to the boy he calls his Rosalind.
Orlando, my liege, is the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, be happy to see you scolde me by the names you give me.
Orsino, this is Antonio who took the king, and this is Antonio who took him when your young nephew Titus lost his leg.
Orsino.
Let some of you leave behind, and he will bring you to our commission.
Oh, what?
Othello’s job has gone.
Some women eat food, but she makes food wherever she satisfies most, because the vile things are in her, that the holy priests Bless her when she
Our arms are in awe of sorrow, and our hearts are in love with our brothers.
Our army will attend this funeral solemnly, then to Rome.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
My brother is imprisoned by your means, I am disgraced, and the noblest is held in contempt.
We are so pityful that we are your friend.
Caius Cassius, we will seem too bloody to cut off Caesar’s head and then hack our limbs, like death and envy.
I went to find him, and he did not come here.
We are doing our duties, and we are giving them the pledge.
We are your duty.
Our enemies have driven us to the pit.
We are expecting to see this day end.
Banquo’s responsibilities are deepened, and the royal family of his own is reigning the fear that is feared.
Our forces are on land, and they are noble men.
Our fortune lies in this jump.
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks in a terrible way.
Our nurse is a good friend, and he has a good reputation for being a good nurse.
I have sat on our ship, sir, and I bought the oil, balm, and water from him.
Our friends are waiting for you.
Our general swore so early for the love of Desdemona, who let us not blame him.
Our general’s wife is now the general.
Our good old friend, give us advice and comfort in dealing with it.
Our noble brother, I will go with them.
Our hour is full.
Our house is hell, and you, a merry devil, robbed it of some tedious work.
Our wedding is a sad burial feast.
Our Italy is shattered with civil war.
Our knocking has awakened him.
Our masquing mates will stay here at this time.
Our master and mistress are looking for you.
Our posts will be swift and intelligent. Goodbye, dear sister.
Our power is ready.
We are ready to get them.
Our business is going to be troublesome.
God has discovered our purpose and I am more sorry for my fault than for my death, which I ask your Highness to forgive me for.
Our queen and all her elves are coming.
Our reasons are so good that if you were Antony, the son of Caesar, you would be satisfied.
Our separated fortune will keep us both safe.
Our separation is so long and fleeting that you, who live here, are still with me, and I therefore remain with you.
Our sunk navy has reassembled and reassembled its armor, threatening the sea.
I may be as good at treating you as I did, even though I feel the only reason I am hurt.
Our sadness must be as large as the one that makes it.
Our solemn hymns to the king’s funerals change, our bridal flowers are a burial corse, and everything is changed to the contrary.
Our son will win.
Our time is right now.
My tongue is rough, cousin, and my condition isn’t smooth.
Our troops are going tomorrow.
The war has ended, and the Turks have been drowned.
Our entire city is bound to him.
Our plan is to take Antony alive.
Then heaven will change our worse thoughts.
Our yoke and suffering show us that we are womanish.
We will mingle with the society and play the humble host.
We are not ourselves.
That was my lady’s voice.
I swear, you are out of the moon.
I am out of tune, sir.
Are you out of your mind and hearing too?
He is not yet transported.
I am out of sight.
Do not be offended, dear Cesario.
They dragging their saddles out of the dirt, and then a story is hung.
There is much to be learned from these converts.
She is out of here, hilding!
Look at you.
Get out of her!
Get out of here, old lord!
Come on!
Come, come!
Come, fool.
Get out, you useless poison.
Get out of here, a brief candle.
Out, tawny tawny tawny tawny!
Out, treacherous villain!
You are out of luck.
You green sickness, carrion!
Out.
Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, over park, over pale, Thorough flood, and fire.
I tell you, over your wounds, you opportunize their lips like dumb mouths, to beg my voice and speak my tongue.
Ha!
Pale or red?
Please forgive me, dear Rosalind.
Please forgive me.
Please forgive me, sweet man, for the vows we made to each other so recently.
Pardon me.
Do not pardon that.
Please forgive my frankness if I answer you for that.
Pardon this fault, and I swear I will never make an oath with you again.
Please forgive me, dear father.
Pardon me, master.
Please forgive me, my lord.
Please forgive me, sweet father.
Part them.
Have you been pitying well?
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I will say good night until it is morrow.
Go!
Get out of here.
I see passion is getting caught, because I see those sorrowful beads in yours, poured into water.
All of us were talking.
Question, because you see it will not curl by nature.
Past mid season.
Let’s go.
Be calm.
Be calm, gentle Audrey.
Farewell, sir.
Please, please.
Be patient, I say.
Pause for a moment, and let my counsel guide you in this case.
Pay him six thousand and pay him the debt.
Let’s go with Burgundy.
So, calm down.
Quiet!
Let’s go.
Quiet, children, quiet.
Peace, doting wizard, peace.
Be quiet, fool.
Be quiet, fool.
Quiet, Grumio.
Stop, for shame.
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet, I say.
Peace, peace, Iras.
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, sir.
Be quiet, Smulkin.
Peace, this piece of cheese will do it.
Be quiet, you dull fool.
Quiet, you foolish fool!
You rogue, do not worry about that.
You were the best.
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet.
Quiet. Who is this?
Peaseblossom.
I will sing it at her death.
I will walk again.
What do you think, sailors?
He will never mind me.
She cannot meet him.
Perchance until after Theseus’s wedding day.
I will never go home, Iago.
What is the point?
You were locked up in your doors, and you were shut out.
I will get lucky, but I will love you.
I must admit I thought you were a more gentle man.
Do it, or else we will punish you.
Maybe I will return immediately.
Maybe some merchant invited him to dinner, and he has gone somewhere.
Maybe you have learned it without a book.
Let’s see what you are talking about.
I will be in a better position when I turn my back, and I will be in a better position when I turn my back.
I would rather be a slave and a prostitute than a prostitute.
Peter Quince— What do you say, Bottom is going to die?
Peter, did you ever see the same thing?
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter!
Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son, a man well known in Italy.
Petruchio, go on your way.
Petruchio, patience.
Let’s go.
Phoebe wrote it.
With all my heart, Phoebe.
Take out our imperfections with your thoughts.
Pindarus, ask our commanders to take their charges a little further off this ground.
Take him to us like a thief.
I gave my father and my first job as a merchant, Vincentio.
Pish for you, Iceland dog, you prick-eared curfew of Iceland!
Pish!
Pish!
Pitchers have ears.
What a pitiful sight!
I thought he would be so brave and sane, that I would have seen him be damned if I had challenged him.
It is too harsh to say something plain and not honest.
Plantagenet.
Play the men.
Play with your fancies and see, on the cliffs, shipboys climb.
Would you like your highness to grace us with your royal company?
Please, what is your Grace doing?
Please, please, go on to the state affairs.
Please come near and listen to the music.
Please, go further.
Please, sir, do not omit the heavy offer.
Please, let me stay.
Please walk with me to his house, I will pay my debt and thank you.
If you ask your Grace to appoint some members of your council to sit with us once more, we will give you our answer
If your Majesty wants to leave, I will meet my friends and meet you wherever and when you like.
The time is short.
I have set dangerous plans by making drunken prophecies, making dreams, and making my brother Clarence and the king stand against each other.
Put his name out of his heart and make him a man.
Put out his eyes.
Take them away.
Get out of here.
Let me put my heart on hold and be sad.
When they shook the entrails of an offer, they couldnt find a heart inside the beast.
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
I see, it has been his lifelong journey.
That is the one who has been panned.
Today Pompey laughs away his fortune.
Pompey is strong at sea, and it seems that he is loved by those who only feared Caesar.
Pompey is a bit bleak.
You are talking like a young girl who is unfaithful and dangerous.
He is rich enough, and rich enough.
Poor Antony!
Poor bird!
Poor heart, adieu.
I am only a poor man.
Poor lady, when she gets pregnant, she will run crazy.
Poor living corpse, closed in a dead man’s tomb.
Poor man!
Are you poor men alone?
I was separated from her and her judgment, even if we were mere beasts.
Poor painted queen, I am a vain king.
Poor prattler, how are you talking?
Poor soul, your face is beaten with tears.
Poor man!
Poor people, they died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his mind.
Poor Tom will lead you.
Poor Tom, your horn is dry.
Poor Tom is chilly.
That is something.
Poor venomous fool, be angry and be ready.
Portia is dead.
Portia, goodbye.
Portia, are you gone?
Portia, forgive me for this imposed wrong, and I swear to you, by your beautiful eyes, wherein I see myself. Do not be afraid to do that
Portia, what do you mean?
Do not be afraid of them.
Go quickly to him and tell him what he wants.
Go to Salisbury.
Send me a message.
Pour in the blood of her hussy who has eaten nine farrows.
I will endure.
Do not worry about it.
Please be God, not our strength, for it.
What do you have to say, James Soundpost?
Please, sir.
Please, he is still oath.
Please, I say, I am a useless coward.
Your wife is not sending you a worse one.
I am sorry I am wrong about you.
I hope it is heaven’s state that is important, as you think, and does not have any conception or jealous toy about you.
I have served him, and I command him like a full soldier.
Now, rest.
Please, corporal, stay.
Please go find him, and bring him to my tent.
Please marry us.
Please Margaret, I am sure you deserve my help by helping me speak with Beatrice.
Please, take some time to calm down your snoring spirit, so I will not be fooled into the place I go to, and lose my hopes
Please go.
Please, sir.
Please be patient.
Please come in.
Do not be shy, sir.
Please, lead me on.
Please forgive and forget.
Please do not do so now, because I have lost my command.
Please sit still.
Please do not worry about it.
Please go away.
Please be careful.
Please go with us.
Please hurry up your generals.
If it is true, please give it to me, because I am too slow to study.
Is he married to Cleopatra?
Please, keep your seat.
Please, let’s go, good monsieur.
Let me see Cassio again.
Please, let’s not have any more fooling about it, but give me your blessing.
Let’s sit together.
Please do not be sad, and do not complain about loath.
Please do not worry about this.
Do you know about this?
Please, sir, stand up.
Now we sit down and chat as well as eat.
Please tell him I am a vassal of his fortune, and I will send him the greatness he has.
Please, tread carefully so that the mole cannot hear a foot fall.
Please, chuck, come here.
Please do not mock me.
Please give me that.
Are you a virtuous and virtuous daughter named Katherina?
Please put it down and rest.
Please, sir, be patient.
I beg you to tell me one.
What do you think is his name?
Please write down “Borachio.”
Prepare the body, then, and follow us.
We will be ready for our wedding, my Lord of Burgundy, and all the other men’s wives, for the wedding.
Prepare yourself, generals.
Do not tell us what we are doing.
Now, I am away, because strange sores are causing the cure. Let’s die to live.
Is it now?
Right now.
Press him and second him.
Pretty soul!
Primo, secundo, tertio is a good play, and the old saying is that the third is paying for everything.
You will stay with us in Rouen.
This morning, Prince John was stolen.
Princes and comts!
Princes have only their titles for their glories, an honor for an inward toil.
Prison, my lord?
Please, give me some respect.
Please say true.
Go away.
Please, be cheerful.
Please, be content.
Please do not be angry.
Please, hurry up.
Please do not turn me around.
Let’s go know Cassio where he was tonight.
Please, friend, listen to me, both good and bad.
Go inside.
Please, how many boys and girls should I have?
Please tell me if you love me.
Please keep up your quillets.
Please listen well.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Please do not worry.
Please, my mother, be happy.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please put up.
Please, tell me.
Please, see there.
Please, who are you talking about?
Go ahead, Moon.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Solinus, get my fall and end all the suffering.
Go ahead.
Proculeius, what your master Caesar knows, and he sent for you.
Give me life, and I will confess the truth.
Tell all our friends to do it for me, sir, because in my heart they are welcome.
Tell me that sentence, my lord.
Well, then, tell me: women can fall when men are not strong.
Go ahead.
Evidence enough to misuse the Prince, slash Claudio, undo Hero, and kill Leonato.
“Good,” “I thank you,” and “not thank you.”
If you prove that I have lost more blood with love than I have with drinking, then take my eyes on the door with a spoon and hang me
I am going to be for you now, brother.
Tell me what your heart desires.
Do whatever he wants.
Do not fight until we have finished at sea.
What is “ Puppet”?
Go ahead and bring him to peace.
Push back home.
Put a color in your cheek.
Put a lot of money in your pocket.
Put money in your purse.
Put off your maiden blushes, and avouch your thoughts with the look of an empress.
Put on my crown.
Put on what you are a savage man, you and your fellow servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light, and then put it out.
Put them in motion.
Put your sword in place or take it away to take these men with me.
Put your sword on the sword.
Put your torches out.
Pyramus is near the wall.
Quiet, crush, conclude, and quell!
Quiet, sir?
Queen Margaret saw your bloody frightening, the one you bended against her breast once.
Asking is a big deal for him.
Question it, Horatio.
Ask how generous he was in the presence of their noble counsels, how well in the presence of those counsels, how modest in the exception and how terrible in constant resolution.
Why, an hour in a squeak and a quarter in rheum?
Quick, quick!
Let me have it soon.
Send your writ to the castle, because my writ is about Lear and Cordelia.
Quiet, you sneeze.
Is that dumb?
Be quiet, my master.
Rage, blow!
Wake up the Montagues.
You have put your good words in my ears, that long time has been barren.
Rapier and dagger.
Rarely, rarely.
Ratcliffe, come to my tent around midnight and help me out of my armor.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, it is me.
Ratcliffe!
I would rather have a ditch in Egypt to be a gentle grave.
I would rather go to bed early than be late.
Instead, make my country’s high pyramids my gibbet and hang me in chains.
Instead, lay me in the Nile mud and let the flies blow me into a rage.
You are more likely to see him with his judgment.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony.
Read it.
Read the will.
Read the will.
Read this challenge.
Read.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Get ready, my lord.
You are ready, sir.
I am ready.
I am ready.
Realms and islands dropped from his pocket as plates dropped from his pocket.
The dead will never rise until the forests of Birnam rise, and the life of nature will be lived by our high-ranking father.
Is it a rebellion at these times?
Get it.
Get what you want.
Do not refuse it.
Do not refuse this love for you.
Regan, I hope you did not know about it. Who is this?
Regan, I think you are.
Titinius, tell me what you are not aware of on the field.
Relent and save your souls.
Relent, sweet Hermia. And Lysander, give me my right to do it.
Relentless?
Stay in the darkness.
Remember to possess his books first, because without them he is just a savage, like I am, and he does not have any spirit to command.
Remember it, my lord?
Remember March, remember March’s lands.
Remember me.
Remember me. I have sworn I will.
Remember our reward when the deed is done.
Remember that you call on me today.
Remember you.
Remember what I have said.
Remember who praised your yellow stockings?
Do you remember anyone who died of it?
Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
Renown and grace are dead.
Renowned duke, please come with us and listen to our situation at large.
You are a good man, or you will be ruined.
Is he paying for my service with such deep contempt?
I will say that you will lose your friend, and he will not repent that he is paying your debt.
I am sorry you have been so trampled by your tongue.
Do not reply.
The news is a changeable thing.
I will take you there while I go to this hard house.
Reproach and everlasting shame sit in our bushes.
Reputation, reputation, reputation!
Rescue, dear lord, or the day has been lost.
Rescue, my lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Reserve them until a better time.
Rest happy!
Have a good day!
Go to the place where you are staying.
Come back to our bedroom.
Retire!
Return to her, and fifty men were dismissed.
Come with her?
Return to my sister.
Return to the gracious duke, good Catesby.
Returned so soon?
Revenge his horrible murder and murder.
Revenge.
Revenges burn in them, because their terrible causes would cause the mortified man to be bleed and be a savage alarm.
Revolving this will teach you how to curse yourself.
Richard, except those who fight against us would rather win than follow him.
Richard loves Richard, that is me and I.
Richard of York, how is our loving brother?
Richard, the intelligence man of hell, still lives, but only occupied the power to buy souls and send them to the world.
Richard!
Richmond is on the sea.
A raging confession is only a riddling shrift.
Ride to the horsemen on another hill.
Do you ride this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, and give these orders to the Allied forces on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I am glad he wasn’t in this fight.
We are very happy to see you, most worthy brother of England.
It is true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him, or that both of them disapprove of me.
Good, dear madam.
That is true, as snow is in the harvest.
I mean you.
Ring the bell.
I am a rooster, to be engulfed with promises made by the mouth that break themselves apart by swearing.
Rise and listen.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you have to play Thisbe’s mother.
Roderigo?
Roderigo!
Rogue, you have lived too long.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers.
Rome has lost the breed of noble men.
Romeo can, even though heaven can.
Romeo has been banished.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must not live.
Romeo will thank you, daughter, both for our efforts.
Romeo killed him, and Mercutio killed him.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo, go away.
Romeo, come out.
Romeo cried out, “Hold, friends!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, will you come to your father’s house?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo! What is this blood that stains the stony entrance of the tomb?
Romeo.
Romeo is a dish that is good for him.
There is room for Antony, most noble Antony.
There is room for you.
There is room for you.
Your love’s name is Rosalind.
I am one of you.
Rosalind is a better man than you are.
Round, even to faultiness.
I answered quickly.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
I have ever honored him as my king, loved him as my father, followed him as my master, and I have always thought of him as my master.
The Royal Queen!
Royal wench!
Rub him around the temples.
A ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow, for tender princes, use my babies well.
Rumble your bellyful!
I tell you abroad that Anne, my wife, is very sick.
Run after that scolded messenger, the king’s servant.
Run away, please.
Run away, proclaim, and scream in the streets.
Run one of you before the Queen and tell her about our actions.
Run to the Capitol and nothing else.
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall on your knees, and pray to the gods to stop this plague.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, Oh, run!
Sad, lady.
Saddle my horses.
He is safe in a ditch with twenty-five twigs on his head, which is the least death to nature.
Stay safe, Antony.
Safely stowed.
I am safer than I would be afraid to trust you too far.
Didn’t he say that?
Did you say that?
They say, sailors, my lord.
Saint Davy’s Day has passed.
Saint Francis, be my speed!
Valentine’s Day is over.
Saints do not move, even if they grant for prayers’ sake.
She has smothered you there.
Satan, do not worry.
Save the means to live.
Goodbye, Curan.
You are welcome, friend, and your music.
Goodbye, Cassio!
Goodbye, sir.
Good general, save you.
You are saving your humor, here is the note of how much your chain weighs to the highest carat, how fine the gold is, and how good it is
Saw who?
Have you seen anything?
Did you see him today?
Have you seen me?
Did you see anything else?
Did you see the king today, my lord of Derby?
Did you see the weird sisters?
Did you see him enter this abbey?
Did you see the savage Lord Northumberland?
If it is not true, I will give you a province and make you happy.
No, Orlando, men are like April when they are wooing, and December when they are married.
Say again, where did you leave these thorns?
Say boldly.
Say either, and I will keep the situation.
Tell me why you stopped our way on this hot day with such prophetic greetings.
Say I am sick.
Say I will love her forever.
Say I am her sovereign, I am her subject.
Say it is done, and I will love you and prefer you for it.
Say it, Othello.
Do not say that, Agrippa.
Do not say that.
Say goodbye, my lord.
We will have to leave soon.
She is mute and will not speak a word.
Say she will be a high and mighty queen.
Say that I did all this for her love.
Say that I waited with you at your shop to see the fabric of her carcanet, and that you will bring it home tomorrow.
Say I did not slew them.
Say that I wish he never had any reason to be king.
I will say she frowns, and she looks as clear as roses werehed with dew.
Say she is a sling; then I will tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Say some woman who loves you as much as Olivia loves you.
Say the last word I spoke was “Antony,” and, prit, say it in a pitiful way.
Say they are not doing their jobs.
Say you heard us, and try to convince her to sneak into the sand where the sun ripened the honeysuckles forbid the sun to enter.
Say you do not love me, but say that not bitterly.
Say that I am still alive.
If this becomes him, as he is very brave, he does not blemish.
Say “Yes,” and that bare vowel is more than the death-darking eye of cockatrice.
Tell me whose fortunes will rise, Caesar or mine?
Tell the king I would like to go to his house for a few words.
Tell the king the truth about the king’s story, as long as you left it.
Say what you want, but I know what I know.
Is Horatio there?
Say you have wronged her.
Do you think so?
What do you say?
Say, “the brave Antony.” The brave Caesar!
Do you agree that they will die?
What is the cost?
What is that?
Say, if you would rather hear it from our mouths or from our masters’.
Is your tardy master at hand?
My spirit, how are the king and his followers doing?
Say, uncle Gloucester, if my brother comes, where will we go until our coronation?
Say, Voltemand, what is the news from our brother Norway?
What?
Tell me that, friend.
Do you think so?
Do you think the house is dark?
Sblood is a traitor as any in the world, or in France, or in England.
You will not hear me.
Sblood, do you think I am more comfortable playing than a pipe?
There is something more natural about it than that, if the philosopher could find it.
Do not scold my cups and make me as much as I did when my empire was yours too.
Scape being drunk for wanting to drink.
Does “Sconce” call you it?
Scorn and defiance, slight respect, contempt, and anything that does not make him a mighty sender are things he rewards you.
Look for him at the corner of the orchard like a sneeze.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
It would not be as beautiful as yours to be.
Scurvy tyrant!
Scurvy tyrant!
Seafaring men, sir.
Seal then, and everything is done.
Wait a minute until we can understand these ambiguities and understand their origin, their head, and their true descent.
Search the fields for him every acre and bring him to our eyes.
Search for the cause of this murder.
I searched the window for a flint and found this paper, sealed up in the sealed window so I could see it wasn’t there when I went to bed.
I will give you this marvel, as I am witnessing these gentlemen.
Are you Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father’s name, and my brother was that he went to his tomb.
Security gives way to conspiracy.
Look, Lear, and let me remain the true eye of you.
See for the news.
See him delivered, Fabian; bring him here.
See how she fought him.
Look how she leans her hand on her cheek.
Look how they kiss and court.
Look how the justice protects a simple thief.
See it done and feast the army.
Do not see me anymore, whether or not he is dead.
Do not see your bride in these unreliable robes.
I will give you more instructions.
Do not see you resemble me.
See what a savage Casca made.
Look at him.
See where his Grace is, two clergymen.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives as prisoners to her womanly persuasion.
Look, she is coming from a merry look.
Look where they come from.
Look, and then speak yourself.
See, Caesar!
Is he still alive?
Here he comes.
Look, it is dragging away.
Look, ladies, if they cant stop their nose against the rose that kneeled to the buds.
Look, here comes the man we were looking for.
See, our honored hostess!
They are greeted with their hearts.
Who is this?
Look, your wife is with him.
You will never see” if you ever see. Hold the chair. I will set my foot on your eyes.
Seek him to come here.
Look for him, Titinius, while I go to meet the noble Brutus, thrusting this news into his ears.
Look at it.
Seek your own ease.
Do not seek to know more.
Look for him, so he can escape his rage and kill the person who wants to lead it.
Seek!
Are they religious?
Do you see it?
You are here, this is the entrance to your cell.
Are you looking at this sweet sight?
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselme and his beauteous sisters;
A nice meeting between Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena.
I am jealous of you, savage, beat it down.
My liege, self-love is not as vile a sin as self-neglecting.
Send for him, uncle.
Send for the Count.
Send for the man and ask him.
Send him here, and I will make him look like a man.
Send one to Sir Toby.
Send more horses.
Send the deed to me, and I will sign it.
Send your man away.
Send your token of reprieve.
Send to his brother.
Send him to Macduff?
Servant-monster?
Serve God, love me, and heal me.
Serve God.
Serve you, sir.
Service.
Set up your venerable reputation and let him eat.
Set up your honorable duty as a listener, while I obsessively lament the untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
Set him up before me.
Wait a minute.
Set it down.
Put the stoups of wine on that table.
Tell me where you are standing.
Tell your wife to watch.
Set up, and do not leave out any ceremony.
We will put our squadrons on the hill, in view of Caesar’s battle, and then we will see the ship numbers and proceed accordingly.
Write this down.
Set your countenance, sir.
Rest your heart.
Seven days and seven nights?
Seven of my servants are obedient to his death.
Sextus Pompeius is approaching the port of Rome.
Seyton!
Seyton! This push will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
Shake it off.
Shake off sleep, which is a fake, and look at death itself.
Shake!” he shook the dovehouse.
Will it be tonight at supper?
Should Caesar send a lie?
Shall I live in this dull world, which is not better than a sty?
Shall I attend your Grace’s wedding?
Should I be scolded when a madman stares at me?
Should I be married tomorrow morning?
Shall I be plain?
Should I be tempted by the devil like this?
Shall I believe that death is amorous, and that the evil monster keeps you here to be his paramour?
Shall I deny you that?
Shall I go down?
Should I do such a thing?
Should I do what the Parthian darts, though they were enemy, lost their aim and couldn’t do?
Should I say something?
Should I go fetch your nightgown?
Should I go get my daughter to marry you?
Should I have some water?
Should I have the thought that such a thing that has been destroyed would make me sad?
Should I hear from you soon?
Should I keep your pigs and eat husks with them?
Shall I know your answer?
Should I die of perjury?
Shall I play my freedom at the shack and become your slave?
Should I tell Caesar what you want from him?
Shall I say to you, “Let them be free!
Should I speak in your mind?
Should I strike it with my sword?
Should I strike now?
Shall I tell you why?
Should I tell her that you are coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
It will not last long, but I will be back.
Shall they hoist me up and show me the clinging screams of Rome?
Shall they see us?
Should we be separated?
Should we call in the ambassador, my liege?
Should we slam into it roundly, without hawking or spitting or saying we are hoarsing?
Should we do that?
Should we give up and drown?
Should we go see the ruins of this town?
Should we go find Benedick and tell him about her love?
Should we send them dinners and fresh clothes and give their fasting horses a fight, and fight with them after that?
Will we go, cousin?
Should we hear from you when we sleep, Catesby?
Shouldn’t we, Sir Andrew?
Shall we?
Shall we play, sweet girl?
Should we lure the nightowl into a trap that will draw three souls out of one weaver?
Shall we see this wrestling match?
Shall we shog?
Shall we sound him?
Will we see their sane pageant?
Should we go to court?
Should you rot even in your love-springs?
You will see that your other daughter will use you kindly.
Shame on Romeo.
Shame on you.
Shame on ladies, sisters.
Shame, eternal shame, nothing but shame.
She ate no meat today, and no one will eat it.
She wants you to come to her.
She cannot be as intelligent and witful as a man, as to refuse a gentleman as rare as Signior Benedick.
She cannot deny it.
She cannot wait to hear about a husband.
She cannot love, and neither can love her.
She admits it.
She creeps.
She wants to hide in her bedroom before you go to bed.
She praised my yellow stockings of late, she praised my leg being cross-gartered, and in this she demonstrates herself to my love
She did.
She showed favor to the young man in your sight only to exasperate you, give you dormouse valor, and fire your heart
She died, my lord, but she lived while her slander was alive.
She is dying for it.
She strays around by holy crosses, kneeling and praying for happy marriage.
She is good.
She is false with Cassio.
She is not for Edward, and so do I.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
She gave it to Cassio?
She tells you to marry her.
She had a fear of what has happened.
She sang a song called Willow, a thing she remembers as a child, but it said her fortune and she died singing it.
She has fooled her father, and you may.
She always has a light on her face.
She has robbed me of my sword.
She has said something she shouldn’t have said, I am sure of that.
She has betrayed me and will die.
She is good enough to leave.
She has not seen the change of fourteen years.
She has stopped me.
She has already spied him with those sweet eyes.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.
She has, and in that way she makes huge wastes.
She is a monster in every place.
That day she appeared in the habiliments of the goddess Isis, and gave the audience what it is reported.
She is a royal princess.
She is a virtuous and reverend lady.
She has been banished.
She has scolded past peoples thoughts.
She is damned for it.
She is the daughter of the famous Duke of Milan, whom I have heard so often, but have never seen before.
She is dead.
She has already been drowned in salty water, though I am trying to drown her memory with more.
She is a dowry.
She is a perfect woman.
She is low-key.
She is sad when she sleeps, and not even then, because I have heard my daughter say she has dreamed of unhappiness and woke up laughing.
She is not well.
She is not worth you, then.
She is not, madam.
She is so kind, so kind, so smart, so generous, and she does not want to do anything more than she wants.
She is our capital demand, which is comprised of the relics of our articles.
She convinced me I would marry her because she loves me and because I love her, not because I promise her.
She is a protector of her honor, too.
She is spherical, like a globe.
She is stirring, sir.
She is your own. What, Ariel!
She is too big for me to compass.
She is too good, too wise, too good for me to get happiness.
She knows the heat of a luxurious bed.
She is alive.
She loved me for the dangers I had suffered, and I loved her for the way she pitted me against them.
She loves me, sure.
She looked at me so much that I thought her eyes had lost their tongue, because she was distracted.
She mocks all her wooers out of court.
She must be a woman.
She will be my sister, not my wife.
She is stealing me.
She gave her life, your name was so buried in her.
She replied that it would be better if he became her guest, which she said.
She is sending this ring to you.
She robs you of your name, and you will be a brighter and more virtuous when she is gone.
She said that.
She is a simple savage who cant say as much.
She says you have some good sneezing.
She sent Dromio home to dinner for you.
She will be buried by her Antony.
She will be buried with her face upwards.
She will not harm you, Helena.
She will not.
She will, Lucentio.
She should have died later.
She has a body rather than a life.
She will know soon, by some of ours, how honorable and kindly we are for her.
She is talking poniards, and every word stabs.
She is talking, but she is not saying anything.
She is talking.
She stood and said something.
She is swooning at seeing them bleed.
She thanked me and told me that if I had a friend who loved her, I would teach him how to tell my story.
I am not a wife, but a wife.
She who will slive and sbranch herself must wither and come to use deadly force.
She is a dainty woman, I will swear, she is a corn.
She was always fair and never proud, she had tongue at all times, she was never loud, never lacked gold, and she was never gay.
The man who would alter your services with you, The Fortunate Unhappy,” Daylight and champaign do not find anything more.
She who would be your wife now ran away from you.
She was so young that she could see her father as close to oak, he thought it was witchcraft.
She told her that while she kept it, my father would love her, but if she lost it or gave it to her, my father would love her.
She took the ring of me.
She turned to be a frightening person, and she was a whore.
She was a vixen when she went to school.
She was as false as water.
She was here right now.
She was from Carthage, not Tunis.
She was Caius Marcellus’ wife.
She was too fond of the most sex.
She was too good for me.
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She is very helpful.
She was an excellent wife for Benedict.
She will be happy.
She will invite him to a dinner.
She will not come.
She will not.
She will sit with you. You heard my daughter tell you how.
She will taste as good as a crab-apple to a crab-apple.
She wished she hadn’t heard it, but she wished heaven had made her such a man.
If she dies, as it must be, every hearer will be slammed for her actions.
She gave it to me, dying, and told me to give it to her when I was in my favor.
She will close and be herself while our poor poor girl is in danger of losing her old tooth.
She is a beagle, a true-bred, and adores me.
She is a triumphant lady, if she is a good friend.
She is an excellent, sweet lady, and, out of suspicion, she is virtuous.
She is busy, and she cannot come!
She is just a sign and a symbol of her honor.
She is cold.
She is as dead as the earth.
She is dead, our sovereign.
She is dead, dead, she is dead.
She is dead, my Queen.
She is dead, she is dead, she is dead.
She is desperate.
She is as good as the free elements.
She is in a very good condition.
She is gone forever.
She is like a liar who has gone to hell.
She is not fourteen.
She is not well married, and she lives married long, but she is best married, and she dies young.
All this is wrong, she is worse.
Sheathe your dagger.
You did not have any blood, or cut less or more than a pound of flesh.
Shine out, sunny sun, until I have bought a glass of glass.
I will leave my work soon, and you will be free.
Should be.
Should I have answered Caius Cassius like that?
Should I lie, madam?
Shouldn’t I say, “Is a dog worth money?
Do not jump on our course.
If you do that, my lord, my speech should be so bad that I did not think about it.
Show the way, sir.
Show his eyes and grieve his heart.
Show me how.
Show me the place.
Show me which way.
Show me, my women, like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut the doors after you.
Shut it up and it will go out of the keyhole.
Shut up your doors, my lord.
Shut up your doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, even if I do not lend or borrow, I will break a custom to give my friend the right wishes.
Shylock, are you listening?
Shylock, you have three times your money.
Oh, sick!
Signior Baptista, my business is urgent.
Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Signior Baptista, you are happy to be here. This is the gentleman I told you about.
Signior Brabantio, ho!
Signior Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I return.
Signior Gremio, did you come from the church?
Signior Hortensio, we are two hundred friends like you.
Signior Hortensio, are you coming to join the fight?
Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you.
Signor Lodovico?
Signior Montano, your loyal servant, recommends you he is free of charge and asks you to believe him.
Is your family in the same place?
Signior, it is the Moor.
Signor?
Signor Antonio praises you.
Signor Antonio, you have rated me over both my money and my money.
Signor Antonio?
Signor Bassanio, listen to me.
Signor Bassanio!
Signior Benedick!
Signor, my brother is very in love with you.
Let’s sit for a while. Robin, take off his head, and hit more dead than all these five.
Silence that dreadful ring, it is frightening for the island to be governed by its own merits.
Quiet!
Quiet!
He is still silent, watching the rest of the day as if it were the same day.
Silver.
I love you so much that I will send your soul to heaven very soon, if heaven takes the present at our disposal.
Sin from your lips?
I have not slept since Cassius first attacked me against Caesar.
I have lived since Cleopatra’s death, so long as the gods disapprove of my sanity.
Since he has the jewel I loved, and the one you promised to keep for me, I will be as liberal as you are.
Since he left Egypt, he has been able to travel more freely.
I have been practicing constant since he left France.
Since the king went into the army, I have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown on her, unlock her closet, take out paper, fold it on it, read it
Since I am a favorer, I will keep it with a little money.
I have heard strange news since I came here, which I can call “secret,” now.
Since you have the right to go, I will hurry.
Ever since my soul was a mistress of her choice, and could distinguish herself from men, your choice has sealed you for herself.
Ever since my young lady has been going to France, sir, the fool has been scolded.
Since no man who leaves knows what to do, what can I do to leave early?
Since my beauty cannot please his eyes, I will cry what is still missing and cry and die.
Since good fortunes and good fortunes are his love, I will not be his wife.
Since the torch has been out, do not lie down and go no further.
Since the count’s youth was with your lady today, she has been out of her mind.
Since the youth will not be able to get out of here, he will be risking his own life.
I have been told by the gang that my daughter would be able to get rid of the dusky Dis.
Since you have lost your fortune, you have not been contented and are not looking for a new one.
Since you give me the time to do it, let me remember what you promised me, which has not been done yet.
Sinful Macduff, they were all struck for you.
Sing it tonight.
Sing it.
Sink Rome!
I will whip you out of your fence, sir.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate bid for my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby will be sworn to say that I am not a fox, but he will say two pence that you are not a fool.
Sir Toby, I have to be kind to you.
Sir Toby, madam, your father.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a respected soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, Oxford, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, and
I have a whole history, sir.
Sir, I will tell you something.
Amen to that.
Aren’t you my father?
I will, as he is.
Sir, if I heard you correctly, the duke has slammed the pompous court for refusing to let him go.
Do you know me?
Farewell, sir.
Good luck, sir.
Sir, do not be upset.
I am sorry he is going to be his best friend.
Sir, he answered me like a man who would not.
He ate with her at the Porcupine.
He is with Caesar, sir.
Sir, he can live.
He is rash and slut, and he may strike at you.
Here is the door, sir.
Sir, he is not with his chests and treasure.
Sir, you are not a fool, even though I know that splitting him into two would ruin his memory.
Sir, I am a liar.
Sir, I told them to take you away.
I cannot, sir.
Sir, I will tell you to be content.
Sir, I know you, and I would like to thank you for doing such a great job.
Sir, I haven’t seen you.
Sir, I have no idea.
Sir, I have to get that diamond from you.
Sir, I never loved you much, but I have praised you when you deserved ten times more praise than I did.
Sir, I tell you that you are a false king.
Sir, I tell you that we are not.
I will meet you in your career, if you defending me.
I will do something worthy of studying.
I will answer any question.
In Argier, sir.
He is fine, he is slain, slain, and slain, and slain.
I swear, in good faith or in sincere reassurance, under your great influence, whose influence, like the wreath of radiant fire on
There was a fight that wouldn’t let me sleep.
Sir, do you know this glove?
15 days of March have passed.
Sir, Mark Antony will kiss Octavia, and we will follow him.
Sir, I am very careful.
Sir, my good friend, I will change that name with you.
Sir, my liege, do not attack your mind by beating the strangeness of this business.
No, sir.
Sir, Octavius has already arrived in Rome.
Sir, pardon me for what I am saying.
Should I go see this lady?
She can turn and turn, and then turn on it again.
She is mortal.
Sir, be patient.
I will have law in Ephesus, and I will bet it is not fair.
Sir, sir, sir.
That cannot happen, sir.
Sir, I am sure you did not eat at home.
Sir, hurry up.
The gods will have it.
Sir, the Queen.
Venice has come to summon Cassio to take Othello’s place.
She is standing there, sir.
They are all spoken, sir, and they are true.
Sir, this is the matter. Please remember.
Sir, this should be answered.
Will you take her or leave her with the things she owes?
If she gave you as much lip as she gives me, you would have enough.
You and I must be part of the group, but that is not it.
You are very welcome to our house, sir.
Sir, you are right, and you are right.
Sir, you are talking nobly.
Sir!
Sir?
Sir?
Your father was a fool to give you everything and in his waning age set foot under your table.
Come here, sirrah. It is no time to go out and then you will be able to go back to the moment.
Come see what trumpets sound like.
Sirrah, I will give you a speech.
Poor Tom is a colder man.
Sirrah, your father is dead.
Sir, I will practice on this drunken man.
Do not let it alone.
Sir, take up the corse.
Sister, I am happy with your discontent.
Sister, be quiet.
Sister, I have to say a little about what almost matters to both of us.
Hello, sister.
Sister, where are you?
Sister, you know he promised to give me a necklace.
Sister, you will go with us?
Sit down for a while and let’s assail your ears again.
Sit down and eat, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit in the middle of the house.
Sit down, Clitus.
Sit down and talk to her.
You can sit right here.
Sit down, Jessica.
Sit down, sir.
Sit down, worthy friends.
Sit down.
I never thought that lady would have loved any man.
I heard the music weeping the king again in my father’s wrack.
Six or seven thousand are their greatest powers.
Stop, stand back.
Slanders, sir.
Slave!
Slay!
Sleep a little.
Sleep on your eyes, and you will feel peace in your breast.
He will not be slept in his penthouse nor on his porch.
Sleep, and I will wind you up in my arms.
Sleep and wake up, Oh, keep me safe!
I will follow him again and beat him.
Is it a little bit of a thing?
A small feast of cheer and a great welcome makes a fun feast.
I have had a small joy as England’s queen.
Get out of here with your gossiping.
Smile about this.
Do you laugh at my speeches as if I were a fool?
You are smiling?
Sneck up!
That is what happens to you.
Oh, all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
That is all.
I will do that.
The Prince and Claudio, who accused her, are the ones who have said you heard the news.
The same are the crisp, snaky golden locks that make a gambol with the wind, if they are fair.
You are all the same, princes English.
You are going to get revenge when you hear them.
So go away.
That is it.
I am so sick that he is burdening me with a burden.
Well, please, master.
Caesar may.
Call the field to rest, and let’s go to part in the glories of this happy day.
I can do that.
So, Chrish, save me, I will cut off your head.
I could do that.
I would like to have the next wish, that Lucentio had Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved him so much that I have to cry.
She is so delicate with her needle, an admirable musician.
I did, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
I did, my liege.
So do all thoughts.
I would never have cursed myself, because if I had cursed myself, I would have cursed myself.
I do, too.
I do, my lord.
I do not.
I do not.
Then our vulgar servants drench their peasants in the blood of princes, and the wounded steeds, fetlock deep in gore, and with wild rage
The kings of France have a plan to keep this law ratified by the kings of France, if it would stop your Highness from claiming the woman and rather hide them in a net than
You do, too, where you see them thick.
The greater glory dims the less.
Every man who is in his own hand has the power to stop his captivity.
Goodbye, for my tongue has almost ended his life.
Goodbye until we meet again.
Goodbye.
Goodbye to you both.
Your foolish sorrows send your stones farewell.
He once smashed the Polacks on the ice with the sledded sword.
It is so full of shapes that it is fantastical.
That is what Fulvia told me.
So go peacefully.
It is a shame to be silent.
Good night to you all.
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are going to do it.
They are friends to Antony.
My lord has urged him to fight single.
That is true.
He laughed and let me go.
He served the second and third.
Help me to sanctify every spirit I have commanded, as I have spoken for you all my best and stood in his displeasure for my free speech.
That is true!
So take my leave.
I am free.
I am willing to let him live.
I charmed them so much that they walked through prickly briers, sharp furzes, prickly gorse, and thorns, which entered their thorns.
I do, madam.
I do.
I hope so.
I am wooing her, and she is giving me, because I am rough and do not woo like a baby.
I will, my liege, as I am alive.
I am young, and I am not ready to be a good reasoner.
I lose myself to find a mother and a brother, and to find a mother and a brother.
In the world, that is true.
That is true.
He is in the process of any bold or noble enterprise, even if he is in this late stage.
Lysander is the same.
So is mine. Do you hear, monster?
I am a horse, Octavius, and for that reason I am a good man.
That is the deal.
That is the most important thing about losing.
That is what I call fame.
I will tell you that.
It should be that none other than Antony should conquer Antony.
I am such a kind father. Are my horses ready?
Let the tyrant run away until each other drops by lottery.
Let him land and solemnly see him set off to London.
Let it be Caesar.
How long has it been?
I have been so erratic lately that my tongue has muted and irritated.
Yes, it may be.
You may lose your arms.
That is what he is doing.
I will bet I am worthy of praise.
Thank you, sir.
He was so happy to be part of the party.
That is the way our leader is, and we are women’s men.
We went out and were left dark.
That is probably the case for you.
I am happy to leave the fine for half of his goods, so he will let me use the other half to make it available to the gentleman who stole his daughter.
So please, what does the fellow say?
Please, because I have never heard it yet, but I have heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Please, he is here at the door and has access to you.
Something about Hamlet.
Please, we will stand and watch you enjoy.
Please.
Please, I am going to talk about Prologue.
Your Lord, please accept our duty.
Please, your majesty, do you want to wake the king?
That is how bright things are.
This place is so rare that a curious father and wife make this place a paradise.
That is right, it is done.
I think you are feeling sader.
The Prince and my new lord say that.
He will waste his money, weary his soldiers, and punish himself while we are still nimble and dependent on him.
I will dress myself in a sane mood and shut myself up in some other way, to the fortune’s sakes.
I will love you, and I will be you.
You will feel the loss, but not the friend you weep for.
You will enjoy your hope and marry sweet Bianca with your consent.
You will show me friendship.
I will admit that she was not Edward’s daughter.
In a naughty world, that is a good thing.
A murderer should look like that, so dead, so grim.
He looks like he is talking strangely.
I should look like the murdered man, and I should look like you, and I will look like you.
If you were our king, we would do so.
He swore his innocence so well that he escaped his guilt through his conversation with Shore’s wife.
That is how the Sixth was crowned in Paris, but only when he was nine months old.
He is so excited about the thought that you can imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords want him to have his sword and his bruised head thrown in
Take her to you, shepherd.
Tell them, Publius.
I swear by my enemies, I am abused by my friends, and by my friends.
If we plant nettles or lettuce, then we can either supply it with one of the same herbs or distract it with many more.
In the ten thousand they have lost, sixteen hundred are mercenaries.
I would stay there to get to Mantua.
That, as clear as the sun is, King Pepin’s title and Hugh Capet’s claim, and King Lewis’ satisfaction
If your four negatives make your two affirmatives, I will be worse for my friends and better for my enemies.
The fool follows him.
The gods keep you and the Romans’ hearts are the ones you want.
The gods will keep you.
The life that died with shame lives in death with fame.
The woman who stood in front of me will show me the way to my will.
The poor third of the boy is locked up until death entitles him to death.
I should be able to see the sins of my mother.
The spirit is calm.
They are.
They are not doing anything, it is a jolly slip.
You can say the king lies near a beggar if a beggar lives near him, or the church stands by your tabor if your
If you live to see like a right-winger, this fool-begged patience will be left.
I am so happy, my soul. A thousand times good night!
So to most noble Caesar.
So to them both.
She turns every man out of the wrong place and never gives it to the true and merit that simpleness and merit are worth.
I was the one who banished him from your Highness.
I was the one who took your Highness’s dukedom.
We grew together like a double cherry—which she has seen growing, but still has seen dividing up—two lovely strawberries on one stem.
Your words are as good as your wounds are.
They were the daggers we found on their pillows, unwiped.
So were you.
When he opens his wallet to give us our reward, your conscience flies out.
Is that white and a traitor?
I will turn her virtue into a trap and make her a trap that will send them all out of her own goodness.
It will do with Claudio.
It will continue until I am with you.
I am sure you will love me.
You will tell me when you have seen the sequel.
You will wish me luck when I am in a rash mood.
I would not.
You can put a man in your belly.
You will.
You should walk softly, look sweet, and say nothing. I am yours for the walk, especially when I am walking away.
So young and so rotting?
That is young, my lord, and true.
“So-so” is good, very good, and an excellent one.
Farewell.
So, again, good night.
Come on, help me.
So, Dolabella, I will be happy.
Farewell.
I am satisfied.
That is what is going on.
Let me hear what you say.
Because he knew I loved my books, he gave me a book from my library that I am a big prize over my dukedom.
So slave, let’s go!
So, so, so, so.
So, so, so.
We thank you all, and we invite each and every one of you to come see us crowned at Scone.
That is what I am saying.
With two seemingly identical bodies, one heart, two of the first, like coats in heraldry, due only to one and crowned with one crest.
That is true.
That is true.
So, then, you are the most famous.
Is it Beatrice?
Stillness and nighttime are the things that make you feel sweet.
I am soft, Caesar.
Isn’t he here?
Here is the prose.
No, hurry.
I am soft, sir.
Soft, soft.
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
The priest is ready.
My masters, I am a bit tired of it.
Sojourn in Mantua.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
Sola!
Soldier, you are a soldier, but his entire action is not in power.
Soldier, why do you wear that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you have to come to the king.
Soldiers, watch carefully.
Soldiers, sir.
I was a beast to scold at him.
Some achieve greatness. What do you say?
Some are born great.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust on them.
Some blessing will take us away from here.
You are in a mood of bloody anger.
I am feeling a little better, Nurse.
Some good cause will keep me in hiding for a while.
Some dear friend is dead, but nothing in the world could change any man’s constitution.
A little dungeon.
Five or six hundred of his knights, who followed him as a hot questrist, met him at the gate and with some other relatives, they are going to
We had food and fresh water that a nobleman from Naples, Gonzalo, gave us to wash our clothes and linens and supplies.
It will give you some peace of mind.
I hope some god will guide me.
I am going to do some good, though I am not.
Someone good should take him away from here.
Some grief shows much of love, but some grief shows some desire for wit.
Hurry up, my lord.
Some innocents are not escaping the thunder.
Some kinds of sanity is on the way.
Some light-foot friend will go to the duke of Norfolk, Ratcliffe, yourself, or Catesby.
Some men are not lovers of a gaping pig, some are crazy if they see a cat.
Some must go off.
Some of their plants are already rotten.
I will be ashamed if you know what I am, how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
Some will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Officers take them away.
We need some oracle to correct our knowledge.
Maybe another time.
Some others are searching.
Some say the Earth was shaking and frightened.
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
He was a squirt that turned your wits off without you and made you suspect me with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple will have to pay the counter-order, who came to see him burièd.
Some of you give me some money, some invite me, some give me thanks for my kindness, and some offer me commodities to buy.
Some people will laugh at a bagpiper and peep through their eyes, and others will laugh at it so much that they will not even smile with their teeth.
Some people kiss.
Some of them go to Decius’s house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius’s.
Some people go to the commonsroom and shout out, “Liberty, freedom, and enfranchisement!” People and senators, do not be afraid.
Some twenty of them were killed in this war, and all twenty could only kill one person.
Some villain has taken me wrong.
Some villains of my court are in a position to accept and suffer this.
Get some wine!
Somebody is knocking.
Someone takes orders to bring Buckingham to Salisbury.
Something from Cyprus, as I can divinely do.
You have heard about Hamlet’s “transformation”—so call it because neither the exterior nor the inside man are similar to what it was.
He has been living a state that has changed since he was born.
Something we will decide on.
He has puddled his mind from Venice, or from Cyprus, and in such cases he has thrown away his mind with inferior things.
Sometimes I will be a horse, a hound, a hog, a headless bear, and a fire.
Sometime I have been wound with adders who have spelled out the cloves to make me mad.
Sometimes I would divide and burn in many places.
Sometimes she sneezes at a courtier’s nose, and then dreams of smelling out a suit.
Sometimes she saw me crying.
Son, I will be your half of your Bianca when Bianca comes.
Soon at five oclock, please, I will meet you on the martin and then consort you till bedtime.
I will listen to him and watch him.
You must, but you must.
I will help you, sir.
I do not hear anything, madam.
Sorrow breaks the time and hours of sleep, makes the night morning, and the night before.
I am sorry my noble cousin should suspect me that I am not good to him.
He has separated three people, and his anger is so unreliable that it can only be a result of death and sepulchre.
Sound them, it is as good as the mouth.
Sound, music! Come, my queen, take my hands with me and rock the ground where these sleepers are.
Sound, trumpet!
Good, my lord.
Sovereign of Egypt, hail!
I have enough room in such a prison.
Do you say these words plainly?
Have you heard of Caesar?
Have you spoken to him?
Are you complaining about Juliet?
Do not worry about the cost.
Speak again.
Speak one rhyme, and I will be satisfied.
Speak again, and this hand, which kills your more true love for you, will kill your truer love for you.
Speak low if you talk of love.
Do not talk about him anymore, you will be whipped for taxation one of these days.
Do not say anything against it.
Do not speak of Helena.
Do not say anything so grossly. You are all amazed.
Do not say anything.
Speak once more.
Speak softly.
Speak softly.
Speak the speech, as I said to you, tripping the tongue.
Say the word.
Do not say anything else.
Tell me now.
Tell her, Hamlet.
Tell him.
Talk to me home.
Tell me what you are doing.
Tell me.
Tell us.
Speak what we feel, not what we should say.
Speak inside the door.
Speak again.
Tell me.
Do you speak so calmly?
Tell me what you are doing.
Speak, Agrippa.
Speak, count, it is your cue.
Speak, hands, for me.
Speak, I am telling you.
Speak, I will not go any further.
Tell me, if you can. What are you doing?
Speak, is it out of the way?
Speak, man.
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair, and fair, I beg you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus. Thisbe, stand up.
Speak, speak!
Speak, speak.
Speak!
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Are you talking so well?
Do you speak from your heart?
Get him out of here.
Spend this for me.
Spirit, we have to prepare to meet with Caliban.
I have called for spirits to be sworn in by them, and I have commanded them to act on my current desires.
Spit, fire!
Spoken like a tall man who respects your reputation.
Spoke like an officer.
Sport royal, I promise.
Sport?
Rain!
Stand aside.
Stand away, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stand close and listen to him.
Stand far away.
Stand fast together, so some friend of Caesar cant talk of standing together.
Stand up, Titinius.
Stand out of the body.
Stand away from the hearse.
Stand here, make a good impression of it.
Do not stand up surprised.
Stand still.
So stand under this roof, because it is drizzling, and I will tell you everything, like a drunk.
Stand there.
Stand up.
Stand up.
Put your beards on your back and neck and say that I am a knave.
Stand up, if you are a man.
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up, you neat slave, get out of here.
Stand!
Is he standing or sitting?
Is Scotland the same as it did?
Stanley dreamed the boar would raze his helm, and I swore it and disdain it to fly.
Stanley, he is your wife’s son.
Stanley, look at your wife.
Stanley, what is the news?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius showed the torchlight, but he did not come back.
Stay and speak.
Stay a little longer.
Stay here.
Do not stay to answer me, but get out of here.
Do not stay, go away.
Stay with the friar.
Wait until I read the letter.
Stay with us.
Stay here.
Stay, countrymen.
Stay, dog, because you will hear me.
Stay, fellow.
Stay, gentle Helena.
Stay, drink. This pearl is yours.
Please, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
Stay, madam.
Stay at your risk.
Stay, stand apart.
Wait, then.
Stay, even though you kill me, sweet Demetrius.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
Stay!
Did it stay long?
Stephano is my name, and I will be here at Belmont before daybreak.
Stephano!
Stephano!
I am still called.
It is still yours.
Be kind and make sure we are all done with your mind.
I told him it was vile and bad.
I am still in this mood, with color, ornament, for him.
It cried, “Sleep no more!” to everyone in the house.
They will last forever.
That is still constant, my lord.
Are you still so cruel?
The wind still blows through the hawthorn, saying, “Suum, mun, nonny.”
You are still on the right side.
Stir with the lark tomorrow, gentle Norfolk.
Stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he is heading for England to claim the crown.
Stones have been known to move, and trees have been used to speak.
Did the state do that?
Stoop, Romans, stoop, and let’s hold hands in Caesar’s blood until we die of our swords.
Stop her there.
Stop in the wind, sir.
Stop it, Marcellus.
Stop that, it will blow out the chimney with the smoke.
It is strange that sheep’s guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies.
I have strange things in my head that I will hand, and that must be done before they can be scanned.
Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she has contaminated.
Strato, you have been asleep all this time.
Beat the drums!
Strike his wife?
Do not fight by land; keep whole.
Hurry up the tinder, ho!
Strike the boats, hmmm!
Beat the drums.
Strike, I say.
Strike!
Strike!
He is trying to avoid the wind and rain that makes him scold.
We always try to improve things, and always try to get better.
Strumpet, I am coming.
That marriage was like never before.
I am not afraid of such a person or not, I am not afraid of it.
That is a natural philosopher.
I would be in the right hands for such a thing, Ligarius, if you had a good ear to hear it.
You were so finely smashed that you were.
I am from Antony, like I am.
She said that my lord said I was.
As comforting as the lusty young men feel when they are snoring in April on the heel of limping winter treads.
The prince owes the subject such a duty, and even a woman owes her husband such a duty.
That is a thing that has a shadow of bliss.
That is what I am grieving to say, my lord.
We would like to see him get so angry at him that he is not angry at him.
He had the armor he needed to fight the ambitious Norway.
It is difficult to reconcile such welcome and unwelcome things.
The wind is spreading through the world, and young men are looking for their fortunes more often than they are at home.
Sue to him again, and he is yours.
Suffer love.
Suffolk died first, and York, hurled over, came to him where he lay in a gore and took him by the beard.
Sunday is coming quickly.
Supper is over, and we will come too late.
Support him by the arm.
The French ambassador returns to tell Harry that the king offers him.
Sure he killed his wife.
It is hers.
Sure ones, then.
Thank you.
Yes, it is not.
She must be so unnatural that monsters it can trap you, and to believe in her must be a faith that no miracle could bring me.
I will never marry like my sisters, to love my father all.
I think so, and therefore I wish she knew about his love better, so she would not be able to do it.
It was the roar of a whole troupe of lions.
Sure, Luciana, it is two oclock.
These are just imaginary wiles, and there are savages.
I do not believe your cousin is wrong.
Yes, a good count, Count Comfect, a sweet man, surely.
Susan and she—God rest her Christian souls—were born in an age.
Swagger?
Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra’s sails.
She looks like my shoe, but her face is clean and clean.
Swear by her foot so she can stand out against the oath.
I swear by my sword that you will never hear anything you have heard.
Swear by my sword.
Swear by your double self, and there is an oath of praise.
Do not wear a mask by the time you come, because you have misused your own equipment, and sometimes you have misused it.
Swearing for priests, cowards, cautelous, feeble old men, and such sufferings that welcome wrongs.
Swear your love.
Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all been damaged.
Sweet Beatrice, are you going to come when I called you?
Sweet bodements!
Sweet Desdemona!
Sweet friends, go to bed.
Dear friends, please, I am waiting for you.
Sweet Hero, your image now looks like a rare recollection of what I first loved.
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
You have given me life and given me a living.
If you were a good friend, I would give you something from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Sweet masters, be patient.
Sweet men, come to him.
Sweet mistress, what else you have not known, and what you have not yet seen, and what I have not yet seen.
Sweet Moon, thank you for the bright sun.
Now, quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, do not insult me.
Sweet Phoebe, please.
Sweet Portia, if you knew who gave the ring, who gave it to him, who gave it to him, and who gave it to him,
Sweet Prince, why do you not say something?
You learn how to be thankful. Let’s take her back.
What a sweet souvenir!
Sweet saint, for good reason, do not be so angry.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Please, Sir Toby, be patient tonight.
Let’s go in and have a chance to see them.
Sweetheart!
Sweet, say on.
Sweet, so would I.
Tell me, what does my love for?
The sweetest nut has a sourest rind. Rosalind is such a sweet nut.
She is in force until her lifes end.
Sweets to the sweet.
Swell, bosom, with your fraughtness, because it is like the tongues of aspics.
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I will cry a match.
It is a sigh, for a so bad prayer as his prayer was never for sleep yet.
“Sword” is an oath, and oaths must be made.
Swords out, and one at the other’s breasts in opposition bloody.
Swounds, tell me what you are doing.
Swum ashore like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away the fool, gentlemen.
Take away the lady.
Take care of him, and you will see that the three-pillar of the world has turned into a strumpet’s fool.
Take comfort.
Take each other’s actions, but keep your judgment.
Take away the sense of recklessness from the numbers that oppose them and take away their hearts.
Take care of your fiend.
Take care of Cassius.
Be careful not to fall down.
Be careful, Signior Baptista, so you do not have to be fooled into doing this.
Take care of it, sir.
Take away this jack and whip him.
Take him for everything.
Take him away.
Take him on the sword with the hilts of your sword, and then throw him in the malmsey basket in the next room.
Take him gently to bed, and each one of them will go to his office when he wakes up.
Take in your love, and then let me alone.
Take it and do it, and leave me alone for a while.
Take it in what you want.
Take it thankfully.
Take it, brave York.
Take it, God, because it is nothing but yours.
Take me up.
Take my sword.
Do not take any notice of him.
Do not be offended by the fact that I would not offend you.
Do not take her part.
Do not take the fight from his powerful arm; he does not have to take any legal or indirect action to cut off those who have offended him.
It is not safe to be honest and direct.
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute, not as a fee.
Take that of me, my friend, who have the power to seal the accuser’s lips.
Take that, and that.
Take the fool away.
Take the hint I am saying.
Take that too.
Take their thoughts and take them to me.
Take them away.
Take them in.
Take some new poison to your eyes, and the old poison will die.
Take that.
Take the bill, give me your yard and do not spare me.
Take three times your money.
Take your face away.
Take your time, Laertes.
Take your penalty.
Do not take any hard thoughts.
Take up her bed and take her women out of the tomb.
Take up my mistress gown for your master’s use.
Take up my mistress gown for his masters use.
Take up the corpses.
Take up the body.
Take my sword back, or take me up.
Take up those ropes. Poor ropes, you are beguiled, both you and I, because Romeo is exiled.
Take what wife you want to be to bed, I will always be your head.
Take care of her pranks and pranks.
Take some company and horseback.
Take you, as you were before, some distance from him, as if you were.
Take your place.
Take your time.
Do not talk about it.
Do not talk to me, because I will not say a word.
Do not talk to me.
Do not talk, Signior Gremio.
Are you talking about killing?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Talkers are not good doers.
Are you talking about ladies?
Be quiet.
Be sorry, good Beatrice.
Hurry, Jew.
I will go with you, Petruchio, because in Baptista’s house, my treasure is.
Tarry, rash wanton.
Be sorry, sweet Beatrice.
I will go, sweet soul, for mine.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Tell me what you are doing, and you will see that it is time to do it.
Tell me how to think and speak, dear creature.
Tell me.
Tear him up.
Tear him, tear him down.
He is tainted with white hair, which the rioters snatch up with their rageless eyes and make nothing of.
Tears seven times more salt, burn out the sense and virtue of my eyes.
It is too bad to tell and too harsh to hear.
Are you stupid?
Tell Antony that Brutus is a king.
Tell her I am arrested in the street, and that will bail me out.
Tell her my love is more noble than the rest of the world, and does not give me dirty lands.
Tell her that the king, who can command her, scolds—that she is capable of doing what the king’s King forbids.
Tell him he will not speak with me.
Tell him his fears are shallow, without a sense of instance.
Tell him I am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel.
Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf, and I hope everything is well.
Tell him I would like to speak with him.
Tell him I will knock his leek over his hat on Saint Davy’s Day.
Tell him my fury will abate, and I will take the crowns.
Tell him that we are not less important than our general good, in matters of great importance, and in deep thinking.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he will take it to you.
Tell him that I have received a letter from my master with a horn full of good news.
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur, but we did not think it was good to bruising a wound until it was full ripe.
Tell him that if he comes to this place, he will be satisfied and, by my honor, he will leave unharmed.
Tell him, when our noble father, York, blessed his three sons with his victory, he never imagined this friendship would happen.
Tell me who is in court.
Tell me, have you ever seen a handkerchief with a strawberry in it?
Tell me, but then tell me the truth. Do you love my sister?
For more information, I swear I know your language.
Tell me who you love.
Do not tell me that you hear this, Friar, unless you tell me how I can prevent it.
Tell me once more what you have said.
Tell me that.
Tell me that.
Tell me yours first.
Tell me this, please: where have you left the money I gave you?
Tell me what you know.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me why.
Tell me what you are saying.
Tell me what you think.
Tell me, and do not dally: where is the money?
Tell me, daughter Juliet, how are you going to be married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, my friend, what kind of torch is he going to blow his light on grubs and eyeless skulls?
Tell me, bow, heavenly, if either Venus or her son, as you know, is visiting the queen now?
Tell me, how is my mother?
Tell me, if your art can tell you so much, will Banquo’s issue ever return to this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, so I can sack the hateful mansion.
Tell me, you have unknown power. He knows what you thought.
Tell me, you villain-slain, where are my children?
Tell me, you villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Do not tell me.
Tell the clock there.
Tell the constable.
Tell the hot duke that Lear is. No, but not yet.
Tell them that Hero loves me.
Tell me the story.
Tell us what it is, gentle Casca.
Tell us what happened today that makes Caesar look so sad.
Tell us where it is, so we can take it to the chapel.
Tell your pathetic heart that there is no harm to it.
Temperance was a delicate woman.
Do not get him so far.
Each of ten masts is different from the altitude you have perpendiculairely fallen.
Give yourself more money or—not to break the word out of it—you will give me a fool.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Your greatness is misused when it disintegrates.
Your situation is urgent, and you have to hurry up.
The ambassadors are returning from Norway.
I am glad to hear your love’s promise for me.
It is a good time to see a crown drop on your head.
You are an honest man.
No man could be bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
Thank you to your Highness.
Thank you to your majesty.
Thank you, my dear lord.
Thank you, Egeus.
Thanks, my good countryman.
Thank you, Guildenstern and noble Rosencrantz.
Thank you, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, you brave man who approves the Moor.
Many men do this to help them.
That banishment, that word banishment, has killed ten thousand Tybalts.
That “fair” is again unremarkable.
That “may be” must be love on Thursday.
That “sort” was well rewarded.
That woman’s heart has burned?
That monster should be so natural!
I thank her for having a woman who conceived me.
Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have sworn and executed an hundred senators.
I can do that.
That is not true, since I am still possessed of the reasons for the killing: my crown, my own ambition, and my queen.
I will give that necklace to my hostess here, whether it is because of spiteing my wife.
I could find it in my heart to stay here still and turn into a witch.
That courtesy would be unnatural if courtiers were shepherds.
That death is not natural, because it is loving.
You are going to defend yourself.
I have never heard of that.
I did, my lord, and I was a good actor.
I am waiting for that.
Once that is done, I will walk on the ground and get back to you.
That is done, then, and then, then, to Pompey’s theatre.
Dreamers often lie.
That is always true.
I am always calling you castaway.
I wish I could live forever to see you dead.
That eye was a sign my daughter gave her.
That eye that told you so much that you looked asquint.
That eyeless head of yours was first framed in flesh to raise my fortune.
I remember his face well.
You have followed your sad steps from your first day of decay and difference.
He parted with me to fetch a chain and then he promised to bring it to the Porcupine.
I found that handkerchief by luck and gave it to my husband.
You gave that handkerchief I loved and gave you to Cassio.
That has made him crazy.
He has not.
He has sworn in you.
I wish he could not bet too much of the heavens winds on her face.
He never got trained in arms.
That head, my lord?
I will have Herod’s head.
That high-ranking man I fought with turned my feigny prayer on my head and gave me the skepticism I begged.
I ask again, because nothing can be bad if she is well.
I saw that.
I did that for him.
I wish I had loved the Moor to live with him, and that my violent and slut of fortunes may make the world stronger.
I am disdaining you.
I have fought hard and hard to bring your imperial Majesties to this bar and royal interview, and I can see how you can do it.
I have, lady.
I feel that I love her.
I wish I could sleep out this time when my Antony is away.
I was disdainful and had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales.
I will try that.
If you are honest and honest, you shouldnt admit anything to your beauty.
That is another simple sin for you.
That is because the traitor’s murderer lives.
That is it, sir.
That is enough for the senate.
That is him.
That is hot ice and strange snow.
That is my rest, and that is the place to go.
That is good.
That is the chain you had from me, sir.
That is everything, Leonato. Claudio, Benedick, my dear friend Leonato has invited you all.
That is the reason, sir.
That is Portia’s voice, or I am too deceived.
That is the way to make her slander you.
We ate here, where Dowsabel claimed me for her husband.
That is, watch her, as we watch these kites that bate and beat and won’t obey.
That island of England is full of brave creatures.
I would like you to leave these sad plans to him, who has more reason to be a mourner, and to repair it to Crosby House, where
That last one is true.
The light we see is burning in my hall.
Come place him here by me.
I begged you to, and he begged for me.
That may be true, because you are too wealthy to be rewarded, and some are away.
That may be true when I am a wife.
That is strange.
I was the most ill-looking boy there by your side from the rude sea’s enraged and foamy mouth.
That is what we have to do.
It is not possible to control that nature, which is so twisted that it is rooted in, but rather to control it.
That is not only a meditation on blood, swearing and stern looks, and anything that seems unnatural.
I will have it now.
Now Sweno, the Norwegian king, wants to be composed.
Our clothes were drenched in the sea, but they were not stained with salt.
Petruchio?
That cowardly, giant-like ox-beef has smashed many of you men.
That villain, Romeo.
That is all.
That will be her.
That is what you will know later.
She brought me up, and I thank her for that.
I know that she is worthy of her work.
I hope she will live here for a long time, God say amen.
That she was wrong to marry?
That she is the chosen signior Hortensio.
That is something you have not convinced me of.
The man who serves and seeks to make profit, and follows only for form, will pack when it begins to rain and leave you in the storm.
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once.
That song will not be in my mind tonight.
That our grandm’s soul could inhabit a bird.
They do not have armor, because if they were armed with any armor, they would not wear such heavy headpieces.
I wish they were, I could have been sucked in that oozy bed where my son lies.
I used it to be a man.
You love my daughter from your soul.
I pardon you before you ask for it.
In the same hour, and in the same inn, a poor woman delivered from such a burden, with twins, both alike.
I saw that time (but you couldn’t) between the moon and the Earth, and Cupid was all armed.
That villain’s cousin who would have killed my husband.
That was your rage.
That is what the noise is.
With joy, joy, and applause, we should turn ourselves into beasts.
That is a kind of hope for you.
That would be the most if he married you.
The fact that they were drunk has made me bold.
I gave you the same thing.
The horse is now a horse, though it is thought to be a horse, and it is not as distinct as water in water.
I am qualified for what ordinary men are looking for.
I cannot tell you what you are doing.
That will be the sun.
I will do that.
I will make that decision before I let you go.
I will do that, because I have to tell you how you excuse my brother, Rosalind.
I will, Pompey.
I will, if I die the hour afterward.
I will.
That is never true.
Twenty times more difficult than you have ever done before.
That would hang every one of us.
I wish I had kingdoms to give with her.
I wish I were all kings.
You have been afraid of it.
I am not jealous of you.
You do not think you are what you are.
You have condemned and condemned Lucius Pella for taking bribes from the Sardians here.
That is what you have to teach me.
You will find him, lead the Sagittarier to the search, and I will be with him there.
You should be punished here, the actors are at hand, and you will know everything you are interested in.
You should think we are not going to offend you, but with good will.
That young man who has only seen here a few times, that little man does not care about buying anything.
She is mad herself, and she is mad.
That, sir, which I will not report after her.
What is that?
That is true.
That is a certain word.
That is a degree of love.
Water will repair that.
That is a fault.
That is a dangerous shot from an elder gun, that a poor man and a private person can do against a monarch.
That is a question.
That is all I have to say: I have hurt myself, and it is the end.
That is all one thing.
That is all.
That is as bad as saying they are fools who marry.
That is as good as it is to say that the sweet boy is in love.
That is what we are going to do to make him happy.
That is true, if the devil can judge her.
That is true.
That is worse.
That is good.
That is the one who was Othello.
That is her torment.
That is mercy, but it is too security.
That is more than we know.
That is more to me than my wetness.
That is true, and with you.
That is my brave lord.
That is what I am afraid of.
That is my good son.
That is my master!
That is my job.
That is my sister.
That is not a job for a friend, my lord.
That is not good now.
That is not good.
That is not true.
That is not the tune.
That is one of them.
That is what we offer.
That is between sides and heart.
That is strange.
That is the end.
That is the next thing to do.
That is twice.
That is two of his weapons.
That is very true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “passionate” duke?
The “why” is as simple as it is to go to the parish church.
The advancement of your children, noble lady.
The adventurous knight will use his sword and sword, the lover will not sigh free, the funny man will end his life in peace.
How long have you been a gravemaker?
The air is shining on us very sweetly.
The air is sweet and sweet to our senses.
The sun in the sky has watched her match since the world began.
The ancient saying says no king.
April is in her eyes, it is love, it is spring, and these showers are the way to bring it on.
The arbitrament is like a bloody battle.
What is the meaning of my oath?
The barbarous Scythian or the man who makes his generation messes to eat his food will be as close to you, my sometime daughter.
The bark is ready, and the wind is at help, and your associates are at help, and England has a plan for everything
His hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
The East is full of beds, and thanks to you, who called me more time-consuming than I thought.
His best and best wishes have been rash.
I will do everything I can, my lord.
The best of all are shadows, and the worst is not worse if you think about it.
The best news is that we have found our king and our friends safe.
The best?
The better for the King of heaven who owns him.
The better for your friends.
The better you ask your Lordship.
The proclamation to escape, that followed me so close.
The blow that you gave me will make me feel better when you move me to rage, and I will give you what you can beg.
The bounty and the king’s throne to boot and boot.
The boy is warning me that something is approaching.
The boy was the one I was, my friend.
If such a thing is broken, it should crack again.
He is already at the bridegroom.
The British forces are marching here.
Your high-class hates have been broken, but they have been broken, splintered, knitted, and joined together.
The state business makes him offended, and he is scolding you.
This man looks like he is in trouble.
I cannot stand my absence.
The pig is burning, the spit is empty, and my mistress has struck twelve on the bell.
The captain who brought me to shore has my maiden’s clothes.
The captain— Give it to the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers.
The castle is redesigned with a gentle twist.
The reason is in my will.
The king’s death is not alone, but, like a gulf, it is a way to draw the majesty out of it.
The chain.
The Towers chaplain has buried them, but to tell you the truth, I do not know where.
The parents live with children you butchered, old plants, to wail it in their old age.
My wife and I, whose eyes were fixed on whom we were talking about, fixed our eyes on each other at either end of the mast and,
The citizens are up, and Tybalt has been killed.
The clerk is answering.
The clock has smashed three.
I sent the Nurse to the clock nine times.
The cockerel.
The competitors are here.
The pitfalls of this war aren’t enough, because you can talk to the duke, you can talk to him, and he is digging four yards under the countermines.
What is the problem, sir?
Then you have scared your husband from using your wits.
The constable of France.
The content is to blame.
The cords Romeo told you to get?
Count Claudio will marry Leonato’s daughter.
The count himself is wooing her.
The count is neither sad nor sick nor cheerful nor well.
The count’s servant, Cesario.
The court awards it and the law authorizes it.
The cowslips are her pensioners.
The crowner has sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air are as scarce as beetles.
The cry is still “They come!” Our castle’s strength will laugh a siege to shame.
She is so passionate about me that I can join this sneering messenger.
The bell rang.
The date is out of date.
The Dauphin is waiting for morning.
The Dauphin, whom we fought with, returns to tell us that his forces are not ready to fight such a siege.
The day has broken.
The day is over.
The day is yours.
The day will come when you will wish to try to curse that poisonous toad.
The day, my friends, and everything are for me.
I will give you the most beautiful ring in Venice, and I will make a public announcement to find it.
The death of Antony is not a crime.
We are talking about the deep night, and we need to be careful, which we will niggard with a little rest.
The storm has shook the Turks so badly that their plans are ruined.
The devil is damning you black, you cream-faced loon!
I would rather be a hateful title than a title I would like to hear.
The devil speaks in him.
The devil is in order.
The rain is raw and cold.
The ditty remembers my drowned father.
The door is open.
The evil dram is the most noble thing to doubt his own scandal.
The drink, the drink!
The drops of this fool drown.
The duke and the senators of Venice are happy to hear you.
The duke will be here tonight.
The Duke greets you, general, and he will have to wait for you to make your appearance available.
The Duke himself, or any of my lords, can feel this wrong as if it were their own.
The Duke is in a meeting?
The duke is funny.
The duke must grant me that.
The Duke, my father, loved his father very much.
The Duke of Exeter loves you.
The Duke of Exeter has maintained the ridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, who is under the siege orders, is directed by an Irishman.
The duke of York sends your Majesty his condolences.
The Duke is in a meeting, and you are sent for your noble self.
The duke is to blame in this case.
Good Captain Blunt, give him my goodnight and let me see him in my tent by the second hour in the morning.
The cock of the early village has twice greeted the king.
The ears are so stupid that we should hear him telling him that he has fulfilled his command, that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth has bubbles, like the water, and these are bubbles.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The earth is nature’s mother, and it is her tomb.
The elements are kind to you and make you feel comfortable.
The Emperor calls for Canidius.
The enemy is coming on in a gallant show.
The enemy grows every day.
The enemy will make a fuller number, make a new number, add it, and encourage us.
The English are angry, you French peers.
The English army, please.
The English power is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward and the good Macduff.
The even meadow, who brought the freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover, who wanted the scythe withal uncorrected, is a man.
The evil men do is after them; the good is often buried in their bones.
The excuse you make for this delay is longer than the story itself.
The Fairyland does not buy me a child.
I will answer it.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that we are underlings.
It is your fault.
The two hours of the stage—the one that could be removed from the stage, the one that, if it were not their children’s end
The fee is simple.
The other is good at judgment.
The fiend gives the more friendly advice.
The fiend is rough and will not be used in a large way.
The devil is strong inside him.
The fire has tried this seven times, seven times the judgment is, and never it has been a bad one.
My first question is whether she would prefer to stay until the next night or go to bed now, two hours to day.
The first to greet me was my great father-in-law, Warwick, who loudly said, “What a savage monarchy can afford to give false Clarence?
A schoolboy is stealing a bird nest from him.
The enemy is on the field.
The crows are filled with the murraine flock.
The sneering of this island.
The food that is being given now to him is as sweet as the sour food, and will soon be as bitter as coloquintida.
The fool will stay.
The death of my servant, my servant, who slammed today a riotous gentleman who was waiting for the duke of Norfolk.
The former Hero!
The vile frightens me.
The devil is following me.
The savage riffs on Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale.
The prank has turned itself on me.
The worst thing I have ever done is to get my second life.
The four men who have been married want you to leave.
The French ambassador arrived in Paris with a large crowd.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French are gone, look, and there are gallant and prave passages.
The French could have a good prey on us if he knew about it, because there are no guards for it except boys.
The funeral baked meats prepared the marriage tables for the cold weather.
I hope I get a good match.
The gallants want it.
The galleys have sent a dozen messengers tonight, and many of the consuls have been raised and met at the Duke’s already.
The games are finished and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be closed, and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart, in the liberty of a bloody hand
The general and his wife are talking about it, and she speaks for you very sanely.
The general speaks to you.
The generals want to say some words.
The gentleman who danced with her told her you were wrong.
The gentleman will fight you for his honor.
The gentleness of all the gods will go with you.
I have given him a glove that I have given him to do a favor, and I will give him a box with a ear.
The glowworms are starting to swell in the morning.
The god of Jupiter.
The gods are just, and our good vices make us sick.
The gods know.
The gods have ruined you.
The gods defend her. Watch him leave for a while.
The gods protect him from such a terrible shame.
The gods do this in shame of cowardice.
The gods forbid!
The gods make for Antony to have this day.
The gods reward your kindness.
The gods have come with me.
The gold I gave Dromio is safe at the Centaur, and the slave who listened to him has wandered out looking for me.
The good years will devour them, flesh and fall, and they will make us cry.
You are in the dark, friends.
The gown is made of silk, as if my master had a direction.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, shining light on the eastern clouds, and shining dark spots like a drunken.
The storms of the sea and the skies shook our friendship.
He is being slain, you see.
The greater part of the world is lost with very little ignorance.
The greater part, the general horse, are coming with Cassius.
The greater we should be, therefore.
The greatest thing about it is his sanity.
The ground is really tawny.
The ground is bloody.
The hand of death has roiled him.
The handkerchief!
The heads of the maidens?
The heart is so intense.
The hearts of old gave hands, but our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.
The heavens are sneering at you for a bit, and you will never move them again if you cross their will.
The heavens forbid that our love and happiness will continue to grow as we age.
The heavens have blazed up the death of princes.
I showed you the herb once.
The higher the Nile rises, the more it promises.
He talks about the honor, but I did not have it.
Who is the lady of the house?
The hour of death is over.
The hour is over.
The house will be quieter.
The hurt cant be anything.
Princes flock to see Portia in the horcanian deserts and the vast wilderness of Arabia.
The savage and rebellion.
The seleucus’ ingratitude makes me wild.
The interim is mine.
The iron word of midnight has told twelve.
He would not have snuck up his captainship at a point like this when half the world opposed him.
The Jew will get justice.
I will give the Jew my flesh, blood, bones, and everything, and you will lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you had to give to deliver Desdemona would have made a votaress half the time.
The power of the king makes me weak, weak, and your king makes me your king.
The juice of it on the eyelids makes or makes a man or woman madly dote on the next live creature that it sees.
The king and the prince are praying.
The king and queen are coming down.
The king is coming here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king is more beautiful than a man, and he is afraid to threaten everyone.
The king is not a child.
The king has killed his heart.
The king has written every article, first his daughter, and, in the second part, all according to the firm proposal of the king.
The king has heard them, and yet there is no answer.
The king has taken note of everything they intend to do, and they have no idea what they are dreaming of.
The king has strictly accused the contrary.
The king himself rode to watch their battle.
The king’s master has to take it seriously, so he should restrain himself from being so valued in his messenger.
The king is coming.
The king is a man of grace and a man of fairness.
The king is crazy.
The father and the master and the king are not obliged to die when they are doing their services.
The king is not going to answer it.
My uncle is to blame for it.
The king my father?
The king of Naples hears my brother’s request, which was that he, in lieu of homage, would extort my money
The king is up.
The king will drink to Hamlet’s delight, and he will throw more gold in the crown than the four successive kings in Denmark have.
The King will be gone from Southampton.
The king wants to speak with Cornwall.
The king, his brother, and your brother are all distracted, and the rest are mourning, scolding sorrow and dismay.
The king, sir. Yes, what about him?
The king has said that he will not surpass you in a dozen passes.
The king has ridden six barbary horses, and he has pawned six French rapiers and poniards with their assigns.
The king is to blame.
The king?
The king is a savage, a heart full of gold, a lad of life, a savage of fame, of parents good, and a valiant fist.
The king is a bed.
I have landed the king’s son by himself, who left the air with sighs in an odd angle of the island, and sitting in his arms in this sad knot
The king’s son, Ferdinand, with his hair soaring, was the first man to cry, crying, “Hell is empty and all the decat>
The knave is good.
We are spending our time on physics.
The ladies in her bedroom, her servants, and early morning they found their mistress’s bed in a dreadful place.
Lady Beatrice is fighting you.
The lady is dead after my false accusation.
Lady Strachy married the wardrobe yeoman.
The lady is protesting too much, I think.
The worst changes are coming to laughter.
Goodbye to all of the Romans.
The last thing she said was “Antony, most noble Antony!” Then in the middle of a groan, she broke the name of Antony.
The last thing I saw was that I felt your tyranny.
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law has another hold on you.
You are happy with the law that threatened death.
The laws are mine, not yours.
The time and the time of day have cut off the ceremonious vows of love and the endless exchange of sweet words.
The less they deserve, the more you deserve.
The letters he speaks of may be my friends.
The lieutenant will be saved before the ancient.
Lieutenant John will be on guard duty tonight.
The life.
The same thing happens on her arm.
You are out of control.
The little dogs and all the sweethearts, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart, look at me.
I wish I could have the strength I have with you.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord bless you, noble Harry.
The Lord Mayor is knocking.
The Lord protect him from that title.
The love that follows us may be our problem, which we still thank as love.
Lunatics, lovers, and poets all have their own stories.
The madly used Malvolio. Did he write this?
It is a long thought.
The man is crazy.
The man in the moon!
The man is innocent.
The man is still a good man.
The man should be in the ring.
The man who once sold the skin of a lion while the beast lived was killed hunting him.
How did they die?
The mariners were all stowed under hatches, and I have left with a charm that accompanied them to work.
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What is the matter?
The Mayor and all his brethren are in the best form, like the senators of Rome, with the plebeians swarming at their heels, and go forth
The mayor is at hand.
In the meantime, lady, I will discuss the preparation for a war that will stain your brother.
The meat was good if you were so happy.
The goods you have brought from Rome are all too expensive for me.
The mercy you gave us quick, but late by your own counsel was suppressed and killed.
The messenger arrived on my guard and is unloading his mules in your tent.
The messengers from our sister and the king.
The Venetians are waiting for the meat.
The messengers!
The mighty dukes of Gloucester and Buckingham.
The mighty gods defend you.
I will never shake my mind and my heart with fear or doubt.
The moment they plotted is almost here.
The moblèd queen?
The money you owe me for the necklace.
The moon is down.
The moon looks like a watery eye.
The moon is bright.
The moon?
The Moor has already been poisoned by my poisonous poison.
The Moor has killed my mistress.
The Moor himself is on the sea and is in full service for Cyprus.
The Moor says that the man who is famous in Cyprus and has a great affinity for Cyprus is not only able to refuse you.
The Moor has been tricked by some villainous king, some spooky king, some spooky fellow.
The more fool you are for lying on my duty.
The better way to mourn your brother’s soul in heaven.
The more I hate him, the more he follows me.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
The more I pray, the less I am.
The more I am wrong, the more spiteful he is.
It is a sad thing that fools cannot speak wisely about what wise men do foolishly.
It is a pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.
The morning is good.
The morning is approaching.
The most exquisite Claudio?
The worst of you.
The most you wanted was her promotion, because it was your heaven that she should be promoted.
I will be your partner.
His moods are as dull as nighttime, and his mood is as dark as Erebus.
The squeak surge that screams on the pebbles is not as high as it is.
The music!
Cassius’s name honors this corruption, and his chastisement hides his head.
The teller is affected by bad news.
The more you get, the more you get.
The news is true, my lord.
The next womb will be destroyed by this storm.
She will pursue it until she wakes up.
Then our ship—which we gave out three glasses of water since it was thrown out—is as tight and yare and bravely rigged as
The night has been chaotic.
The noble Brutus told you that Caesar was ambitious.
The noble Brutus is ascended.
The Duke of Cornwall is coming tonight.
The noblest deer has them as large as the rascal.
The noise they make will wake Demetrius.
The note is in the throat, if he says I said that.
The oars were silver, which, to the tune of flutes, kept the oars from beating, and made the water that they beat to follow faster.
The oats have eaten the horses.
The obscure bird screamed livelong night.
The odds are gone, and nothing remarkable has been left over over the moon.
The old cock.
The old man and his people cannot be rewarded well.
The old man’s daughter told us everything.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
The one I will stay, the other keeps me.
The one is too much like an image, and it does not say anything. The other is too much like my lady’s eldest son, always
The one of them contains my picture, Prince.
Roderigo will die.
The one who poisoned me for my sake, and then slammed herself.
One, to save the money he spends on eating, the other, to ensure that they do not drop in his porridge at dinner.
If any of my relatives find you here, death is the place.
The order was reversed.
The other one did not.
The other half goes to the state.
The other half of the crime is in the hands of the state’s creditors, and the Duke’s mercy is the only way to punish the offender.
The ox has slammed his yoke in vain, the sluggish man has lost his sweat, and the green corn has rotted before his youth.
The pale companion isn’t for our pomp.
The passages of rivers, creeks, and narrow lands; a hound who runs against the ground and draws dryfoot well; a hound who brings poor souls to hell
The patch is kind enough, but it is a huge feeder, a snail-slow in profit, and he sleeps by day more than the wildcat.
The people know it, and now he has been accused.
The people love me, and the sea is mine.
The storm has been very great, very reasonable.
The phrase would be more logical if we could carry a cannon by our sides.
The pig, or the great, or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all different.
The plainsong is just because humor is everywhere.
The play is the way I will catch the conscience of the king.
The actors cannot keep their counsel.
Then you are ready.
That is what you are going to do.
The sails were purple, and the wind was perfumed so heavily that they were like loveicks.
The poor world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time there has been no man who died in love.
The poison is poisoning my spirit.
I have bought the pound of flesh from him.
The power of Caesar and his power to Octavia.
The king’s powers are approaching.
The prayers of saints and those of wicked people, like high-ranking bulwarks, stand before our faces.
The Prince and Claudio have promised to visit me by now. You know your office, brother.
The Prince and Monsieur Love!
My brother’s prince has outgrown me.
The Prince of Arragon has oath and is coming to his election right now.
The Prince will punish you for death if you are taken.
The Prince’s fool!
The princes have good accounts of you, I know they do, and I deserve it.
Kate, my wooing is appropriate for your understanding.
The quality of mercy is not compromised.
Nothing has been hidden.
The fight is between our masters and us men.
The Queen is approaching.
The queen is a carousel to your good luck.
The queen wants you to have some fun with Laertes before you fall to play.
The Queen will be out of audience and desire, so she will either drive her evil friend out of Egypt or kill him.
The Queen will be kindly, so she will give us up.
Your mother sent me to you.
The queen is dead, my lord.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
Cordelia and her father are going to be better.
The question of his death is answered in the Capitol.
The rarer action is in virtue than in revenge.
The rate, Shylock, should we bet your vows?
The best way to make the marriage fair is to become her husband and her father.
He is insane, and besides this actual rage, he told me a crazy story about being locked away from his house.
The reason why the stars aren’t even seven is pretty.
The plague has rid you of learning me your language.
You are as welcome to me as your master is.
The rest of the women are tired, with bleak faces coming out to see what they are doing.
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, and gentlemen of rank.
The rest of the day is marching with me.
The rest of us will keep their names as they are.
The rest of you will be glad, because your advice is good.
The revelers are coming, brother.
We are not going to take revenge on your traitorous father.
The whole world would have shook lions into the civil streets and shook citizens to their dens.
The royal tree has left us with the fruit that will be rewarded with his reign.
The saddler had it, sir, but I did not keep it.
That is true, a very brave fellow.
That is the same.
The sea would have flooded the sea with a storm as his bare head endured in a hell-black night.
The second cock crowed.
The same name, but one of better qualities.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
The messengers are ready to go.
The shame itself is saying something to remedy it immediately.
The ship was sailing.
The lark has been shrill-gorged so far cannot be seen or heard.
The sight is terrible, and the England-speaking world has made us sad.
The sight of lovers feeds those who are in love.
I think you saw me, Claudio, and the Prince.
The sin on my head is terrible, because in the Book of Numbers it says: “When the man dies, let the inheritance be ruined by the daughter.
My wife’s sister, your son, has been married by this.
The skies are painted with endless sparks.
The skies, the fountains, and every area around me were all crying out.
The skin is good for your broken head.
The sky frowns and sluts our army.
The sky would pour down a slick pitch, but the sea would scream at the fire, dipping to the cheek of the welkin.
The dead and the sleeping are just as pictures.
The slip, sir.
The soldier’s pole is falling.
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son fled.
Edward’s sons have been dressed like a sex lover, and Anne, my wife, has promised this world to me.
The sooner, the better.
I have a sorrow that I have, and all the pleasures you enjoy are mine.
The soul and body aren’t parting more than the greatness is going off.
The sound is going away.
My father’s spirit is strong in me, and I will not stand for it anymore.
The spirit has shook me.
Macbeth, the spirits who know the truth of my death have said that I am not afraid.
The spring, the head, and the blood supply are stopped.
Spring, summer, childing autumn, angry winter have all changed lives, and now the mazed world does not know which is which.
The star is falling.
The dark, dark clouds that surround you with such a dark background as fog that it is dripping with dust.
The storm is getting up and everything is on the way.
The story is in Italian, and it is all made of Italian.
The strangers are all gone.
The strings, my lord, are false.
I have done everything I can.
The sun gilds our armor.
The sun is high, and we are out of the day.
The sun still does not clear your sighs from heaven, and your old groans still ring in my old ears.
The sun was not as true to me as it was to me.
The sun will not be seen today.
The sun!
The sweet and bitter fool will appear now. The one here is in a sleeve, the other there is.
The sweeter rest was mine.
I have had the most sleep and the fairest dreams ever seen in a drowsy head since you left.
The table is full.
The taming school?
The taper is burning in your closet.
I have the time to think about everything else, except what is going on.
The tender prince would have come with me to meet you, but his mother was not able to help him.
Our terms of the estate may not be as dangerous as the slanders of his brother.
The testament!
The text is foolish.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threatened me were on my back.
You are in a third world, which you can do with a snaffle, but not with a wife like that.
The third part is drunk.
I will not be happy until I get back with him, wife for wife.
People think about them.
The three muses mourning the death of learning, late deceased in beggary.
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels of senators, praetors, and common suitors will make a poor man almost to die.
We will spend between us two and six hours.
I would rather hear a shriek in the night, and my hair would rouse and stir as much as life would be.
The time has come when the brains were out, and the man would die, and that is the end.
The time is coming.
The time is free.
The time is very short.
The time of universal peace is approaching.
It is time to come.
It was a time when you would have sounded like music to your ear, that never pleasing to your eye, that never touch well to your hand
The time will bring it out.
The town is besieged, and the trumpets call for the town to be destroyed.
The town is a bit rocky.
The town will rise.
The gang is stealing.
The treacherous instrument is in your hand, unbated and envenomed.
I remember the trick of that voice.
The triplex is a good tripping measure, or the ringing bells of Saint Bennet may remind you.
The thieves are captured in a stale plot in my house.
The Turk is ready for Cyprus.
The most brutal massacre this country has ever seen.
The night is too rough for the nature to endure.
I am sorry about the words judgment.
The smuggler hangs the smuggler.
The valiant taste of death never comes only once.
A jealous woman’s sluts are more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
We hope that such a bad look has lost its quality and that this day all grief and conflict will turn into love.
No more.
I saw you immediately, and my heart was flying to your service.
I followed him fast, but he flies faster, and I am falling in a dark, uneven way.
The Duke went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain will not escape.
He smells as violet as it does to me.
Cassio’s voice.
I will add twenty thousand crowns to their losses, another dowry to another daughter, for she has changed as she never had.
What is the bet?
The wall should curse again, I think.
The watchdogs bark.
The watery kingdom, whose ambitious head spits in front of heaven, is no obstacle to stopping foreigners.
The way we go is dangerous.
The weakest fruit drops to the ground early, so let me drop.
The sneering way has made you miserable.
We must be careful about this sad time.
The west still has some streaks of light.
What?
The whole sand, man.
Antony’s wife should have an army to fight her and have her neighs to tell her about her approach long before she appeared.
The wildest people do not have such a heart as you.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind is sitting in your sail, and you are waiting for it.
The wine of life is drawn, and the lees have left this vault to be sprayed.
She drinks the wine from grapes.
Your wisdom has cost me a hundred crowns since dinnertime.
The wiser the man, the wiser.
The wolves have preyed on the drowsy east, and look at the gentle day, before the wheels of Phoebus, around the corner
He was so long ago.
Birnam’s forests.
The word is too good to describe her wickedness.
The words expressly say a pound of flesh. Take your pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of Christian blood, your lands and goods are
The world does not have any laws to make you rich.
The world respected your father honorably, but I found him my enemy.
The world is so bad that wrens make prey where eagles do not dare perch.
The world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
The world is huge.
The worm of conscience still gnaws your soul.
The snake that has fled has a natural nature that will be ready for the moment.
The silk was dyed in mummy, which the skilled men of the maidens were able to keep.
The worst thing you have to do is to be in love.
The wren is on it, and the small gilded fly is a lecher in my eyes.
The younger ones rise when the older ones fall.
You said, “England is yours, Ireland is yours, France is yours, and Harry Plantagenet is yours.”
I will take up your virtues here, whether it is legal or not, and take up what is left out.
I am their aunt, and I love their mother.
Their battles are at hand.
Their bloody sign of battle is hanging out. Something must be done immediately.
Their love course, the day of her death.
Their defeat is caused by their own insinuation.
Their guilt has begun to swell.
Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk, and their summer beauty kissed each other.
Their ill-tempered wits convince the great masters of art, but at his touch—that sanctity has given heaven his hand—they are changing.
Their savages are unmatched courage.
Their names are snuck.
Their papers are more legal.
They are ready today by sea.
Their reputation and their profit were both better.
Their shadows are the most fatal canopy in our army, ready to give up the ghost.
Their ships are heavy, yours.
Their villainy is against my weak stomach, and I have to cast it up.
The rest of the people who are already in the mood are already in court.
Then it is like a sigh of relief from a frightened lawyer.
Then it looks like Macbeth will be king.
Then we are beggars, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the shadows of beggars.
Then she began to grieve alone.
Then be so, my good lord. How is the king?
Then be a jocund.
Then look for their evil in your eyes.
My children will never have names.
Then ask for adieu and say the tears are coming to Egypt.
Then both, or one, or anything you want.
Then take me to see them.
Then you are coming back to France after your thoughts.
Then he burst his mighty heart and, in his mantle muffling up his face, even at the base of Pompey’s statue, which ran blood
Then I will just wait a minute to get your food, like a doe, and go find my fawn and give it food.
Then I am not in bed.
Then we will call this the field of Agincourt, a land ruined by Crispin Crispianus.
Then you can confirm your Lordship that this night he dreamed that the boar had smashed his command.
Then I will be back.
Then comes the time, when someone lives to see it, that he will be able to walk with his feet.
Then she cursed Hastings.
Then they imitated the one I composed to my courser, because my horse is my mistress.
Tell me what I should do, and I will do it in your knowledge.
Then he says he gave me some shipping, unrestored.
Then Edgar was tricked.
Every soldier kills his prisoners.
Then fly!
Follow me and join me, friends.
Then go out, dear countrymen.
Then we will go in to see his Embassy, which I could guess I would be able to tell before the Frenchman tells me a word about it.
Then God be blessed, it is the sun.
You would have an excellent hairstyle.
Then half of Signor Benedick’s tongue in Count John’s mouth, and half of Count John’s melancholy in his face—with a good leg and
Have at you, boy.
Have my wit at you.
Have my lips sinned about the sin they took.
Then he is dead?
Then he offered it to him again, then he gave it back again.
Then he will not have any chance.
Then he is a rogue and a savage pavin.
Then listen to me, gracious sovereign, and your peers who owe your lives and services to this imperial throne.
Then heaven have mercy on me.
Go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
How can I say I am alone when the whole world is looking at me?
Then I beat my thorn, where they pricked their ears, advanced their eyelids, and shook their noses as they screamed music.
Then I am afraid of you, stars.
Then I know that my answer must be made.
I salute you with this royal title: long live Richard, England’s worthy king.
Then I will go see my mother.
Then I will give you the serving creature.
Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
I wish you were as honest as a man.
Then you, I and all of us fell down, while bloody treason spread over us.
Then I will be brief.
If he loses, he will end up screaming and playing music.
If we lose this battle, are you contented to be led in triumph in the streets of Rome?
Then, in my tent, you will be engrossed in my grief, and I will give you a speech.
Then Caesar and he will be forever together.
He is a nice man.
Then he is loyaler than I am.
Then the world is one.
There is the sun in heaven when earthly things are made even.
Then keep your vow, sir, when you meet the other.
I love your daughter.
Then lead the way, father.
Then learn about me.
Leave her, sir, because I tell you all her wealth by the power that made me.
Leave him alone.
Then the trumpets will sound like a tucket sonance and a note mount.
Let them use us well, and then let them know what we do, what they do.
Let your love be younger than you are, or your affection cant hold you back.
Let’s be both sudden and abrupt.
Let your servants bring my husband out.
Let them take your will.
Then, bear the truth I tell you like a Roman.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Make a ring about Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made the will.
Then meet me at the notary’s.
Do not move while I am praying.
Then murder is out of tune, and sweet revenge is getting harsh.
Then I must think you would not want it.
Then the Jew must be merciful.
Then you have to find new heaven, new earth.
Then we must look at his age to see what is wrong with his long-term condition, but also how unruly he is.
Then you should speak of someone who loved nothing wisely, but too well.
Then he never was true.
Then I have offended none of you.
Then you will be a slut, like green timber, warp, and warp.
Do not open your lips.
Please pardon him, dear father, for my sake.
Then patiently listen to my impatience.
Then you can tell you that my love is tied to rich Capulet’s beautiful daughter.
Tell her my loving story.
Then I pleaded for you.
Then pack your tethers, because I will leave.
Did you see his face?
Tell me what you want.
Tell me what you know about this.
Then you will say they were not killed.
Then I will bleed to death.
Then I will swear to Kate and you to me, and I will be able to keep our oaths well maintained and
Then Octavia’s sighs will blow the fire in Caesar, and, like I said before, the strength of their amity will prove the author of their disagreement.
Then we will be sucked into news.
Tomorrow we will see that they have none to fight.
She has some depth?
Then she is well, and nothing can be bad.
Show me.
Then I slip from her head, down topples her, and “Tailor!” cries, and falls into a cough.
I have heard so much.
Then stand with us.
He swore he was a stranger here.
Take him up and manage the sneeze.
Tell me if this brother is a brother.
Tell me, if I get your daughter’s love, what dowry will I have with her to marry?
Tell me, what is he doing at sea?
Then they are fools, because there are enough liars and swearers to beat the honest men and hang them up.
Then the whining schoolboy with his bright morning face, creeping like a snail who is unwilling to go school.
There is no lover in the forest, but sighing every minute and groaning every hour would be a good way to see the lazy foot.
Then there is the Count Palatine.
Then there were two cousins laid up, one of whom should be slashed for a few reasons, and the other would be mad without any.
There is hope that a man’s memory will outlive his life for half a year.
There is life in it.
Then you are damned.
Then she talks to the deceiving father about her son.
To have seen much and to have nothing is to have poor eyes and poor hands.
Then he will go to the wood tomorrow night.
Then we will walk out to the marketplace and waving our swords over our heads. Let’s cry, “
Let’s get rid of Litio.
Do not cry.
Then consider what loss your honor may sustain if you listen to his songs with a savage ear, or lose your heart, or
Why should I doubt it?
Then I will lay the servant creature’s dagger on your head.
Then we will woo one of them.
I wish I had never seen it.
Then do not give up, coward, and live to be the show and the gaze at you.
Then you are better than the king.
Then you are insane, if you are no better in your mind than a fool.
You do not love me?
You are around her waist, or in the middle of her favors?
Then you have to say, “I take you, Rosalind, for wife.”
Then you will bring the necklace to her yourself.
Then you will buy them to sell again.
Your hat should be sane, your bonnet should be trimmed, your sleeve should be trimmed, your shoe untied, and everything about you
Then I have a hundred pounds of meat to the pail, six fat oxen to the stalls, and all the things that are responsible for this meal.
Then I swear by myself that you are misled.
Then come back, brother.
Then, God grant me that you are being damned for that wicked deed.
Then, my good lord, do not mistake me so much to think I am treacherous.
Then teach your cousin to accept that.
If you do not like it, I will make it my fight.
If they die unpaid, no more is the king guilty of their crimes than he was before, and they have been accused of impieties
Then, in God’s name, march.
Then, in the name of God and all these rights, you will be able to follow your instructions.
If he can, he will stop.
Then, gentlemen, look at a savage world.
Then, my queen, we will sleep in the shade of the night.
Then they praised him as their father to a line of kings.
Tell me, who is next in line to inherit the kingdom of Naples?
Then, to answer every man briefly, wisely, and truly, I say I am a bachelor.
Then, window, let day in and let life go.
Then go on, with your will.
Then, in the world, you have a pair of chaps, and if you throw all the food you have between them, they will grind the one one.
Then you conclude, my grandma, he is dead.
I have followed it, or it has drawn me more.
From there we looked toward England and recalled a thousand fearful times during the wars of York and Lancaster that had killed us.
There are more things in heaven and earth than you ever dreamed of.
There are my keys, but why should I go?
There is no face more true than the one who washed so badly.
There is no other word for the turn.
There is no trick in simple and simple faith.
There are some stupid things in the same paper that steal the color from Bassanio’s cheek.
There are the actors.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please you.
I will be there.
There are fools, Iwis, and Silvered oer.
There are rats and thieves and pirates, and there are winds, and rocks.
There are some of these things, no question.
There were Antonio’s creditors in my company to Venice, who swear he cannot choose but break.
There comes a man and his three sons. I could match this with an old story.
I could have him here and there, and there again.
Here he is.
I refuse my land service.
I have another bad match. A bankrupt, a prodigal who dares to show his head on the Rialto, a beggar
I will see my own figure there.
There is a cliff, whose high and bending head is so fearful that it is deep.
You have a good attitude, captain, and though the wall itself is rotten, I believe you have a good mind to do with this kind of character.
There is a fat friend at your master’s house who cooked me for you today at dinner.
Benedick and Benedick have started a merry war.
There is a litter ready.
There is a lord who will listen to you tonight, but I am doubtful of your modesty, so you break into some fun, fun, and so offend him.
There is a man in the forest who sneezes our young plants by carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs odes on hawthorns
There is a river in Macedon, and there is a river in Monmouth.
There is a poor old man who, after me, has a long, savage step smothered in pure love.
There is only one hope in it that can do you any good.
All these men have a mind that is bent against Caesar.
There is more compliment on the French-speaking delegation.
There is some way, madam.
There is more to it than that.
That is more sense than reputation.
He is not afraid.
You do not want to harm anyone, nor do you harm anyone else.
You do not have any love.
There is nothing else than that.
There is nothing more to say.
There is no obstacle to this.
There is no other shelter in this place.
There is no other way, unless you could put on another form and not be Richard, who has done all this.
There is no other way.
There is no power in Venice that can change a decree.
There is no tarry here.
You are not terrorizing me, Cassius, because I am so honest about them that they pass by me like a wind.
There is no way, Sir Andrew, to do this.
There is no womans side who can tell me to beat a strong woman as much as love gives me.
There is no world in Verona, with walls full of purgatory, torture, and hell itself.
There is no one except him, who is afraid of me, and under him I am rebuked, as it is said Antony was by Caesar.
There is no sign of my uncle calling you.
I am sorry for your poor government.
There is not enough room for sex.
There are reasons and causes for everything.
There is one goat for you.
There is one inside, and out of all the things we have heard and seen, that the watch has seen.
There is so much that you will kill me immediately.
I am getting some bad news about sleep, because I dreamed of money bags tonight.
The princes are snoring.
Edmund, there is something strange about it.
There is something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his bravery, and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand Geese, villain?
Now there is the playhouse, and we will bring you back to France, charming the narrow seas, so you can enjoy the game.
There is enough time.
You have shown too much that it was a passion of earnest.
I had to keep your money.
There is.
Here it goes, Silver!
He lay there, stretched out like a wounded knight.
Let him sink there and the sea spit him.
Tybalt is here.
The duke is asleep, and there are the keys.
The man killed by young Romeo has killed your kinsman, brave Mercutio.
You are in love.
You are on your way, right west.
You are on your way.
Lock yourself and send him the word that you are dead.
There may be as much amity and life as treason and love.
There must be some sort of conclusion.
I will meet Lysander and myself there.
There is no ghost in the grave to tell us this.
There are still some people here who are strong against the French.
There is rust, and let me die.
Here you will find Beatrice, who is proposing to the Prince and Claudio.
Titania sleeps sometime in the night, lulled in these flowers with dances and delight.
There is a husband who can make you a wife.
The grown serpent lies in the valley.
You can scold him after he has seized his books first, or you can hit his skull with a log, or you can cut his head with your knife
You can see the great image of authority: a dog is obeyed.
You should be there.
There you speak of reason.
There to meet Macbeth.
There was a noise, that is true.
He had a pretty red lip, a little more lusty and riper than the red in his cheeks.
There was a blow for blow.
There was even more foolery, if I could remember it.
There never was a fake passion that came near the life of hers.
Walter’s dagger did not have a seat in Peter’s hat, and Walter’s dagger did not get squeezing.
There was no such army in any way.
There was no money to be used for argument until the actor and the poet were snuck in the argument.
There were no good except Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
There were no principals.
She will hide there to listen to our proposal.
We will eat there.
We will be rehearsing here, because if we are rehearsing in the city, we will be scolded with company and know our secrets.
There would be a monster like this to make a man.
There, Diomedes, there.
Here, drink that for me.
Here, gentle Hermia, I can marry you.
I will give you my blessing here.
Here, my lord.
I will catch fish, whose music is playing far away.
Stop there, sir.
Take it to you, shinners, cups, and everything.
Take it, Prince.
Here, take it, and thank you for taking care of me.
Take my coxcomb.
Take that, sir knave.
There, where the torch is burning.
There!
There.
There is a deal.
There is a division between the two dukes.
The people as well as the duke and your daughter are all kind.
There is a strong fellow, Menas.
There is a time for everything.
There is another garment for it.
There is another.
There is a beggar in the love that can be reckoned with.
There is only one one down there.
There is still comfort, they are strong.
There is Dolabella sent from Caesar.
There is enough.
There are few or none of them who will be able to do it.
There is a fire ready.
There are five to one.
There is hell, darkness, and a sulfurous pit— burning, scalding, stench, consumption.
There is still hope.
There is a man’s house in heaven, and their candles are all out.
There is a knocking at the gate.
She is not a melancholy girl, my lord.
There is magic in it.
It is true, if he is angry.
You are snoring.
Here is mine.
There is money for you.
There is money for you.
There is money for you.
There is more to this story than it does.
Here is my cap.
Here is my hand.
Here is my key.
Denmark has no villain, but he is an arrant king.
There is no way to see the mind’s face.
There is no clock in the forest.
No one can trust them.
No doubt his majesty will recover his health soon.
There is no offense, my lord.
There is no time for a man to recover his hair that is bald by nature.
There is no one in him who is truly loveless.
There is no one except witches here, and it is high time for me to leave.
There is no one else here.
I am not a man who greets me, but who greets me like if I were a well-known friend.
There is no nobler man than Antony in Rome.
There is no one in his house, but I have a servant.
We have no feather in our host, I hope.
I do not think there is a subject that is unasinessless and unasylish under the guise of your government.
She is not yet.
There is one man at the gate.
There is another thing for you.
There is already a part of a power.
There is rosemary, that is for souvenirs.
He is a good man when he wants to be good morning with such a spirit.
There is something else to do.
There is something that is wrong in it.
There is strange news coming, sir.
There is the snub of it.
That is the point.
There is respect that makes you live so long.
Two or three of us have seen strange things.
There is a warrant for that.
We will shadow the host’s numbers and make a mistake in our report.
You will not pay for the glasses you have smashed?
That is why he was not ambitious.
Therefore, all lovers are uttering their own words.
A new prologue must tell him he is not a lion.
So go away and get our stuff on board.
So cheer up.
So be deaf to my unpitied folly, and all the gods will join you.
Be damned, you are honest.
Be happy, Cassio, because your lawyer will rather die than give you your cause.
Be a good cheer, because I think you are being damned.
So be out of hope, of doubt, of doubt.
Be patient.
Be patient.
So keep up and drink to me.
So beware of my slander and keep your promise.
So confess to your sin freely, because to deny each article with a oath cant remove or choke the strong conception that I am groaning with.
So leave and leave him with me.
So go out.
Wait a minute.
So hurry and give him what he wants.
Do not give me any advice.
Give your belongings to Epidamnum, so you do not have to take your goods too soon.
Come with me.
So go.
The great French have sounded like a prank for my grief and tears.
He hates me.
Anyone who cant lick his fingers does not go with me.
Nature wanted to fill one body with all the graces.
Please, take this note.
I have urged him to come along with us the night before, so that if this apparition comes again, he can see our eyes and speak to it.
Please, lead me to the caskets, and try my luck.
Please, make your way back to my sister.
I promise you are afraid.
I tell the noble Buckingham that only a few should get the prince.
I took your hands, but I was slain from the point of view by looking down at Caesar.
I will leave.
I will sleep again.
I congratulate you in my presence.
Therefore, it is best for wise men to trumpet their own virtues, as I am to myself.
I know that Don John has earned a thousand dollars.
Benedick should go outward like a fire that is covered with sighs.
So let every man think about it now, so he can walk on foot.
Let’s follow them.
You should love it moderately.
So make space between you.
My age is as lusty as winter, but it is frosty.
I do not wear my clothes to make me sad.
I will beg him to be bedded to my son, and I will seek him deeper than he has ever sounded.
I cannot imagine any marvel though Demetrius, as a monster, flees my presence like this.
Let’s go to the matter.
Let’s take our everlasting farewell.
Stop, princess, and listen to me.
Play music, then. Prince, you are sad.
So prepare for the cut off of the flesh.
So prepare yourself.
So prepare to die.
So prepare yourself.
Every soldier should do as every sick man should do: wash every sneeze out of his conscience.
Do not speak more.
So speak softly.
So speak.
Stay for a while.
Listen to the way you implode our person, the way you swam our wretch of war.
The Dukes of Berri, Bretagne, Brabant, and Orléans will come out, and you, Prince Dauphin
The moon, the ruler of floods, is savaged in her anger, so that diseases like this are everywhere.
The sadness is without limits.
The winds that poured out of the sea in vain, as well as in revenge, have sucked up the sea.
If you are gaudy gold, I will not eat anything for Midas.
They thought it was good to hear a play and to scold you with a merriment that could cause a thousand deaths and prolong your life.
Therefore, this letter, being so ignorant, will not cause any terror in the youth.
This is why I am very interested in this.
That is why you are dead.
You have to be hanged at the state’s expense.
That is why you sleep so soundly.
I assure you that you are a bit sane.
Therefore, your parents are not stopping me.
Give yourself the best mercy or, like men who are proud of our destruction, Defy us to our worst.
So hurry up and leave.
So turn and draw.
Use your discretion.
You were locked up in this cave, which is more worthy of a prison than you deserve.
We will have about half a dozen friends, and that is the end.
So cry.
Tell the Dauphin so clearly and honestly.
You have to play Pyramus.
You may say I have lost it.
So clear your crystals.
Get it from me, as I am bound.
I will tell you, I will keep him from being greedy.
So ask, fair Hermia, what do you want?
Goodbye.
Be prepared to hear, good Brutus.
So, Emilia, give me my nightwear and adieu.
So, great king, we give our town and lives to your mercy.
You have done it.
Listen to me, Hermia.
Please forgive me, your Highness.
So hurry up Montjoy, Lord Constable, and tell him to send him to England to know what he will give us.
Therefore, merchant, I will limit your chances of finding help.
Please bring him out and be borne here for help.
My lords, we cannot wait for a happy hour to get our expedition started.
So, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be a good man.
Do not stay by his side, Antony.
I came here to tell you what he wants, so you can either stay away from his intentions or run away from the shame he will face.
So, patiently and yielding.
So, put your money in your purse.
Therefore, Katherine, you will explain your thoughts to me in broken English.
Therefore, since brevity is the source of wit and tediousness, the limbs and outward flourish, I am telling you that your son is insane.
When he sees the reason for fears as we do, his fears are as good as ours.
You clown, abandon—which is in the vulgar, “leave”—the society—which is “company.”
In our letters, we agree not well.
Therein the patient must minister to himself.
You are the weakest.
God bless you, you tyrants.
These are wild and whirling words, my lord.
These are counselors who persuade me to be what I am.
These are generous drops.
Yes, this is news.
These are not natural events.
These are the clothes that are now in fashion, and they are so sane—they are called them—that many rapiers are afraid of goose quills and dare to come here.
These are thorns, but I hope they do not bother me.
These are false accusations of jealousy.
These are terrible tricks.
I am Edward’s weep, and I do not.
These are good jokes.
These are the Christian husbands.
Both of them were put off, a poor petitioner, a caregiving mother to many sons, a beautiful widow
These clothes are good enough to drink in, and so are these boots.
These slurreds and slurred courtesies could fire ordinary men’s blood and turn the first decree into children’s law.
I am not going to think about these things.
I have penned these gifts for my father.
I have heard these words, you know you heard them.
These English problems will make me smile in France.
These men are a bit sane.
In the past fifteen years you have been living in a dream or, when you wake up, you have been as awake as if you slept.
These fifteen years!
These foolish drops drown my manly spirit.
The Count sent me these perfumes.
I have lost so much grief and loss that I will barely spare a pound of flesh to my bloody creditor tomorrow.
The feathers that are coming from Caesar’s wings will make him fly like a normal pitch.
These hands are so naive that they are meaner than I am, since I have given myself the cause.
These happy masks that kiss beautiful ladies, being black, tell us they hide the fair.
The injuries the king suffer will be revenged home.
The sun and the moon are shining in the dark.
Iago, Iago, I will send these letters to the pilot, and I will do my duties to the senate.
These lily lips, this cherry nose, and these yellow cowslip cheeks have gone away.
These many will then die.
Moors are a changeable man in their wills.
These things are beyond their use, and I am afraid of them.
He is so sane that he stole from Cordelia.
That is what Desdemona wants to hear.
These things are smothering her.
These three world-class sailors, these competitors, are aboard your ship.
These tidings will comfort Cassius.
This time is a long amble.
These times of sorrow do not give us time to woo.
The wise men who give fools money have a good reputation after fourteen years.
These are not my words.
They all hate him as much as I hate him.
They are on the court, and I think they have already ordered this night to play with him.
They are on the ground.
They are all different except for their stomachs, and we are all different in our food.
They are all welcome.
They are beaten, sir, and our advantage is a good victory.
They are coming to play.
They are absolutely welcome.
They are free men, but I am not.
They are friends, Ratcliffe and Lovell.
He is a good man.
They are in the wrath of love, and they will fight together.
They are angry.
They are louder than the weather or our office.
I am glad to see you.
They are natural. I believe they are a threat to the climate.
They are not always jealous of the reason, but because they are jealous.
They are not in my mind.
They are from Norway, sir.
They are terrible.
They are sick.
They are still so, or you, the greatest soldier in the world have turned the greatest liar.
They are excused, my lord, when they do not see what they do.
They are tired?
They are beaten.
They are wise and honorable, and will not be able to answer you with reasons, no doubt.
They are, my lord.
They are.
How is it, my lord?
They are calling for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They call it Agincourt.
They cannot budge until you release them.
They are talking about us drunk, and we are talking about them with a swinish phrase.
They could be happy to visit other places and come down with fearful bravery, thinking that they have courage.
They couldnt, wouldnt.
They told me to tell her about it, but I convinced them, if they loved Benedick, to wish him a fight with affection and never let Beatrice know about it.
They did so, to amaze me how I looked at it.
They did, Fluellen.
They are doing me wrong, and I will not endure it.
We offended them.
They all fell together, like if they were.
They flatter me.
They follow the wishes of the king.
They are all in a stomach.
They have dispatched Pompey, and Pompey is gone.
They have a coin in England stamped with the figure of an angel, but that is insculped on.
They made him drink a drink of alms.
They have made me worms meat.
They have not been commanded, mighty king.
They have said their prayers, and they are waiting for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and one man has played many parts of his life, his life played as many as seven ages.
They have tied me to a stake.
They know by height, by the mean, if there is a rift or a rift.
They know that your Grace has cause and power, and that is your Highness.
They are not able to keep up their spirits.
They want to be sane tonight in Sardis.
They are going to warn us at Philippi here, answering questions before we ask them.
They met so close with their lips that they could hear their breaths.
They murder Caesar! Who is inside?
They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
They must be there.
They must take it so seriously that they feel it.
They never meet but there is a difference in their wit.
They ask, please, so your faith does not turn to despair.
They say Edgar, his banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
They say he cried out of sack.
They say he has been a fencer to the Sophy.
They say he was well offended and paid his score.
They say there are only five people on this island.
They say this town is full of sex, as nimble jugglers who deceive the eye, dark sorcerers who change the mind, soulkilling witches that deceive.
They say you are a melancholy fellow.
They say one Taurus.
They see, smell, and have their palates both sweet and sour, like husbands.
They will be arrested by and by.
They will be married tomorrow, and I will invite the duke to the wedding.
I swear they will not have any, but my joints, which, if they have, as I will leave them, will not yield them.
They will, Nerissa, but we will be able to get better with the ones we do not have.
They shout for joy.
They shouted three times.
They sit in the parlor fire.
They will smile at me, who will be dead soon.
They are standing and would have a parley.
They stared at me and were distracted.
They are waiting for you.
They steal hearts.
They are scolded when they run fast.
They swore that you were sick for me.
They swore that you were almost dead for me.
They swore you did.
The ones who say he is drunk nightly in your company.
The people who have done this deed are honorable.
The people who reap must sheaf and bind and then cart with Rosalind.
They are thrown out of their hands, and if they fall, they will die to pieces.
They directed us to the battle, and we will follow in the battle, where we will be defeated by our chief horse on either side.
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were smothered.
They were traitors.
They were villains, murderers.
They will not believe this without trial.
They will steal anything and call it a purchase.
They will not do anything to us.
It would be better if they were followed.
They would have been a dangerous suitor.
They would like me to be as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves and handkerchiefs, which is against my manhood.
They would not want you to scold you today.
They might better wear their heads than those who have accused them of wearing their hats.
They will get a lot of news immediately.
They will whip me for saying true, you will whip me for lying, and sometimes I will whip me for keeping quiet.
They will kill us.
They will ruin my counterfeiting.
They will tell you everything.
They will adjust the time to any business we say.
They are busy inside.
Thieves!
My eyes have infected me, sweet lady.
You, Claudio, you, I say.
The worst things will stop, or else they will climb to the level that it was before.
Everything is vile and vile, and it is worthless.
Things aren’t ready until the end of the season.
It is so bad, sir, that we have not had time to move our daughter.
Everything must be as good as it should be.
I have done the same things before.
Think about it and die.
Do not think about it anymore.
Do not think I love him, even if I ask for him.
Do not think that Brutus will ever return to Rome.
Think about it.
Think about me like you would.
Think about Lord Hastings.
Think about me, that Phoebus’ sanity is getting black and wrinkled in time.
Think about your sins.
Think so, Iago?
Think about the ones who have died.
Think about Vaughan, and let your guilt fall.
Think about what you want, I am your lover’s grace.
Isn’t it true that you think I am a good man, but I know that my state is secure, I would be as triumphant
Do you think I am stronger than my sex, because I am so fathered and so married?
Do you think my uncle was lying, grandam?
Do you think the forces we have with us will cut their way through the French forces, executing and committing the crimes for which we have assembled them?
Think about a worse title, and I will give her it.
Do you think so?
Do you think you are going to walk out?
Think of yourself as a baby who has received these promises for true pay, which are not sterling.
Think, my lord?
Think, my lord?
When we talk of horses, you see them putting their proud hooves on the earth.
Do you think I am cheating?
Do you think I would live a life of jealousy, to follow the moon’s changes with new suspicions?
Do you think that you will have to be afraid to speak when the power to flattery bows?
Do you think the fiery fever will be cured by titles that are not cured?
Hortensio, are you thinking that even though her father is very rich, any man is so foolish to be married to hell?
This was the first time we have gotten together to break out with unharmed men and bear back our tars unintelligent.
This is to feel a story, not hear it.
This is a dull sight.
This is a good thing.
This accident is not unlike my dream, because I have already convinced me that.
This admiration is just like other pranks you have made.
This is the reason she wrote that she will be here soon.
This lust is deeper than a lust is, and it has been the sword of our slain kings.
This blows my heart.
This blue-eyed hag was brought here with a child and left by the sailors.
This contract does not give you any blood.
This broken marriage between you and her husband will break up her, and my fortunes against any other lay worthy of mention will grow stronger than it was before.
This flower of love may turn out to be a beauteous flower when we meet next.
This business has been well ended.
Calphurnia’s dream is a sign of this.
Caesar was a tyrant.
This cannot anger him.
That cannot happen without a reasonable argument.
This is cold now.
This casecase is in danger.
This castle has a nice seat.
This cold night will turn us into fools and madmen.
This is exactly what I said.
That is what I am saying.
I am choosing this one, because forty ducats are too much to lose.
You cannot trust this courtesy, and the duke will know that letter.
This dagger has mista’en, for his house is empty on the back of Montague, and it is misheathed in my daughter
This damned witch Sycorax was banished for all the mischiefs and crimes that were so terrible to hear about Argier.
Today I breathed first.
Today, great Duke, she shut the doors on me while she feasted on harlots in my house.
I will do this deed before I get to the point.
Your deed is no more worthy of heaven than you were before her.
Lorenzo will be happy to do this.
He greets your wife with this diamond, by the name of the most kind hostess, and shuts up in a sane mood.
I was afraid of this, but I thought he had no weapon, because he was very hearty.
This disease is beyond my control.
This disturbed sky isn’t a way to walk in.
This is a way to block the blood, this savage, but what about that?
He kissed the bride around the neck and kissed her lips with a smack so slick that at the parting the church all the screamed.
This is the way the men they follow did with a desperate hand for Fordo to live.
This is not true, because she divides us.
This dream is all wrong.
This is better than I could imagine.
This feather is a squeak.
This man is not standing on points.
I remember this man who once played a farmer’s eldest son.
This man is wise enough to play the fool, and doing that is a good thing.
This man is a very honest man, who knows everything about human behavior.
That is for him.
Will we see this fortification, gentlemen?
This evil Egyptian has betrayed me.
This was my first time in my tent this morning.
This gentleman will out-talk us all.
This green plot will be our stage, this sandbrake-brake our tiring-house.
This grief is crowned with happiness.
This summer guest, the temple-hanging martin, approves by his loved house that the heavens are wooing him.
This hand is yours.
Give Lepidus this health.
This snoring party in the east and west makes us a nation with a taxed reputation.
This house is small.
I gave it to you in our last meeting, and gave it to you in court.
I do not know.
I will tell you this, dear lady.
If she does, she will not be able to sue anyone.
Is this public opinion?
I swear to you that love will be inviolable.
This is a gift for you, Sir Toby.
This is a devil, and there is no monster.
This is a fellow of the same color that our sister speaks of.
This is not a maiden, as you say, but an old man.
This is a man’s invention, and his handwriting.
This is a majestic and charming vision.
This is a practice as slick and vile as a wise man’s art, because he shows a good example of folly.
This is a slave whose sanity fades as the king he follows.
This is a sleepy tune.
This man is a small, unremarkable man who is going to be sent on errands.
This is a result of that victorious stock, and let’s fear the native’s wits and fate.
This is a very spooky song to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is a strange thing.
That is all.
This is an asp’s trail, and these fig leaves have slime on them.
This is a strange business as a gang of men, and there is more in it than nature has ever done.
This is as uncivil as strange.
This is called the counter-attack, and so on.
This is her very guise, and I am fast asleep.
This is his second fit.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, my lady.
I am offering you this kind of offer.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is pure madness.
This is more strange than a murder like that.
I will deliver this one.
This is my treasurer.
This is not a way to excuse your cruelty, you unfeeling man.
This is not a place, this house is just a butchery.
This is not a fool altogether, my lord.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
This is not yet an Egyptian feast.
This is nothing, Fool.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
This is old.
This is open.
This is a crime, Gloucester.
Mercutio, you peace!
This is Signor Antonio.
This is some man who, after being praised for his bluntness, is a saucy rough man and is hindering his snoring.
This is a minx’s token, and I have to take out the work.
This is some monster of the island, with four legs, who has an ague, as I say.
This is some priory.
This is the dagger you said Led you to Duncan.
This is the air, that is the glorious sun.
This is the brief of money, plates, and jewels that I have.
This is the day I wish I could marry the man I trusted most.
This is the day I wished I could fall on him when I was found to be false to his children and his wife’s friends.
This is the door.
This is the excellent fopper of the world: when we are sick, often because of our own behavior, we make the sun, the moon, and the stars as if we were
This is the fairy land.
This is the fool who gave out money free.
This is the devil’s king.
This is the result of rashness.
This is the fruit of whoring.
This is the indictment of Lord Hastings, which is written out in a fair manner, so it can be read here in Paul’s today.
This is the latest talk we will admit.
This is Antonio, whom I am so bound to.
This is the man.
This is the man I have met so often in the forest.
This is the night that makes me feel like a bad night.
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo wanted us to stand.
This is the place.
This is the sergeant who, like a good and hardy soldier, fought to protect me.
This is the silliest thing I have ever heard.
Benvolio will die.
Love is a violent ecstasy, which has ruined the will of love and led it to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven.
This is the false story of verses.
This is the way you feel.
This is your job.
This is too long.
This is Trebonius.
That is good.
This island belongs to me, by Sycorax, my mother, and you take it from me.
It is better for the enemy to seek us.
Caesar’s jack will give us an error.
This slut will cost me a bit.
I will show you this kindness.
This lanthorn is the moon that is horned up.
This letter from Bellario sends a message to a young and well-educated lawyer.
This fox is a very brave man.
This Lodovico is a good man.
This is not like a wedding.
This makes Christians raise the price of hogs.
This man has had good advice from a hundred knights.
This man said, sir, that Don John was a villain.
This may be a food for my dissatisfaction.
I will get back to time and get back to the summer.
They have escaped this morning and are now in their place.
This morning, like a young man who wants to be a good man, begins early.
I will ruin this mortal house, do Caesar what he wants.
The murderous shaft that has been shot has not been lighted yet.
This is a strange story, if it is all about it.
I would like to do this, but the mistress I serve quickens the dead and makes me feel good.
This naughty man will face to face with Margaret, who was hired by your brother to do this.
Tonight I am having a feast that has been a long time since I invited many guests like me to join me.
I will spend the night in a terrible and fatal way.
Tonight, I think it is just the daylight sick.
Tonight, when a cub-drawn bear would couch, while the lion and the belly-pinched wolf would keep their fur dry, he runs unbeaten
You do not have to do this, so you can be a better person.
This letter tells me of ten thousand French soldiers who were killed on the battlefield.
This is only the witchcraft I have used.
This dangerous slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, and, gazeing in my eyes, and feeling my pulse,
I do not think I can have it.
This is the prophecy of the Lord, because I live before his death.
I received this purse full of money from you, and my Dromio brought it to me.
This quarry is crying on the ground.
This ring, sir, is a trifle.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, which gives men a good chance to digest his words with better appetite.
That is her, and I give her to you.
That is Friar John’s voice.
This is not a good thing to do.
Orlando approached the man and found it was his brother, his elder brother.
This servitude makes you want to stay unwed.
This will determine that.
This will end without the perdition of souls.
This will make our actions necessary and not envious, which will appear to the common eye so often.
The sight of death is like a bell that warns me to be a sepulcher.
This sight would make him desperate to turn his better angel into an angel and tormented him.
Your speech has moved me, and will do good.
Caesar’s speed is beyond belief.
This sword, shown to Caesar, will be able to enter me with this sword.
This time of year will not give me time to think about things that would hurt me more.
The Dauphin speaks of this.
You will answer this question.
I am a part of my life.
This is a torture that should be roared in terrible hell.
I know what you are doing.
This song is manly.
This tyrant, whose sole name is a blistering tongue, was once thought to be honest.
This villain of mine is under the prediction—there is a son against father.
This was a great argument of love for you.
This was a funny message.
Jacob did not have the power to do it, but was swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.
This was just like a fly by an eagle.
This was his basket.
This was a thing you looked for at your hand, and it was slammed.
This was not a fake.
It was a time when it was a paradox, but now it is time to prove it.
This was the most unkind cut of all.
This was the best Roman of them all.
This was a good job, my lord.
I will do this.
This way, my lord.
This way, my lord.
This is what I am doing.
This wedding day may be delayed.
This week he was sad, sad, and sad, and very different from what he was.
This was kindness.
I will wear this in my cap.
This will be a beautiful kingdom for me, where I will play music for nothing.
This will make them feel more fearful.
This will make them both so jealous that they will kill each other by looking at each other like cockatrices.
This wind you are talking about blows us away from ourselves.
This would make you drink deep.
This would have been a time of love, not of sorrow, but of another.
This wretch has confessed his crimes.
You should pity me for this, not be ashamed.
This, and Saint George to boot. What do you think, Norfolk?
This is a Montague.
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
This is Decius Brutus.
This, this All Souls Day, is the perfect excuse for my crimes.
That is it.
What is this?
He will come to know his destiny.
I must, even if I do not, because servants must be satisfied with their masters minds.
I must, and I will leave you here.
I will invite the duke and all his followers.
The earl of Surrey and himself were bringing the soldiers from troop to troop.
That is the raisind father and his friends.
I was a stranger to my brother, and I spied on them in secret.
The good eyes of the war have glowed like a tawny Mars, and now they are turning their eyes on a tawny front.
Your cheeks are a warning to be afraid.
The people of his room seemed to have done it.
You are doing their work, and they will have good luck.
The good people are as ridiculous in the country as the good people are at the court.
The people who are abominable or abominable are evil men, and they are punishable for every evil thing worse than drunkards.
All those who are already married, except one, will be married.
People who die of it rarely recover or recover.
The people who teach young babies do it with gentle means and easy tasks.
The people who have known the earth so full of faults.
Macbeth has killed the people.
The people who were enemies of your father have sprayed their galls with honey, and they serve you with hearts that create a sense of duty and zeal.
The people who follow Cassius will go with him, and public reasons will be thrown out of Caesar’s death.
If you want to hear me speak, let me stay here.
People who are eager to make a powerful fire start with weak straws.
The uncles you want were dangerous.
You should not be afraid to hear it.
You are kind.
You are crazy to say that.
You would never be afraid of the net, the lime, the pitfall, or the gin.
You are almost making me angry to say that animals are infusing themselves into men’s trunks.
You will see an Egyptian puppet in Rome, as well as I.
You and your fellow servants did your last service well, and I will use you in another way.
You are a boil, a rotten sacrament, or a rotten carbuncle in my blood.
Are you a cobbler?
You are a good man.
You are a fool.
You are a woman.
You are only a soldier.
You are a soul in bliss, but I am bound on a wheel of fire so my tears burn like a molten lead.
You are a strange man.
You are a traitor. Off with his head.
You are a villain to impeach me like this.
You are a villain!
You are armed, Gloucester.
You are as wise as you are beautiful.
You have come to answer a ruthless adversary, an inhuman wretch, unpityable, unreliable man who cannot be forgiven.
You are Dromio, you are my servant, you are yourself.
You are in a terrible state, shepherd.
You are like one of those men who, when he enters a tavern, slams his sword on the table and says, “God send me no need of you.”
I did not see you, Lysander.
You have never been conquered.
You are on your deathbed.
You are a man who is just a blow, and so is an ass.
You are sure of me.
You are the armorer of my heart.
You are the best cutthroat, but he did the same for Fleance.
You are the most noble man in the world.
You are doing the same thing.
You are your father’s daughter.
You are going to die.
You are too similar to the spirit of Banquo.
You are too wild, too rude and too bold to speak.
You are translated.
You are a baggage, let me in.
You are bleeding quickly.
You are a bloodier villain than you can kill yourself.
You are making me cry.
You are only reminded of my own conception.
You are calling on someone who hates you.
You cannot force her to do anything more than she can.
You cannot help but know who I am.
Pompey, you cant fear us with your sails.
You cannot frown, look sane, or bite the lip as angry men will, or you are not willing to be cross-talking.
You cannot speak of something you do not feel.
You cannot.
You can tell us why one’s nose stands in the middle of his face?
You are changing and self-recovered, for shame!
You are always chiddling me for loving Rosaline.
You are as good as you are.
You drank horses’ stales and puddles that animals would cough at.
You did it well.
You stopped me.
You promised to give me a full year.
You smiled at me with a fortitude from heaven when I sprayed the sea with a full sea of drops of salt, groaned under my stomach, which made me anxious to see what should happen.
You snuck my place in the right place, and do you not snuck my sorrow in the right way?
You beg her, and you are a devil.
You are only going to think he is wrong and scolded his ear with your thoughts.
You are infecting my eyes.
You mean something.
You do not want to mark me.
You do not want help from England, cousin?
You see, I eat.
You are snoring.
You speak masterfully.
You do not talk to me.
You are doing your job well.
You do, and you think it is important to tread the sand deep, run on the north wind, and do my business in the veins of the earth
You drunken slave, I sent you to rope and told you what purpose and what purpose you are trying to achieve.
You flea, you nit, you winter cricket!
You sane madman, listen to me a little.
You would have to send for more money.
You had, and more, Miranda.
You have a woman far more beautiful than any woman in this waning age.
You have a sister on the mother side, Admired Octavia.
You have amazed me.
You have braved many men, but not me.
You have sung by moonlight at her window with frightened voice verses of frightening love, and you have stolped the impression of her fantasy with bracelets of your hair
You have described a hot friend’s sneezing.
You have done a deed. I will tell you, I do not care about your sword.
You have told me I am in the war and said it is not right.
You have scolded the word out of his right sense, and your wit is so forceful.
You have ruined my fear.
You have hit it.
You have killed my child.
If you have me, you have me at the worst, and I will wear better and better if you have me.
You have been sane enough to kill you.
You have my love.
You have not, cousin.
You have your case.
You have fought with a man who coughed in the street because he woke up your dog who slept in the sun.
You have sneered at me.
Have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You have seen these signs.
You have served me faithfully.
You are getting some money from Caesar, don’t you?
You have taken my case against me, but I do not say I have dealt with your matter most directly.
You have wronged Caius Ligarius.
Ventidius, you have not been able to distinguish between a soldier and his sword.
You have.
You are lusting to use her whatever kind you want.
You know that.
You know my daughter is pretty old.
You know my place.
You do not know the effect of gold.
You do not know me.
You know that Banquo and his wife Fleance are alive.
The first time we hear the air, we cry and cry.
You know that the night mask is on my face, and you would blush on my cheek for the one you heard me say tonight.
We work with our wit and not by witchcraft, and our wit depends on our wit and skill.
You know where I will be.
You know that a man cannot wear a doublet, hat, or cloak.
You lie, a tyrant.
You are a liar, a malignant thing.
You lie, you shaggy-haired villain!
You liar, you thread, you thimble, you yard, three-quarters, half-yard, and nail!
You lie.
You live.
You look cheery, and I will be with you soon.
You look like a man who knows what is going on.
You make me happy.
You may get revenge. Oh, slave!
You could have done this without your beard and gown.
You lying slave, who cannot move, not kindness.
You have to be patient.
You must know, I am not the one who leads me to honor you, but my honor.
You should not take off my sharpness.
You naughty king, what trade?
You do not have to go.
You will never hear a herald again.
You old traitor, remember to be a quick man.
You are the worst person you have ever met.
You are the protector of this damned slut.
You sneering sneering, keep your bloody hand.
You run away, you coward, are you leaving?
You said, “Oh, it is coming to my memory as the raven oclock in the house, begging to all.” He had my handkerchief.
You say the king is getting mad.
You say your fights impeded his activities.
You say his meat was smothered with your sour creams.
You know that all the grace she has left is that she will not add perjury to her damnation.
You see how the world goes, Volumnius.
You are looking for a fight place.
You see, we are not alone in our troubles.
You will give him an eunuch to me.
It is day.
You will be the lord of it, and I will serve you.
You will be as thick as honeycomb, and each one will be stingier than bees that made it.
You will be whipped with wire and stewed in brine, smarting with ling’ring pickle.
You will buy this for me if I see you face-to-face in the daylight.
You will find that I will resume the way you think I have been cast off for forever.
You will get kings, even if you do not.
You will go back, I promise you.
You will have nothing but the penalty, to be taken at your risk, Jew.
You will be afraid to kill a bird, if I allow you to be wits.
You will not go back until I have brought this corse into the marketplace.
You are not going to be the worse for me, there is gold.
You will not have to go.
You will not die.
You will not leave this grove until I have been tormented by you for this.
You will not have him.
You will not live, so I can tell you the truth and sleep in spite of thunder.
You will not lose.
You will not have to scold one foot to find a foe.
You will serve me.
You will, I promise.
You should be honest.
You should know that Egypt had a heart.
You would not have been old until you were wise.
You should ask if any villain should be so rich.
You sing sweet music.
You are right.
You are wiser than you are aware of.
You speak with all your wit, but, i am sure, with enough wit.
You are sticking a dagger in me.
You have been the father of good news.
You are not me, you are Caesar.
You teach me.
You think it is a big deal that this violent storm has smashed us to the skin.
You think I am in the sport.
You told me they were stolping into this wood.
You told me you hated him.
You torture me, Tubal.
You are upset, I am not in the mood.
Capulet, you villain!
You villain, what do you say?
You were never with me for anything when you weren’t there for the goose.
You were beaten by your bloody mind, who never dreamed of killing butchers.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
When you get older, you will fall backward.
You will fight with a man who cracks nuts just because you have hazelnut-covered eyes.
You are going to write Antony about it?
You are worms meat when it comes to a good piece of flesh.
You would have made your story large.
You would be a good fool.
You seem to call for company to countenance her.
You, my slave, were her servant when you reported yourself.
You are fighting with a man who has a more or less beard than you have.
You, wretched boy, who swore he here will go with him.
If you have, great Glamis, what you say, “Thus you have to do.” If you have, and what you fear to do
You are a good scholar.
You are right.
You would not want to kill a bear, but if you were flying toward the sea, you would meet the bear in your mouth.
You would thank me a little for my advice.
You have said it.
The whole world could see, but none could be as blind as he did.
Even though evil would look like that, good will do.
Though Birnam Wood will be coming to Dunsinane, and you are opposed, because you are a woman, I will try the last.
Cassio did some wrong to him, as men in rage strike those who wish to be the best.
Though it is much more important to be angry, it is much less likely to curse me.
I wish I could be much better for myself alone, but I wish I could be tripled twenty times more easily, a thousand times more beautiful than
Although he is as good a gentleman as the devil, as Lucifer and Beelzebub himself, it is necessary that he keep his vow.
Though his ear cannot be lost, it is still in the mud.
I am mad, but I will not bite him.
Though I will die for it, as it threatens me, I will be relieved of the king.
Although I look old, I am strong and lusty, since I have never been a victim of the cold and rebellious liquors in my youth, and I have never
It does not matter that I struck him first.
Even though I wish you were dead, I will not be the one to commit you.
Even though it is a little out of fashion, this Welshman has a lot of patience and courage.
Even if it is true, it is never good to bring bad news.
It is a pity to see such a man, but it is becoming ground.
Even though you have told me to endure her loud screams, there are good fellows in the world who could take her with all the faults
Nature has given us the wit to betray us, but hasn’t Fortune sent this fool into the fight to stop us?
Even if the news is sad, tell me a lot.
Even though my face is now covered with the drizzled snow, and all my blood has froze, I have lost some memory for my night of life.
Even though others have the arm, show us the sleeve; you can move in your direction and move us.
Though our lives are different, your spirits are shining through you.
The queen is here for a special cause, but her army has moved on.
Even though we have never been in a fight, now we know that it is a good idea to have access to our mistress and to be happy rivals in Bianca
Though nature can be a good reason, it can be a bad reason, but it is a problem.
Even though they urged me to shut my doors and let this tyrannical night take hold of you, I have come to find you and bring you where fire and food are ready.
Though this island seems to be deserted,
Even though having her and death were both one thing.
Though we have spent our time with this king, we are now going to harvest his son.
You have put me in a dark room and given your drunken cousin control over me, but I have the benefit of your love as well as my senses.
Three and three of us will have a feast of great honor.
Three people in all of Egypt can not make a better note.
Three kings I had recently feasted on and wanted to be the one I was in the morning.
Three months after twelve months.
Three of the carriages are very expensive, very responsive to the demands of the passengers, the most delicate carriages, and very liberal.
Three or four women stood and cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three good young men are excellent at achieving their goals.
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio bound.
Three thousand ducats, well.
Three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked at the Tower, as if he was loathed to bring me to the slaughterhouse.
Three words, dear Romeo, and indeed good night.
I remember threescore and ten, and I have seen a lot of strange things, but this sore night has ruined my old memories.
Calphurnia cried out three times, “Help!
Then he walked by their oppressed and fear-stressing eyes within his truncheon’s length, while they sprayed almost to the ground with their fear, stand dumb and do not
My noble lord, let me ask you to forgive me for a night or two, or if not until the sun sets.
The cat has mewed three times.
I saw him down in an hour, down again, and fighting again.
The ambition that will be a king of your own lives will be a king.
By the dead and drowsy fire, light up the house.
The wind blows through the hawthorn.
I will fight my heart against the hardness and flint of my fault, dried out with grief, and break into powder and finish all foul thoughts.
I will not do anything.
Throw some of them at me.
Throw this slave on the dunghill.
Thursday is near.
Answer me in the name of Benedick, but hear these bad news with Claudio’s ears.
That is bad, and worse is still behind.
I am dying.
All traitors are welcome.
I always make money from fools.
They take the Nile by certain angles in the pyramid.
He is forcing wicked men to turn their swords into their masters’ swords.
He is a noble man, a good man, and a good man.
Our bending author has sat down with a rough and unreliable pen to tell the story, in a little room surrounded by mighty men.
Yours has taken my sin out of my lips.
Everyone goes to the world except me, and I am sunburned.
He lost sixpence a day in his life.
The candle has singed the moth.
That is why the courts have whirled around you and left you to the time.
I have started my reign politicically, and I hope to end it with a good ending.
I have done my part, Wall.
You have heard me smother my bliss.
By your advice and your assistance, King Richard is sitting.
I think so by him.
I am free from the sorrow of Antony’s death.
I let you go and give you to the gods.
I will do it again.
I will go see her.
That is what it must be.
It is still alive, and the rest is still alive.
Then the losers are part of the equation.
We can get honey out of the weed and make the devil himself a moral decision.
I must go from the smoke into the smother, from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother.
The ornament is like a shoreline to a dangerous sea, the beauteous scarf showcasing an Indian beauty.
So Rosalind was created in a heavenly chamber with many faces, eyes, and hearts, so that she can have the most precious touches.
My king says that we were only sleeping, even though we were dead.
My king says that if your father’s Highness does not sweeten the bitter mock you sent his Majesty, he will ask you to answer it so hotly
The bowl should run, and not unluckily against the bias.
So, in short, the valiant Paris wants you to marry him.
I was asleep by a brother’s hand, and cut off my sins in the blossoms.
That is why we are agreeing.
We can see how the world works.
When you shun your father, you fall into the trap of Charybdis your mother.
I will die with a kiss.
With a wing that is imagined, our scene is a little more chaotic than thought.
Your adversary’s wife is praying for you.
Your asses have gone on.
Your bed will be lust-covered, and it will be spotted with lust’s blood.
Your Brutus told me to give it to you, and I will do his bid.
What are you doing?
Your case, dear friend, will be my precedent.
Your Clarence, who stabbed my Edward, is dead.
Your conceit is closer to death than your powers are.
Your lustful spirit ruled a wolf, who was hanged for human slaughter, and even from the gallows, and escaped his soul.
Your dmon, that you are a noble, courageous, high, and unmatched person, where Caesar is not.
Your death and your fortune will help your followers escape.
Your drugs are fast.
I leave your dukedom and ask you to forgive me for my crimes.
Your Edward, who killed my Edward, has been sentenced to death.
Your evil spirit, Brutus.
Your eyes are almost in your head.
Your face is mine, and you have slapped it.
Your false uncle, are you getting attracted to me?
Your Fates are open.
Your father has his life.
Your father!
Your clothes are not spotted with our blood, and you are not in the compass of my curse.
Your gown?
You will have it.
You have never forgotten the half of your kingdom, where I have gotten you.
Your head is full of fights as an egg is full of meat, and yet your head has been beaten as much as an egg for fighting.
Your husband is dead in Paris, and Paris too.
Your husband knew everything.
Your husband.
Your Juliet is alive, for whom you have just died in the last few months.
We are taking your hands on your land and all the things you call your worth-sale.
Your life has had honor in it.
Your life is a miracle.
Your love will never change until your beautiful life ends.
Your love?
Your lover, Artemidorus.” I will stand here until Caesar passes by, and as a suitor I will give him this.
Hamlet, your loving father.
Your personality will thicken when he shines.
Your master and his servant are here, and that is a false news that you have given us.
Your master is a wise and brave Roman.
What are your mistress’s marks?
Your mother was a piece of virtue, and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name is ominous to children.
Your mother has been poisoned.
Your name is Gloucester.
Your reason, dear venom, give your reason.
What is the reason, man?
You are still invisible.
Your sister’s sister.
Your slander has broken her heart, and she lies buried with her ancestors in a tomb.
Your smiles make you happy.
Your spirit walks out of here and turns our swords into our own sluts.
Your spirits are even taller than you are.
Your substance, valued at the highest level, cannot be a hundred marks.
I am listening to your thoughts.
Your threats do not have any more strength than her weak prayers.
Your truth will be your king.
Your voice is thunderous, but your looks are humble.
Your wild actions are like the fury of a beast.
Your wit is a bitter sweetener.
Your sorrows will make them sharp and piercing like mine.
You are a queen, for I was a queen, and you have overlived your glory like my wretched self.
You are coming to see the dreaded act you wanted to stop.
Bring them in.
You will see what you are doing yourself.
I will come immediately, and I will kill you.
Tie up my love’s tongue.
Put the libertine in a field of feasts, keep his brain snoring.
Tigers, not daughters, what have you done?
I cannot stop tainting with fear until Birnam Wood leaves Dunsinane.
I would beg him to stay here until he returns home.
Good-bye until I see you dressed in your soldiers’ clothes, which will make you both.
I will go to bed until night, my lord, and all night.
Till noon?
I will go see the town, see the traders, and then look at the buildings, and then I will return to my inn.
So sit still, my soul.
That is enough.
So, take the first step.
But Brutus would rather be a villager than be a son of Rome under these harsh conditions.
Now, think about the world.
You can only offend your lungs by speaking so loud until I get the contract.
I am doing my job until I see you.
Time is coming.
I have never been sick of this blood, nor have I never been so old enough to age, nor have I ever been so old, and I will have so much luck
Time has come round, and where I started, I will end up.
Time will tell what lies are, and who will be punished for it forever.
Time travels with different people.
Time, you are anticipating my terrible exploits.
It blushes, is a shame-faced spirit that mutinies in a man’s heart.
It is an excellent army, and it is full of purpose.
It is a day like the day when the sun is hiding.
He is a good young man, and he is well attended.
I will never change your virtue for you.
It is a fearful situation.
It is a good dullness, and give it away.
It is a good hand, a fair one.
It is good to hear when children come.
It is a good silling, I promise you, or I will change it.
It is a brave man, and when it is revealed, it will be a savage.
It is a loss of fear.
It is a match.
It is a naughty night to swim in.
It is a false view.
It is a good idea to think about it.
It is a shrewd doubt, even though it is just a dream.
It is a strange snake.
It is a good thing for a sovereign to be a good man, and for a sovereign to be a good man, and for the world to be a good man
It is a very excellent piece, madam.
It is a vile thing to die when men are not prepared for it and do not look for it.
It is a wild night.
It is a wonder that if you leave, she will be tamed like that.
It is a world to see how tame it is when men and women are alone, and a wretch can make the curstest shrew.
It is a good governor.
It is an old age that nourishes us.
It is all about being a part of the story.
It is almost fairy time.
It is almost morning.
It is as arrant as a piece of slander, you can tell, in your conscience, isn’t it?
That is Banquo’s.
It has been a deal that shook us, alone, so that she will be scolded.
It is best to find the way he wants.
It is better than that.
It is better to be brief than to be tedious.
It is bitterly cold, and I am sick of heart.
It is too bad to say something.
It is too short, my lord.
I can go a little way, because I am here.
It is only a man who has gone.
What do you mean by words?
It was an hour ago, when it was nine, and in an hour more it will be eleven.
Death is the reason for it.
I am not fighting you.
It is called the evil.
He is sure he has crossed the river Somme.
The Prince is wooing for himself.
That is true for Cyprus.
There is certainly no boy left alive, and cowardly rascals who ran away from the battle have done this slaughter.
Every man is dying a lot, and it is a lot like it.
It is certain.
It is Cinna.
It is not going to be.
It is cowardly and womanish.
It is dangerous to be able to speak.
It is dangerous when the mighty opposites are surrounded by a sand.
It is time for anyone in Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it, and I want all good mens love.
It is impossible to control your destiny, like death.
It is already done, and the messenger has gone away.
I have done it, and it is about to end in “Margaret.” You have ruined yourself.
It is done.
It is wrong to cheat on you and let her see it in your eyes.
It is even worse, because we should leave our fingerache and cause other healthful people to feel pain.
That is true.
He is always a sleepy man.
It is valued, not petty.
It is against the law of arms.
It is false.
It is far away, and it is more like a dream than an assurance that my memory is worthy of.
It is all in my tongue.
It is good to understand them.
It is best to do it.
It is for the dead, not for the quick.
It is your sister.
It is gone.
It is good we do so.
It is good.
It is difficult, almost impossible.
It has been hatched, and it will be.
It is the man who sent us here to destroy you.
He is the villain Romeo.
That is him.
That is him.
It is a heavy night, but these are fakes.
That is what she is supposed to do.
It is here.
It is here.
It is his style.
He is a victim.
It is hot, it is smokey.
It is locked in my memory, and you will keep the key.
We are either here or here.
It is just me.
It has been known before.
It is late.
It is like a sneering crow.
It is like the howling of Irish wolves against the moon.
It is marvellous, but you are only coming soon, and you might have heard it elsewhere.
I would do that very often.
It is midnight.
It is best to do it.
It is mine, and I will have it.
It is terrible.
It is more, it is more.
It is the best thing to do.
It is true, and he asked me to ask your Majesties to watch the matter.
He is a wise man who guides his bravery to act safely.
It is much. Servants, leave her and me alone.
That is my picture.
It is neither here nor there.
It is new to you.
It is nine oclock.
It is no less, I tell you, because the dial’s sluggish hand is now on its way to the end of the day.
It does not matter how well it is in tune, so it does not sound too loud.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
It does not matter.
It is not the time to play.
It is noble Kent, your friend.
It is noble.
It is not time for private sex.
It is not appropriate to obey him like this.
It is not for the king to play a game with Satan.
It is not in the contract.
It is not needed yet.
It is not true now.
It is not as sweet as it was before.
It is not the first time you have been overshot.
It is not the king who sends you to the Tower.
It is not fair to say my wife is well fed, loves company, speaks freely, sings, plays music, and dances.
She is not talking to me.
It is not yet day.
It is only four oclock now.
It is near night.
It is twelve.
It is the time of night for witching, when churchyards are yawning and hell itself breathes out the world.
It is one Iago, old to the general.
It is a bit sour to be Caesar.
It is partly my own fault, which will be fixed soon.
It is good.
It is past, and so am I.
It is a terrible thing, but Iago knows she has had sex with Cassio a thousand times.
It is a pity for him.
It is a shame that you walk around the corner where honest men are putting their money.
It is appropriate that I obey him, but not now.
It is better to be the one who is destroyed than to be the one who is infected with doubt.
They said they eat each other.
It is said, man, and it is all done.
She is going to do it, and, lo, she will do the happiness.
It has been eleven years since the earthquake. I will never forget it.
It is so strange that even though the truth is as gross as black and white, I will not see it.
It is true, but Edward is still alive.
It is so, and he has a self-described neck that he has sneaked so furyously.
That is true.
That is true.
It is a bit mischievous, but the scream is very dire.
It is something, it is nothing: it is mine, it is his, and it has been slave to thousands.
It is well spoken.
It is a good thing to be a runner.
It is strange that they leave home without sending back my messenger.
It is strange to hear these lovers say.
It is strange, strange.
It is strange.
It is strange.
That is another savage.
It is hard to bear such idleness in the heart as Cleopatra did.
It is a curse of service.
It is the same age he has.
It is the last command I will ever give you.
It is the time when madmen lead the blind.
They have put him on the death penalty, and he has lost his money.
It is true Richmond is their admiral, and there they are, expecting Buckingham’s help to welcome them to shore.
It is three oclock, and, Romans, we will fight for luck in a second night.
I hear him flattered, even though he is dead.
It is time I will tell you more.
It is time for me to leave.
It is time to look around.
It is time to get out of here.
It is time that we pulled ourselves out of the field and assembled ourselves to the ground.
It is not a doubt, madam.
It is too bad, too bad.
It is too late to go to bed now.
It is too narrow for you to think about.
It is torture and not mercy.
It is true, your daughter says.
It is true, and it is a worthy signior.
It is true, my brother’s daughter is the Queen of Tunis, and she is heir of Naples, a region with plenty of space.
It is true, my lord, I had this ring from her.
It is true, my lords, he did.
It is true, this god shook!
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
That is true.
It is twenty years until then.
Two or three men, my lord, who bring the word Macduff to England.
It is very good.
It is very sad to think about it.
It is very similar.
That is very much appreciated.
It is very strange.
That is true.
That is true.
It is not a crime, unless it is a little quaint, and it is not a crime.
It is good, boys.
It is clear.
It is good for you to think that you cannot escape Egypt without your more free-thinking.
It is good you found me.
It is good you are not a fisherman.
It is good you offer her behind her back.
It is good that you hunted for yourself, sir.
It is good.
It is a good thing.
He is standing between boy and man in the water.
It is wonderful that your life and your wits have not been finished all together.
It is wonderful.
It is worse than murder to be punished if you are guilty of such violent outrage.
It is yours, and we, your scutcheons and your signs of conquest, will hang anywhere you want.
Titinius, if you love me, mount my horse and hide your snore until he has brought you up to troops and here again.
Titinius’s face is upward.
I am not a soldier.
Go to a monastery.
I am back to the ropes, sir.
To Adriana, you are a villain.
To Adriana.
We will have the bear again to make him angry, and we will make him black and blue.
To answer by the way, in the first place of his heart.
To answer that question, I would confess to you.
To bait fish withal.
To Baptista Minola.
To be a good man is a gift of luck, but to write and read is a natural gift.
I am sorry, madam.
To be Count Malvolio!
To be honest, as the world goes on, it is to have one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be a sensible man, by and by a fool, and now a beast!
I will be sure I am not sure.
You cannot be your fellow, but I will be your servant whether you want me to or not.
To bed, to bed.
To bed?
You will be a friend to both of them.
To Brutus’s, to Cassius’, burn everything.
We will go to it with delight.
Go to sleep, quiet!
I will give Caesar my legions and my horse.
We are going to say “Amen” to that.
To cut the penalty from that bankrupt man there.
To die, to sleep—and to say that we are ending the heartache and shocks that flesh heirs are experiencing—is a wish.
To die, to sleep.
I will try to do this, and I will try to do it.
I learned about you.
What do you want, sir?
To Dover.
They are asking us to eat them hungry, and when they are full, they will be begging us.
I will go to England and go there.
I have been more generous to you than any other person, and I will give this young scholar to you.
Do not wish yourself harm to me.
The best way to eat is to be at home.
To get her fan, her gloves, her mask, or anything?
To get my poor husband out of here.
To find you.
To flatter Caesar, would you get a man to tie his points together?
If the boar were flying before the boar were chasing us, the boar would force the boar to follow us and make pursuit where he did not mean any chase.
Is your lady inside?
You are afraid to think I am too savage, and you are worse off if you were beaten with cruelty.
To get his place and to get him to do the same.
To speak my language like this, as you say.
To have a foolish wife.
To have a thousand of spits come in with them.
To have no man come over me.
To the woman who is not here, and does not hear it.
When I saw Hermia, I was beaten to her.
To her, widow.
Tell him what he is saying, in your own voice, and tell me how he is.
I will.
To him, Sir Topas.
I will send my wife to him with whatever else you think I will do.
He is so sweet and loving.
You gallant princes, you are right to horse.
I will go to Ireland.
To leave his wife, his children, his house, and his titles in a place he is flying?
I would give them to me when I needed them, which you both denied.
To make a story of her life a story of a rotten marlon?
To make the society more welcoming, we will stay here until dinnertime.
To make you answer to your name.
It is a prison.
To me, sir?
To move is to stir up, and to be brave is to stand.
I will not give you any more notice or place.
No more than you, no more than you are when you come.
You will see enough to get to one of your guests.
To our house.
Take many doubtful friends to our shores, unarmed and unsolved, and beat them back.
When a majesty is a wicked man, it is a duty to be honest.
To prayers, to prayers, to prayers, to losses.
Go to prison, eyes, and never look at liberty.
It is too bad to punish me for what you make me do.
I will say she is not.
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, who has been beaten up in this city, publicly beheaded for his crimes.
I do not see any moment.
To find my uncle in the Forest of Arden.
To serve me well, you all should do me the duty of being your queen, and you are my subjects.
It is easy to fool a sad man into a false mood.
To fools and chronicle small beer.
To supper?
To take it back again.
I will never take the widow out of her house, making her mad sister Goneril.
Tell me you will see me at Philippi.
I am trying to tell you the truth.
Telling you where he is sleeping is like telling you where I am lying.
Take the priest, the clerk, and some honest witnesses to the church.
To the monument.
I presented him with the Paris balls, as if he was younger.
To the breach, to the breach!
To death, my lord.
To the Elephant.
You excellent devil of wit, to the gates of the city.
To the health of our general.
Go to jail with him.
To the mines?
Go to the sea immediately.
To the tune and words.
To God’s mercy.
To the vales, and have our best interests.
You are supposed to be a woman.
I recommend my soul, and I will let my eyes fall.
You, who have neither been a good man nor a good man.
Everybody who tries to obey these rules swears I am a victim of a terrible self-destructiveness.
What is the news about our second daughter, Regan, wife of Cornwall?
To this chair, bind him. By the gods, it is utterly foolish to get my beard sucked away.
Add defiance to this, and, for the sake of the conclusion, tell him he has betrayed his followers.
To threaten me with death is most illegal.
To go away with the title, as her mother does.
We can return to what base we use, Horatio.
What do you think?
What do you want to do with your stay home?
What do you want, my lord?
What do you want?
To which we all appeal.
Who is the office?
Who?
Who do you say this?
Who is your Grace speaking in all this presence?
To whom, my lord?
To those who sent the king to hell.
I will put the love I had for my cousin on his body that killed him.
I am bound to live and teach you.
To, to, to murder me?
Today the lords you mentioned are beheaded.
Tom will throw his head at them.
Let’s go!
Tom is cold.
Tom is chilly.
Tomorrow dinner?
I will go hunting again tomorrow.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow morning, come to my house, and since you cannot be my son-in-law, be my nephew.
Tomorrow night, look for yourself to be alone.
Tomorrow night, when Phoebe sees her silver face in the watery glass, covered with pearls, and the sand still hiding in the air.
They will be here tomorrow or the next day.
Tomorrow we will go back to our brother brother England.
Tomorrow we will be fully informed.
I will be sure you come tomorrow.
Tomorrow we will hear our thoughts again.
I will send you tomorrow.
Will you be crowned tomorrow?
Tomorrow we will be married.
Let me speak with you tomorrow, with your earliest words.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, we all scold fools in this small way from day to day.
He will do it tomorrow.
Tomorrow, before the sun will see, we will spill the blood that has escaped today.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I will be able to tell you what land and sea forces I can do.
If you want to speak tomorrow, I will come to your home.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I will fight for my credit, and the one who escapes me without a broken limb will acquit him well.
Tomorrow, soldier, I will fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow is a good day.
No one can understand or name you.
No, do not say a word.
Tonight I will leave.
Tonight I will be trauer Hero.
Tonight in Harfleur we will be your guest; tomorrow we will march on.
Tonight she is a little dreadful.
My son is too familiar with such sour company.
Too late, good Diomedes.
It is too long for the things you want.
I am too old by heaven.
Too old to be engaged to young people.
Too fast is as bad as too slow.
Too well what women can owe men.
Too well, too well.
Tooth that poisons you if it bites, Mastiff, greyhound, and savage.
Touch her soft mouth and march.
Do not touch me so close to me.
Have you touched the bastardy of Edward’s children?
We must be so sane, whose ruins you have sought, that we can get you to the law.
I tell you this, it is an honest ghost.
They fled towards Peloponnesus.
Is Chertsey, noble lord?
I made him to him, but he was ware of me and stole into the woods.
Are you the powerful pike?
Tranio has hit you right now.
Tranio, I saw her coral-covered lips and perfumed the air with her breath.
Let’s go.
Tranio, you scolded me.
I will go to your power.
Travelers are never lying, even though fools at home condemn them.
Go, give me your money.
Treachery!
The two of them were always kept together, as two swore to each other, working so grossly in a way that admiration did not hurt them.
He is not guilty of any crime, nor is he not guilty of poison, domestic, foreign, or anything else.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his time.
She stood trembling and suddenly dropped down.
The oaths of the general’s order and the horrid order of the camp will be a great thing to think about.
Trinculo, if you bother him more about it, I will supplant some teeth with this hand.
Trinculo, speak well.
Trinculo, do not run into any further danger.
I am here, Audrey.
The king is a triple-turned whore!
I think your other rebato would be better.
My lord, I have played Lady Fame.
No, no more than reason.
I cannot give any to you without words, and words are so false that I am loath to prove that I am not capable of doing anything wrong.
Do not bother him until he has settled.
Do not bother us.
Do not bother yourself anymore.
Do you know where I am going?
Hope is swift and flies with swallows wings.
We have seen better days and been sat at good men’s feasts and sat at the drops that have sparked our fears.
It is true or false, it has made you the Earl of Gloucester.
Yes, madam.
Yes, madam.
Yes, my good boy.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, noble prince.
Yes, sir.
“No,” she said, “a fine little man.” “No,” I said, “
Yes, it is true.
Yes, it is.
I am afraid you are damned by both your father and your mother.
That is a sneering sound.
Yes, she is obedient, and she is a good-bye.
I am sure it is a shadow.
I have him, but I would not be the party that wants you to touch him, since he is immortal.
I think they are.
I wish you were poetical.
Yes, madam, he holds Beelzebub at the end of the fences as a man can.
I am Cinna.
She is a very good writer.
Yes, a marriage is required, or the marriage is not legal.
It is a good life, but it is a good life, and it is naughty.
I am a wll.
I am just a cobbler.
The better for my enemies and the worse for my friends.
I am going to do more work, sir.
You are an honorable father.
The more he is to blame, the more he is to blame.
The tree is rotten.
Yes, young men, though there was no big thing in the ditty, the note was still untold.
Trust me, I am glad about that.
I could do anything. Please, do not do anything else.
I am afraid it is.
Trust me, I am taking him for the better dog.
Do not trust rotten bushes.
Do not trust Trebonius.
Think about it.
Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, will give me a bed.
Once more, I will come to know you, King Harry, if you want to get your ransom before you have finally been overthrown.
Tunis has never had such a queen.
Turn this man off to the noble countenance where the whole world worships.
Turn melancholy away to funerals.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues, and my horse is a good argument for them all.
Turn your back and tell your king I do not want him now, but I could be willing to march on to Calais without impeachment.
Look, there, as grim as hell.
Turn right at the next turn, but at the next turn turn on your left.
Turn, dog, turn!
I will give you a chorus to this story.
Do not worry, man.
Tush, Gremio.
I would rather say the fool is the fool.
I will be scolded, and everything will be good, I promise you.
You are wrong.
Oh, hey, man, you should never flee and jest at me.
Oh, a toy!
Do not worry about me.
I know why they do it.
I have lost myself.
I have the best armor in the world.
I do not like it.
She is a lamb, a dove, a fool to him.
You are a man.
We will not fight.
Oh, you are iced, your kindness froze.
He never liked a color.
It was a fault that was not willing to be overcome.
It was a rough night.
It was a shame no less than his loss, to get your flying flags and leave his navy to watch.
It was a sweet marriage, and we are all happy.
It was a long time before I could get a tooth.
He was told against him, and he resigned the house with the intention of making money from him.
I was promised to strike, and you have given me the harshest punishments.
I was the one who killed her.
I was, but I am not.
It never happened in a happy world, since low-class behavior was a compliment.
There was no need to tell me to trudge.
He was in his tent on a summer evening, and that day he overcame the Nervii.
You were the boy who stole your meat, and you will beat the post.
It was flesh that shook the pelican daughters.
I was told that you were rough and coy and sullen, and now I find a report that you are a liar.
That was where you wooed the gentlewoman so well.
It was comforting to see that misfortune could make the tyrant angry and frustrate his proud will.
We laughed at you.
Is it weak by the nose?
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago your father was the Duke of Milan and a powerman.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
It would be a good deed to drink when a man is hungry, to challenge him to the field, and then to break his promise with him.
He should not say anything wrong about Brutus here.
It is damning to think so, but I do not know what to say.
It would be good to do so much for charity.
You should tell him, because who is just a queen, fair, wise, would hide from a paddock, from a bat, a gib?
You would be too curious to think about it.
He turned his back twice and wisely, but kindness, nobler than revenge, and nature, stronger than his just occasion, made him give battle to the lioness
Then the trumpets sounded twice, and I left him tranced.
It will be a good way to fight, and tomorrow the fight will be.
It will be a storm.
It will be heavier soon than a man’s weight.
You will be wrong.
It is a naughty thing, but let it be.
It is time to set a precedent, and many errors are coming.
You will gain or perish on the sea.
Wind and rain will keep you warm.
He is not going to be seen there.
Two deep enemies, who begging me to rest, and my sweet sleepers, are those who I wish you could deal with.
Two hundred ducats.
Two nights together, these gentlemen Marcellus and Barnardo were on their watch, in the middle and dead of the night.
You are at two oclock?
Two of both kinds make four.
Two of my brother’s men were bound.
Two of the brightest stars in all the heavens have to work together, and she is asking her eyes to twinkle in their spheres until they return.
Two of them have the honor, and if they are misled, they will be able to do it in John the Bastard, who is a villain.
Two or three groaners.
Two of these opposing kings are still in man as well as in herbs.
Two things are to be done.
He has given the court justice all the money he possessed, and all the money he lent to his son Lorenzo.
Two thousand ducats by the year of land.
Two, two, a hat and a smock.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished.
Tybalt has been killed, and Romeo has been banished.
Tybalt would kill you, but you killed him.
Tybalt, my cousin.
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?
Tybalt, old Capulet’s heir, sent a letter to his father’s house.
Tybalt, the reason I have to love you is to excuse the rage that comes with such a greeting.
Tybalt’s death was a terrible one if it had ended there.
Tyranny is dead.
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants were crying when they heard it.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
He is no more than a poor, bare, forked animal as you are.
Unarm, Eros.
Unbutton here.
You have treated me badly, and my hopes are ruined.
Uncle, I have to come out.
Uncle, this is a Montague, our enemy, a villain who has come here to humiliate our sins this night.
Uncle, you know how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Why are you coming to murder us?
Relax in the western valley.
Women should die at a moment like this.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
I sink under the heavy burden of love.
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under the earth.
Under this pretext, speak, my lord.
What captain do you serve?
What title should I give you, so that God, my law, my honor, and her love can make her happy years look like joy?
Take it away.
I will sell my dukedom to buy a slobbry and a dirty farm in that nook-shotten isle of Albion.
Unhappy luck!
I am so unhappy that I cannot eat my heart into my mouth.
Unkindness can do much, and his unkindness can defeat my life, but not hinder my love.
Do not scold your lord, your king, your governor.
If he does not have a fancy in this way, as it appears, he is not a fool.
If he hasn’t mista’d his colors, which I am sure I haven’t, his regiment lies at least half a mile south of the king.
If the master were the man.
If you could teach me how to forget my banished father, you shouldnt teach me how to make fun of my extraordinary pleasure.
I am not a good lady as you are.
This is a terrible mockery!
I will bet I will bet I will bet I have been a fool until I know this.
It is too late to get hurt.
Storms make men expect a weakened body.
To bad causes swear as many men as you can.
The high, imperial kind of glory is to the dignity and height of happiness.
I was unwilling.
I will lead them up and down, up and down.
He was crowned by the golden sun, sat in the air, saw his heroic seed, and smiled to see him mangle nature.
That is correct.
Up to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
I will lie here tonight.
Up, my lords.
You are the dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy, Jacques Chatillon,
Up, up, and see the great doom’s image.
Up.
I was upset with the cut of a courtier’s beard.
On the condition that your sister’s son, Publius, will not live.
Upon her arrival, Antony sent to her and invited her to supper.
He is ashamed to sit on his forehead, because it is a throne where honor can be crowned.
He is not a man who has dreadfully rounded him, and he has not snuck up on a dark night.
I swear, my brother, and this grieving count saw her hear her, at that hour last night talking to a ruffian at her window.
I heard a humming, a strange one, which awakened me.
Then each actor came on his ass.
I swear, I am obnoxious of all my money.
I will do it on my life, my lord.
She is a sane woman.
I can dismiss this court unless Bellario is coming today.
I am a lie, a wicked lie.
On my sword.
I am sure it is true, my dear lord.
My Cordelia, the gods themselves are blaming such sacrifices.
I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
On the moon’s edge there is a huge drop.
What was the thing that sank on the cliff?
Upon the king!
On the platform between eleven and twelve, I will visit you.
I am right on the right.
Four times.
Four times.
At ten.
When I heard about the poisoning?
Have them.
I said that on this hint.
What bargain do you make for me?
What is the cause?
What sickness did you suffer?
You can win the laurel and be beaten up before your feet.
I will have to wait for them all night, and they will take care of you.
Do not ask me to do anything else, I will forget about myself.
Do not give me any respect or shame.
Tell us the situation and the times, and do not be afraid to make great decisions.
Use Desdemona well.
Use it to express my love rather than swear by it.
Use less energy, sweet chuck.
Use me as a sword—spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, and lose me.
Use me well.
Use them after your own honor and dignity.
Use your authority.
What do you think of me?
Do not let your gravity go into a gossip’s bowl.
I will give you the merits, and I will humiliate Caesar.
Varrus and Claudio!
God bless you, God bless you, God bless you!
Stop my nonsense!
Vent my nonsense?
Verona, I am leaving for a while to see my friends in Padua, including my best friend, Hortensio.
Summertime in Verona has not been such a beautiful flower.
Very brief and to be a little more reasonable than good sense.
It is very easy.
Very bad.
Very happy.
When good orators are out, they will spit.
Very good, my lord.
Very good!
Very good.
Very sick, too.
Very similar to a whale.
Many, men and women alike.
Very sweet and contagious, I am sure.
He is very vile in the morning, when he is sobering, and even in the afternoon when he is drunk.
Very well arranged.
I think it is very well done, very wise, very wise.
Very well, madam.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Very well,” “go to.”
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Do not ignore his ghost.
Do not ignore his prescience.
Our forces are mighty.
Let’s go to earth.
I am no one.
I say, I will knock me at this gate and rap me well, or I will knock your knave’s slap.
No, not for your life.
Villain, you denied the gold’s receipt and told me about a mistress and a dinner for which, I hope, you felt displeased.
Villain, you do not know the laws of God or of man.
You are a fool, you are lying.
A vile whore!
Villains, you did not do that, when your vile daggers hacked one another in Caesar’s sides.
Virtue is beauty, but evil is empty trunks oerflourished by the devil.
Virtue is not a hornmaker, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
Virtue turns to vice, and vice may be a mistake.
Virtue as a slander is only patched up with sin, and sin is only patched up with virtue.
Virtue?
I hope to those who haven’t read the story that I have told them to tell them, and I humbly ask them to admit the mistakes that cannot be made here.
Wear this ring.
I will not curse you by circumstance.
I am not allowed to acquit myself, but to be a woman.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Do not wake her up.
Wake up when some evil thing is near.
Warm up, oh my.
Yes, my servant is as true as steel.
Wasn’t it the way it was supposed to be?
Wasn’t it not to this purpose that you began to tell such a fine story?
Was he saving you?
Was it you who killed him so often?
Was there ever a book with such a vile subject that was so fair?
Was a man ever so rayed?
Was a man ever so beaten?
Was a man ever so tired?
Was there ever a match snuck up so suddenly?
Was a woman ever won this fight?
Was a woman ever wooed by this humor?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
Wasn’t he a companion with the riotous knights who are chasing my father?
Wasn’t he here?
Was I with you there for the goose?
Wasn’t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other?
Was it so late, friend, when you went to bed, that you were having a hard time sleeping?
Was Milan thrust out of Milan so that he could become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
I have never had a mother who suffered so much loss.
There has never been a widow who has so much to lose.
Didn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, speak to me?
Didn’t Count John sit here at supper?
Didn’t Cassio break from my wife?
Wasn’t that letter from Jessica?
Wasn’t this love true?
Was that the same thing as Cassius?
Was that my?
Was that my father who left here so fast?
Was the crown offered to him three times?
Did you drink hope when you were dressed yourself?
Was this ambition?
Was this before the king returned?
Was it a fair paper, this very good book, that meant to write a whore?
Are they treating his wounds with tears?
Wash your hands.
Was it born in the forest?
Was it ever in court, shepherd?
Was you mad that you answered me so madly?
Did you not be charged with peril? Why Dover? Let him answer that question.
Watch me like a pig.
I will give you the command tonight.
We all expect a nice answer, Jew.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar, and there is no blood in the spirit of men.
We are arrant knaves, all of whom are.
We are blessed by the change.
We are so sad that Rome has rid of him.
We are bound to the same.
We are still enough to smother the English in our throngs, if any order could be thought of.
We are for you.
We are friends.
We are glad the Dauphin is so friendly with us.
We are haunted.
We are in God’s hands, brother, not in theirs.
We are men, my liege.
We are not a tyrant, but a Christian king, whose passion is as subject to our own as our wretches are in our prisons.
We are ready, my lord.
We are sent to thank you for his vision, not pay you.
We are spoiled, and he is.
We are all dreaming about things, and our life is rounded up with sleep.
Kate, we are the makers of manners, and the freedom that lies between us stops all the slanders.
Brother, goodbye.
We are their parents and originals.
We are three of them.
We are two lions born in one day, and I am the older and more terrible.
We are gone, lady, we are gone.
We are very sorry for it.
We are still young in the matter of things.
We are, my lord.
We are strangers here, how do you trust someone who charges you so much?
We both have sex, and we can both end up getting soaked in the cold winter as well as he.
We came here crying.
We came here to fight with you.
We cannot all be masters, and we cannot be followed.
We cannot be here and there.
We cannot call her sighs and tears.
We cannot fight for love as men can.
We will charge you, in the name of the Prince, to stand.
We are not afraid of gurgy.
We kept our time, sir, in our catches.
We did, my lord, weeping and commenting on the sobbing deer.
We do not come here to contest you, but we do not want you.
We do not know.
We do not mean the snatchers, but we are afraid of the Scot, who has been a giddy neighbor to us.
We do, my lord.
We do not doubt it.
We have no doubt that every bump in the road has been removed.
We have no doubt that there will be a fair and lucky war, since God has brought this dangerous treason to light.
We will first speak to you, who, with this king, rivaled for our daughter.
We follow you.
We found him in the churchyard.
We would have our noses snapped off with two old men without teeth.
We had a much larger feast than that, which was worth noting.
We have a dinner to eat.
We have beaten him to his camp.
We have been praying for our husbands welfare, which, we hope, will make us better.
We have been searching for him all over the place.
We are glad that the matter is resolved so well.
We have agreed to all reasonable terms.
We have done our job.
We have been too far.
We have recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery ever found in the commonwealth.
We have kissed away all the kingdoms and provinces.
We have lost the best half of our affair.
I am afraid we have lost your son forever.
We have no friend except a friend, and we have the best outcome.
We do not have any such thing.
We have not made any preparations.
We have not spoken to anyone about torchbearers yet.
We have not yet set the day of triumph.
We have scorched the snake, not killed it.
We have seen the best of our time.
We have a store to store it, and they have earned it.
We have already sworn, my lord.
We have two hours to get ready.
In Egypt, we have used our throats.
We used to be conquering standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot.
We have willing men.
We have, sir.
We are here to help you.
We hope to make the sender blush at it.
We are not judged less.
We know each other’s faces, and for our hearts, he does not know more about mine than I do about yours
We know your charges, Brakenbury, and we will obey them.
We know what is going on with a watch.
We will learn from the confident tyrant who is still in Dunsinane and will fight us before it.
We will see you tomorrow.
We did not look for Mark Antony here.
We love him very much, and we will continue to give him our blessing.
We can as well send orders to the Leviathan to come ashore and get the troops to be seized.
We can do this for a while before daybreak.
We must be married, or we must live in a sane place.
We must be patient, but I cannot choose to think they should put him in the cold ground.
We have to bear everything.
We must give and take, my lord.
We have to die, Messala.
We have to do something, and it is time to get out of here.
We have to follow the leaders.
We have to have your hose and doublets plucked over your head and show the world what the bird has done to her own nest.
We have to go to the king.
We cannot displease him now.
We should not.
We have to wait.
We have to go out and talk to each other.
We have to stay away from the food of lovers until midnight.
We have to watch.
We have never valued this poor place in England and therefore, living here, we have given ourselves a barbarous license.
We are near his cell now.
We do not please them on land.
For your own sake, please embrace your own safety and give up.
We say that Shore’s wife has a pretty foot, cherry lip, a bonny eye, and a pleasing tongue.
We say the king is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen has been struck in years, fair and not jealous.
We see how unkind and mortal they are.
We see it and will say it.
We see the beginning of the day, but I think we will never see the end of it.
We will not be ready for this time.
We will be the more attractive.
We will bet you were letting me stay.
We will find a time, Audrey.
We will find him a wise man.
We will think about it more carefully.
We will get a rare letter from him, but you will not deliver it.
This man will tell us what we are talking about.
We will never be younger.
We would obey if she were ten times our mother.
We will, my liege.
We will do what you want us to, my lord.
We will, my lord.
We would like to see you in the council today, but we will take it tomorrow.
We would have met you on land and sea, bringing everyone on the stage with us.
We should give the dead the service of singing a song and resting to her so they can sing peace songs.
We do not speak of treason.
We are talking in the public room of men.
We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites. If we do not obey them, they will suck our breath or pinch us black and blue.
We thank your Honor.
We will forget the handwriting of our hands sooner than the birth of desert and merit, according to the importance and worthiness.
We do not think so, my lord.
We are married, but you two are sped.
We took him as a coward, but he is the devil incardinate.
We took this mattock and this sword from him, as he was coming from this side of the churchyard.
We two will sing like birds in a cage.
We will guard you while you rest and guard you.
We will wait on you, your Grace.
We will wait on you, your Grace.
We are going to spend our lights in vain, like daylight.
We were Christians before, and we could live as many as we could.
We will be married on Sunday.
We will be satisfied.
We will be our witnesses.
We will see his death.
We will go together.
We will walk a little in the orchard before dinner.
We will be ready at the time.
We will hurry.
We will watch more of this tomorrow.
We will not have any news.
We will write a prologue like this, and it will be written in eight and six.
We will hear Caesar’s will.
We will leave your father’s house soon.
We will be here.
We will meet, and we will be able to listen courageously and obscenely.
We will not fail.
We will do what we want.
We will try to convince him to put on better things before he goes to church.
We will not go any further in this direction.
We will not be spared for any wit, I promise you.
We will speak further.
We will do well yet.
We will climb up the mountain, fair queen, and listen to the hounds and hear them in conjunction.
We will, my noble lord.
We will.
We wish you peace.
Before we hear him, we would have to decide some important issues that would affect both us and France.
We want all these crimes to be cut off so quickly, and we express the fact that in our marchs through the country there is nothing forced out of the villages, nothing paid
We would not die in that man’s company, who fears he is in a relationship with us.
We would do that, and then we would go ashore.
We are ready to fall down at the height of this country.
We have put together one flower, sitting on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, and singing in one key.
We often commit our own harms, which the wise powers refuse to do for our good.
We will go with them and meet them at Philippi.
We will answer.
We will leave tonight, and we will be home a day before our husbands return.
We will be friends first.
We will beat them into a hole.
We will bring him to his house with shouts and clamors.
We will burn his body in the holy place, and with the brands we will burn the traitors houses.
We will burn Brutus’s house.
We will bury him, and then, what is brave, what is noble, let’s do it after the high Roman style and make death proud to take us.
We will cut the hair of the signior.
We will all go together.
We will feast each other if we are parting, and let’s draw lots of people who will start.
We will give them the opportunity to speak.
We will go along together, and if you have spent your youthful life, we will be able to get some decent pay.
We will go to supper in the morning.
We will do it tomorrow night.
We will have you snuck up on a couch that is softer and more sweet than the bed of lustful.
We will have you sprayed on a pole and underwrit, “May you see the tyrant.” I will not give up
We will play a play tomorrow.
We will hear what he says.
We will hear him. Noble Antony, go up.
We will hear it, Antony.
We will hear the will.
We will not have a great ado with a friend or two.
We will know everything about our situation.
We will take you there.
We will leave you, Brutus.
We will eat dinner again here.
We will mutiny.
We will never meet again, we will never see each other again.
We are not going to run, Monsieur Monster.
We will overreach the graybeard, Gremio, the narrow-prying father, Minola, the charming musician, and
We will revenge his death.
We will see if they will die first.
We will see our husbands before they even think of us.
We will send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he will say you are not well today.
We will send you to school to teach you that winter is not laboring.
We will begin the rituals with true delights, as soon as we will end.
We will speak to them, and tonight I will force them to drink the wine.
We will meet you at sea.
We will teach you to drink deep before you leave.
We will go to church tomorrow.
We will go to dinner.
We will go to the river.
We will visit Caliban, my slave who never gave us any kind answer.
We will wait for you, sir.
We will wait for you, sir.
We will whisper about a couple or two of most sage saws.
Weapons, weapons?
Wear both of them, because both are yours.
Ninety-one-night sleeps will dwindle, peak and pine.
Wednesday is tomorrow.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.
You are not a sanctuary to take him.
Welcome back from Mantua.
Welcome here.
Welcome here.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Welcome, ass.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Welcome, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, sir.
Welcome, then, you unsubstantial air that I embrace.
Welcome, wanderer.
Welcome.
I hope for a young man like that.
Welcome to the open air.
Farewell, gentlemen.
Good luck.
Well done, wench.
Well, go away.
Well, you have heard something hard about it.
Good, I am sure.
I know him well.
Good luck.
Well, you can woo and be happy to be your speed.
Good morning, we have got to meet again.
Good morning, Corporal Nym.
Good morning, gentleman.
Good morning, my lord.
Good-bye, good-bye, Master Antipholus.
Good luck, Lion!
Well praised!
Please, father.
Well roared, Lion!
Good run, Thisbe!
Well said, old mole!
That is correct.
That is correct.
Well, moon!
Well done!
Well then, confess and live.
Well then, go into hell?
Well then, I know you.
If I ever thank any man, I will thank you.
Well, then it seems you are getting my help.
Well, Legitimate Edgar, I have to have your land.
Please, gentle Catesby, and, as far as it was possible, you Lord Hastings would tell you how he is in the position of our troops
Have you ever thought about my speeches?
Well, then, keep me alive.
Well, then, take a good heart and be fooled into thinking you are a man.
Well, the peace you urged him to give him is the answer he gave him.
Well, that was Signior Benedick.
Good idea.
Good thought.
Well, I agree.
You were a good man.
Well, it is not true, my Lord High Constable.
Well, again.
Well, it is all right.
Well, that is all for me.
I would like to do that, because I see, four feasts are coming.
Time will tell.
Well, you guess?
Well, I will turn and have something lean to cut the hand out.
Well, that is true.
Well, Brutus, you are noble.
Well, I am not sure.
Well, what time is it?
Well, Catesby, if I am older, I will send some packing that does not think about it.
Come back tomorrow.
Come on, my Kate.
Well, daughter, and you ladies, all get out of here and get dressed.
Well, do it, and be brief.
Do whatever you want.
Farewell, my lord.
Well, for your sake, sir, thank God, and do not boast about it.
Well, go ahead.
Next Sunday, you will know that my daughter Katherina is going to be married.
Well, go away.
Well, girl, you are not crying for his death as much as for the life of the villain who killed him.
Well, go on your way.
Well, go on your way.
Well, go to, I will.
Well, then.
Well, God give them wisdom.
Well, God bless you.
Good night.
Well, happy to their sheets.
Well, heaven is at the top, and there are people to be saved.
Well, here is my comfort.
Well, honor is the subject of my story.
Well, I am glad everything works out so well.
Well, I am not fair, and therefore I beg the gods to make me honest.
Well, I am sorry for your niece.
Well, I cannot.
Well, I think so.
Well, I have done it.
Well, I do not know what the evil Fortune has on my face, but I will never let my heart cry.
Well, I do not say no.
Well, I will be a sinner, to be a double-dealer.
I will call Beatrice to you, who I think has legs.
Well, I will do it, even if I take you in the company of the king.
Well, I will forget the situation of my life so I can rejoice in yours.
Well, I will go, and I will give them to you as you have hurt me.
I will marry one day, but I will try it.
Well, I will go.
Well, I will do it.
Well, I wish you liked me.
Well, I will get my revenge.
Well, I will break in.
Well, I will end the song by saying, sirs, take care of the time.
Well, I will hide the body in some hole until the duke orders his burial.
Well, if you were only an inch better than me, where would you like it?
Well, you are missing out on that hit.
Well, Jessica, go inside.
Well, Jove, not me, is the one who does this, and he deserves a thank you.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with you tonight.
Well, keep me quiet for two years, and you will not know the sound of your own voice.
Well, let him go.
Well, let it be. What a shame, Malvolio!
Let it strike.
Well, that is what we are talking about.
Let them rest, Catesby.
Let’s go and tell the truth.
Well, look at it.
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, gentlemen, we hear our charge.
I hope you see what is going on there.
Well, then, what is that?
Well, my lord, I have to call you right away.
Well, my good fellows, please wait on me tonight.
Well, my good lord, I have told them so.
Well, my good lord, I will do it.
Well, my lord.
Well, officer, arrest him at my trial.
Well, old man, I will tell you news of your son.
Please be calm.
Well, let’s go.
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in the heart.
Well, praise the gods for your foulness. You can come here later.
Well, then.
Well, sir, I will tell you, because I am not idle.
Well, sir, get in.
Well, good night.
Well, thank you.
Well, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I will bring you to Lear’s house and leave you to attend him.
Well, sir, I do not know the gown is right for me.
Well, learn to scold me in good time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest woman.
Well, then, it will be dry.
Well, we will not, sir.
Well, sir?
Well, then.
Well, then.
Well, sit down and listen to Barnardo’s talk.
Well, let’s stand aside.
Well, Susan is with God.
Well, Syracusian, tell us in brief the reason why you left your native home and why you left for Ephesus.
Tell me what lady you have been to whom you made a pilgrimage, and that you promised to tell me today.
Well, that is the dowry of his wife, and it is not his own.
Well, that is the beginning that is dead and buried.
Well, then I will see you again.
Well, that is the reason for it.
Well, now think about marriage.
Well, you do the best.
Well, you have made me feel so wonderful.
Well, time is the time for the old justice to examine all offenders, and time is the time for the trial.
Well, we are alive.
Well, we will see you.
Welcome, my good friends.
Well, we were born to die.
Well, we will leave you until dinnertime.
Well, we will see it.
Well, well, let’s go.
Well, well, put your sword on your sword.
Well, you have a good father, child.
Well, well, we will grow up now.
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
Well, what is it?
Well, what was yours?
Well, what is the worst thing?
Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher.
Well, you are going both ways.
You are going to call all the pubs and ask those who are drunk to get them to sleep.
Well, you have made a simple choice.
You may be afraid to go too far.
Well, you are hurrying around with the hours.
Well, not long.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, that is correct.
Well, now come, Ariel!
Did he leave now?
If they did not get out of here quickly, I would die laughing.
You haven’t come to her for a purse of ducats?
If I kept my hands in my blood, they would displace and tear your flesh and bones.
If there were twenty of the greatest tributaries who recognize Caesar, would I find them so sour with the hand of her?
If he were not warmed up with ale, this would not be a place to sleep like this.
If I were a common joker, or if I were a bad joker, or if I were a bad joke, or if you
If I were in England now, as I was once, and I had only painted this fish, I would give a piece of silver.
If I were my father, cousin, would I do this?
Did it be good, do you think?
Isn’t it better to be taller than a man, since I am more than a common tall man, and that I would fit me all the way to
We have never lost orphans so much.
Did my doors lock up and I have shut out?
Did you even meet Countess Olivia?
Were things like this here?
If I were in the world, and I would give you the rest of my time to be translated.
If they were not forced to marry those who would be ours, we would have met them with courage, beard to beard, and beat them back.
If we were in front of our army, and I were fighting, I would fight it.
Weren’t we born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, I would let my tears fall on your cheek and say, “Three-welcome, Viola!” My father
Did you come here when it started?
Did you make the messenger?
If you were well served, you would be taught your duty.
You are as young as I am, Juliet, your love, you have only been married an hour ago, Tybalt was murdered, you have
Do you want to be banned from dying?
I would not take this hand from your throat until this other had pulled out your tongue for saying that.
What is “quality”?
What a blow!
What a blunt man this man has grown to be.
What a sneering man you are trying to deny you know me?
What a savage you keep here.
What a fearful night this is.
What a foolish duty do you call this?
What kind of life do you live in?
What a long night this is!
What kind of man are you?
What a night this is!
What a rotten savage this is!
What a sniny this is! I beg you to give him some blows and take his bottle from him.
What is the danger of killing her brother like this?
What a nice thing man is when he goes in his hat and hat and leaves off his wit.
What a sigh!
What a strange dread they have.
What an idiot I was to take this drunk man as a god and worship him as a dull fool.
What a wretched and ill-tempered fellow this king of England is to mop with his fat-headed followers so far beyond his knowledge.
What do you mean by Adam?
What an eye she has!
What do you think?
What is his message?
What are these faces?
Who are the actors?
What are they, please ask your ladyship?
What are you coming from?
What are you going to do then?
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
What are you who grumbled there in the straw?
What are you doing to keep me from the house I owe?
What are you, fellow?
What are you doing?
What kind of savage is he?
What beard would I use to play it in?
What beast did you think you were breaking this deal with?
What magician is threatening this fiend to stop charitable acts?
What kind of man is that bloody man?
What are the carriages?
What can be avoided if the gods want to end the battle?
What does he say in this?
What can’t I do?
What do you swear by now?
What else?
What cheer is that, my love?
What cheer?
What claim does she make to you?
What color, madam?
What time have I ever had in your company?
What have you done?
What company is this?
What color is she?
What are they worried about?
What is the conquest that brings him home?
What is Conrade?
What counterfeit did I give you?
What country is this, friends?
What countryman?
What foot is wandering this way tonight to cross my rituals of love and deceiving?
What day is this?
What devil are you who torture me like this?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did your song do, lady?
What did you do to make it happen?
What did you mean by giving me that handkerchief?
What did you like?
What do you think I am afraid of?
What do you see on you?
What do they do in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west?
What is the play called?
What are you doing alone?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean to dote on such luggage?
What are you talking about, my lord?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What do you see?
What do you think of going to Philippi now?
What do you think of me?
What do you think?
What does he say about Brutus?
What is the tyrant doing?
What does this mean, my lord?
What dogs are these?
What do you know about me?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you think?
What are you wearing in your best clothes?
What do you mean by this?
What does she say, my lord of Buckingham?
What drink do you often drink instead of sweet but poisonous flattery?
What early tongue is that sweet salute for me?
What effects, my lord?
What else is there?
What else?
What is the business, Popillius?
What is wrong with our eyes and ears?
What eye would spy on such a fight?
What features are there?
What is going on, my lord?
What fool is this?
What kind of play did we play that we came from here?
What friend?
What can you see from the cape at sea?
What further pains do you have to face against me?
What gentleman?
What good can do me good with the face of heaven?
What is going on, no matter.
What did he do to make him fly the land?
What did he do to you?
What handkerchief?
What is this harmony?
What have you done?
What have you found?
What are you going to do?
What did he say?
What has smashed them has given me fire.
What did I keep back from that?
What have you done with the dead body, my lord?
What have you done?
What have you, my friends, deserved from the money she sent you here to prison?
What he lost, noble Macbeth has won.
I have written to my sister about it.
I am not a fan of him, but I am trying to satisfy his fantasy.
What heir of York is there other than us?
Horatio!
Oh, the Emperor’s guard!
What horrible thing is this?
What hour is it?
I am as secret as a girl.
I will do what I can, and more than I would do for myself.
I would say it all to your suggestion, plot, and damned practice.
I do not know what to think of this, but I think that is true: there is no man so vain who would refuse such a fair offer.
What if a man brought him a hundred pounds to make a happy day?
What if I had said I saw him do you wrong?
What if I did not go any further but decided to go here?
What if it has come to you again?
What if I were a rat in my house and I would give ten thousand dollars to have it banned?
What if this mixture does not work at all?
What kind of thing will he do next?
What is wrong?
What infinite peace do king’s give up that private men enjoy?
What time is it?
What do you want?
What do you say?
What are you doing?
What do you say?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What did he say to you, Ophelia?
What is it?
What time is it?
What is a man who is devoted to his good-bye and his good-bye?
What is a traitor?
What is wrong?
What is the difference between you and you?
What has been decreed must be, and that is the way it is.
What is he at the gate, cousin?
What is the reason for a fool who is in a bad mood?
Who will buy his flock and his pasture?
What do you want, niece?
What is he, Biondello?
Who is her mother?
What is this?
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his land force?
What else is it?
What is she doing now?
What are you going to tell me?
What did you say?
What do you want?
What is it, my friends?
What is it?
What is my name?
What is my offense?
What is Pyramus?
What is she?
What is she?
What is that noise?
What is the course and the direction of your plan?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter?
What is the matter, husband?
What is the matter, lady?
What is the matter, masters?
What is the matter, my lord?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news?
What do Pythagoras think of wild bird?
What is the reason for this terrible summons?
What is the success?
What time is it?
What is the name of this castle, which stands by the ground?
What is this?
What is this man who looks like a king, and wears a crown on his babybrow?
What is this?
What is Thisbe?
What is your name, young man?
What is your name?
What is your name?
What is your news?
What is your soul of adoration?
What are you going to do with her?
What can I say to him?
What do you mean by gentleman?
What is your difference?
What is your name?
What is your fatherage?
What do you want, madam?
What do you want?
What are you thinking?
What will I do with this?
What are you going to do with me?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What is my nation?
I will tell you what it is, Caius, and how it will be done.
I cannot imagine what it means to put him apart from his own understanding.
What judgment should I do if I did not do anything wrong?
What kind of god are you, who suffers more than your worshippers do?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of woman is she?
What lawful quest did the judge give their verdict?
What less is the Prince’s doom than doomsday?
What life does that mean to be the death of this marriage?
What is his amendment likely?
What love could force me out of my side?
What do you mean by leaving home?
What makes him here?
What is the frontline on that?
What was the trouble between you and me?
What man are you, who stumbles on my advice, so be screened in the night?
What do you think it is worth?
Who is that?
Who is that?
What man was he talking to you for a night out at your window, between the hours of midnight and one?
What is your crocodile doing?
What kind of man are you?
What kind of man are you?
Many men want to learn more than the fond eye can teach.
What are you talking about?
What music, what music?
What can I call your name?
What can’t she do?
What are you talking about, Caesar?
What are you talking about, madam?
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean, you do not help me?
What do you mean by that?
What is that bloody knife?
What is this nonsense?
What is this lady?
What is this shouting?
What is your majesty?
What is your lordship doing?
Men do daily, not knowing what they do.
What men have you lost?
What men can do.
What mercy can you give him, Antonio?
What would it be like to see that this sneering rush makes the night work together with the day?
What could I do to send my sister’s letter to him?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What misadventure is that early in the morning that calls us out of our morning sleep?
What mistress, slave, are you?
What money, sir?
What must be will be.
What name is the fair lady?
What do you need?
What is the need for a bridge much larger than the need for flood?
What do you need to be twenty-five years old to be able to do what you want in a house where twice as many people have a duty?
What do you want to do when you can tell your story the closest way?
What did you need to sneeze into your pocket?
What are you waiting for?
What is the need for this, woman?
What is the news?
What news do the merchants have?
What news did Genoa have?
What is the news from her?
What news do you have?
What news do you have, sir?
What is going on, Borachio?
What news do you have, my lord?
What news, what news do you have in this stumbling state?
What is the news?
What is the news?
What is the news?
What is the news?
What is the news?
What is the news?
What is the news about this ruined forest?
What is this noise?
What is that noise?
What is that noise?
What is this noise?
What is this noise?
What is that noise?
What is that noise?
What is wrong with his spongy officers, who will be guilty of our great qull?
What is going on, Lucillius?
What about that?
What time will I send you tomorrow?
What about that?
What about that?
What about that?
What offense, sweet Beatrice?
What other debt do you have than those secret Romans who have spoken the word and will not be able to scold you?
What was the paper you were reading?
What is the passion that is sticking to my tongue?
What are they doing?
What a poor instrument can do a noble deed!
What prisoners of good nature are they taking?
I do not know what private grief they have, and what private grief they have caused them to do it.
What kind of wretch are you?
What is the promise, chuck?
What should I do about that?
What garment will your Honor wear today?
What kind of wickedness can he hold when he climbs down the hill with his fierce career?
What is going on?
What ring did you give me, my lord?
What did he say when he walked away?
What did he say?
What did my servant say when my soul was not at the wheel when we rode?
What did Northumberland say about Richmond?
What satisfaction can you expect tonight?
What do the snoring men say?
What do you have to say, sir?
What do you say to Falconbridge, the young baron of England?
What do you say to a nice foot?
What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard?
What do you say, Bottom?
What do you have to say, Hermia?
What do you have to say, uncle?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say, my beautiful flower de luce?
What do you have to say, noble heart?
What do you have to say now?
What do you say, Biondello?
What do you say?
What does he say about our marriage?
What does Lord Stanley say?
What do you have to say, my lord?
What does Polonius say?
What does Romeo say?
What does that fool say to you?
What does the golden chest say?
What does the silver say with her virgin hue?
What does this lead casket say?
What does your Highness say about my just request?
What do you say to him?
What do you say to me now?
What do you say, my dear Nurse?
What do you say?
What sense did she have in her lustful hours?
What serious contemplation are you taking?
What services can you do?
What should we do then?
What is going on in this world?
What should I call you when you are a man?
What should I do?
What should I do?
What do you think I know of you?
What should I say?
What should I swear by?
What else should we do?
What should we do, Enobarbus?
What is this?
What do you want to ask about me that I will deny, that honor, that you may give away after I asked me to give?
What can a man do only to be cheerful?
What is he going to do?
What should I do for you?
What should I do that I do not do?
What should I do with him?
What should I do?
What should I say to you?
What can I say, lady?
What should I say?
What should I do in this wild world?
What do you think about it?
What is the news that the shrieking is so loud in the country?
What should I do for fellows crawling between earth and heaven?
What is that?
What should the war do with these jigging fools?
What does this mean?
What do you want to say, my lord?
What are the sights, my lord?
What simple thief brags about his own achievement?
What soldiers, savage?
What soldiers, whey-face?
What is the speech, my lord?
What is she talking about?
What time did I have except Edward?
What time did we have except Clarence?
What does he owe the Jew?
What do you say about robbery?
What good year is it, my lord?
What then?
What then?
What are these things, my lord Antonio?
What do you think of the Scottish lord, his neighbor?
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
What do you think about it?
What do you think about it?
What do you think of Stanley?
What do you think, will our friends prove to be true?
What do you think?
What do you think of his opinion?
If you see it when you wake up, do it for your true love.
What you want to do is get your hand.
You would highly, that you would be holily, but you would not play falsely, and yet you would not win.
What if he loves your Hermia?
What if I am not as blessed as you are, so fortunate, but that I am miserable to love unloved?
What if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink make you angry?
What advice can you give me about my lord?
What to him from England?
The last thing that touches us will be done.
What trade, you scolded?
What traitor hears me and does not say “Amen?” England has been mad and scarred herself.
What Tranio did, I told him to do that.
What treasure, uncle?
What other lands do he have to escape from Rome?
What trumpet is that?
What is that trumpet?
What two crowns should they be?
What unaccustomed reason did she have here?
What villain touched his body, who stabbed him, not for justice?
What villain, madam?
What have they done this?
What is this warlike noise?
What conspired against Cassius?
What was the man you followed with your sword?
What was he sad or happy?
What did you tell me today that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick?
What obstacle did this happen?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise?
What was your cause?
What was your dream, my lord?
What attention do you need to be careful with your eyes and night?
We will do what we want, and do what we want.
What were his marks?
What should I say?
What were these things?
What value would you have if the King of Naples heard you?
What wicked and disgraceful glass did me wear to make me compare to Hermia’s spherical eyne?
What is going on in this world?
What will happen tonight if you escape the king?
What do you think I will do?
What will this do?
What have you done with it?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
What do you want to give me for the handkerchief?
What are you going to give us?
What are you going to do for her?
What are you going to do?
What do you want to tell her, Nurse?
What with a torch!
What woman, then?
What woman’s servant?
What is this wood in the woods?
What is going on here, Charmian?
What would my lord do, but he may not have, where Olivia might seem like a good friend?
What would I do, my lord?
What would I do, my lord?
What would my powerful master do?
What would she have?
What do you want?
What would you say to me now if I were your very, very Rosalind?
What do you want from her?
What do you want from me, my loyal neighbor?
What do you want, Desdemona?
What do you want?
What do you want, old man?
What do you want from me?
What do you want now?
What are you going to do with us?
What would you say about me if you were to praise me?
What do you want, fellow?
What do you want?
What wound did you heal by degrees?
What years are you sure?
What you have been charged with, that I have done.
I will consider what you have said, what you have to say, and find a time to meet and answer such high-ranking questions.
What you have said may be so perchanceous.
You know what you know, you know.
I will stay here to see what you want in your cave.
I am trying to figure out what you want me to do.
What, a feast, a feast?
What, a prisoner?
What, all my pretty chickens and their dams were swooping at one fell swoop?
What, you are all asleep so soon?
What, an advocate for an impostor?
My old Venetian friend Salerio?
What, and do you want to do that?
Are you and I still have friends?
Are the brothers separated?
Are there masks?
Are they children?
What, do we scold the kings if we deserve it?
Are you yet?
Are you busy?
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Are you crazy about why you do so?
Are you crazy?
Are you crazy?
Is it insane?
What, are you afraid of?
What, are you ashamed of me?
What, are you coming?
What, are you drawn to these heartless men?
Are you hurt?
Are you awake?
What, keep her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, uncovered slander, unmitigated rancor?
What, Brutus?
What is Curio?
What, dead, my dove?
Did Caesar swoon?
Did he marry me to famish me?
Did they ever whisper?
What, are you making us sneering?
What, do you scorn me for my gentle advice, and soothe the devil I warn you from?
What, drawn, and talk about peace?
What, for a counter?
What, snoring with false fire?
What, from myself?
What, girl?
Are you going to the Tower?
What, Grumio?
Have his daughters brought him to this?
Has this thing come back tonight?
Have you ever eaten at home?
Have you forgotten me?
Have you lost your wits?
Have you written that letter to my sister?
Hey, Brabantio!
Oh, what!
Oh, what!
What, you?
What, what is household stuff?
What, I say?
I will be jovial.
What, my lord?
What, what is the storm, what is the night?
What, in my eyes?
What, in our house?
What, in the middle of the street?
Is Antonio here?
Is Brutus sick, and will he steal out his healthy bed, to avoid the vile nightfall and tempt the rheumy air to rise.
Is he angry?
What, is he dead?
What, is he dead?
Is my beaver a little easier than it was?
What, is the fellow mad?
Is the jay more precious than the lark because his feathers are more beautiful?
What, is he a savage?
Is there such a place?
Is that true?
What, jealous Oberon?
What, keep away from me for a week?
What, lamb?
Lucius!
What a night of fun!
Oh, man, courage is still in place.
There are ways to get the general back.
What, man?
What have you read, master?
What should I do at Salisbury?
What, mistress?
What, should I come with twenty-five people, Regan?
What, must I hold a candle to my shames?
What, we should be cold in our mouths?
What, my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my lord?
What, my dear lord?
What, my lord?
What, my lord?
What, my worshipful, old master?
What, no more ceremony?
What, no more?
What, not a whore?
What, not a word?
What, not a word?
What, not one hit?
What, do you want to pray?
Nurse, I say what!
What, Octavia?
What, of death, is it that we have been longing for?
Pindarus!
What, please, man!
What, is the married woman you want to go to?
What, should I be told hours like if I did not know what to take and what to leave?
What, will I find you here?
What, should I groan and tell you?
Should I stab him while he sleeps?
If we are going to sell the space of our fingers with mighty bribes and sell the space of ours to sell, we will be tempted to snuck our fingers with
What, should we say this speech is just excuse?
What, should we go to the Tower?
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
What, sir, are you still sleeping?
What, what is that?
What, still in tears, evermore showering?
What, the necklace?
What, do you think we are Turks or kings?
What, you mean an officer?
What, are you tired?
What, you?
What, to kiss in private?
What, to disapproval?
What, up and down, carved like an apple tart?
Was I married to her in my dream?
We have many good days to go!
What, were you all snarling before I arrived, ready to catch each other by the throat and turn all your hatred on me now?
Good luck, good luck!
What?
What, will my daughter be a good musician?
What, will my mother come?
What, will you have them weep our horses blood?
What, will you murder me?
Will you suffer me?
What, will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at my inn?
What, will you go to my face, being forbidden?
Do you want to hear some music, my sweet love?
Do you want to wash him out of his grave with tears?
What, with Lysander?
What, with my tongue in your tail?
What, with the eyes?
What, with worms and flies?
What is worse and worse?
What, would you make me mad?
What, would you have a snake sting you twice?
What, would you have me go and beg for food?
You look merrily.
What, you mean my face?
What?
What?
What?
What is a drunk like, fool?
What is Antony?
What has been done is done.
What else do you have to say?
Who is going out the door now?
Who is talking about Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
Who was born from a woman?
Who wants that?
What is he?
What is he?
What is her name?
What is this?
What is his fault?
What is his offense?
What is she?
What is that good for?
What is that to you?
What is that, please?
What is that, my lord?
What is that?
What is that?
What is the name of the boy?
What disease is he talking about?
What is the matter here?
What is the matter that you want to do with your reputation and make your opinion of a nightbrawler?
What is the matter with you now?
What is the matter, dear?
What is the matter, lieutenant?
What is the matter, do you think?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the news with you?
What is the news?
What is the noise?
What is the bet?
What is the reason for this?
What is this to my Lysander?
What is this?
What is this?
What is your name?
What is your passion?
What do you want?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on?
What do you want to do for your goodness?
What do you want?
What pleasure do you have for your highness?
What is your name, friend?
What is your name?
What do you want, sir?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
Thank you for your advice.
What I am saying is a soldier’s kiss.
When the god is asleep, he will rob his bottle.
When it was a little bit of a prating thing, there was a nobleman in town, one man named Paris, who would fain a knife on the ship, but she had
When a wise man gives you better advice than me, give me my advice again.
When everything is done, you will only look on a stool.
I will tell you what happened, when and where we met, how we wooed, and how we exchanged vows.
When are you getting married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets in the sky.
When you are not at your house to find out, the Senate has sent three different searchers to find you.
When Biondello comes, he will be waiting on you, but I will be begging him to speak the first time.
When Caesar lived, he would not have moved me like this.
When Caesar says “do this,” it is done.
When did you get this?
When is that another?
When could they say that he lived in Rome, that only one man was involved in his long journeys?
When devils are making their sins even worse, they will make their own appearances at the first glance.
When did I see you put down so badly?
When did she send you?
When did you sleep when you did such a deed?
When one or two men are in their hands, and they are not washable enough to do it, it is a bad thing.
When did I hurt you?
When he returned to himself, he said, if he had done anything wrong, he wanted their worships to think it was his illness.
When he is best, he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast.
When he is gone, I would like to speak with you.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak to him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When devoutly religious men are at their beads, it is much easier to draw them away from them.
When I am alone, you are your master Lucentio.
When I am known as a good man, you will not regret letting me know this.
When I returned, because this was brief, I found them close together at blow and thrust, even as you were once again.
When I come where he is calling, he is gone.
When I asked them to take my house away from me, they took my house away, and I was charged with a lot of pain because they did not want to speak of him
When I freed you, you will not do this when I swore I had a bad luck on you.
When I say “thank you,” praise him more than any man deserves.
When I have sucked your rose, I cannot give it a thriving growth back again.
When I know the gentleman, I will tell him what you have said.
When I like your favor, because God defends the lute should be like that.
When I presented Ceres, I thought I would tell you about it, but I feared I would be angry.
When I said that, I was too angry.
When I think about it, I have to say something.
When I told you my state was nothing, I would have told you that I was worse than nothing, since I have actually engaged myself to a dear friend and
When I was there, I heard him swear to Tubal and Chus, his countrymen, that Antonio would rather have his flesh than twenty times more
When I wore it at your daughter’s wedding?
When it came to pass, Titania woke up and immediately fell in love with her.
When is the day of the king?
When it comes to you, you should always be happy.
When it comes to the fool or the coward.
When it is lighted, come and call me here.
When it is paid, it will be paid according to the tenor.
When it is paid, bring your friend along.
Jacob, who was the third possessor of the Abram family, was the one who inherited Jacob’s uncle Laban’s sheep when he was grazed.
When I was last in Exeter, the mayor showed me the castle and called it Rougemont, which I started to name.
When my tongue blabs, I will not see you.
When Nature makes a beautiful creature, can’t Fortune make her fall into the fire?
When we are not doing anything, our fears make us traitors.
When Prospero is destroyed.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome, the actors are coming.
When did you see my father last time?
When will he come?
When will we get to the top of that hill?
When will we meet again?
When did I say that?
When the poor cried, Caesar wept.
When that is over, he will drink a naughty brine.
When the butt is out, we will drink water.
When the mind is free, the body is delicate.
When the moon sank, we did not see the candle.
When the wind goes south, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
When these noblemen meet, they do not say, These are their reasons.
When they are gone, I have to count my gains.
When they are in danger, I will recover them.
When they choose, they have the wisdom to lose.
When they see Caesar’s face, they are gone.
When they do not give a must to a lame beggar, they will have to pay ten dollars to see a dead Indian.
When do you think the sword is going up again?
When I give this advice and give it to you, will you think about the way to win the Moor again?
When this is done, weep for having worn you.
When you ask me to give you my blessing, I will kneel down and ask you to forgive me.
When you were once beaten from Modena, where you slew Hirtius and Pansa, consuls, followed by hunger at your heel, which you fought against.
When you wake up, if she comes, go ahead and ask for help.
When the time comes, let the herald cry, and I will be back.
When a man is a good man, he eats the sword it tries to fight with.
When was she last walking?
When we are born, we cry that we are coming to this stage of great fools.
When we have tied our rackets to these balls, we will play a set in France, God’s decree, that will strike his father
When we see our betters bear our sorrow, we do not think our misfortunes are our foes.
When we meet at compt, this look of yours will take my soul out of heaven and fiends will take it.
When did it go there by an age, since the great flood, but it was famous with more than one man?
When were you going to be so full of songs?
When were you using my sister like that?
When will he be here?
When you are gentle, you will have one too.
When you have said something, enter that ring.
When you are playing the thieves for wives, I will watch as long as you want.
When you were asked to stay, it was time for words.
When you get to see leeks later, you can mock them.
When was there ever so much and so little loss on the one and the other part?
When?
Where are you, sir?
When did you come, sir?
When are you coming?
When is that knocking?
Where am I?
Where are America, the Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the vile men who are starting this fight?
Where are these hearts?
Where are they?
Where are your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where are you, Death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, Demetrius?
Where are the sacred streams that you should be filled with sorrowful water?
Where are these bloody thieves?
Where are these knaves?
Where are your brothers?
Where are your tenants and followers?
Where did I leave?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where did she die?
Where do I live?
Where do you live?
Where are you hiding your head?
Where are you, young man?
Where is Cesario going?
Where did you look like a goose?
Where did he drink?
Where have you been, my heart?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have I been?
Where have you hid yourself?
Where are you?
Wherever he is, he brings all his hearts against us.
I have come to see great servants who have said they would greet me with warm welcomes, where I saw them shiver and look pale, make periods in middle sentences, and throttle
I have learned to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and to your begests.
Where is Antony?
Where is Duncan’s body?
Where are the gentle Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he going?
Where is he now?
Where is he now?
Where is he sleeping?
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia?
Where is Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is my lady?
Where is Gloucester?
Where is my lord, the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my lord?
Where is my love?
Where is my love?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our usual manager of sexuality?
Where is she now? What, will these hands be empty?
Where is she?
Where is that damned villain Tranio, who was confronted and braved me in this matter?
Where is that sailor?
Where is the king of Denmark?
Where is the evidence that accuses me?
Where is the man?
Where is the foolish king I sent before?
Where is the gold I gave you?
Where is the horse who tried to scold him again with the unbated fire he pushed them first?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of English dead?
Where is the rotten cook?
Where are the thousand marks you got from me?
Where is the villain, Edmund?
Where is this rash and unfortunate man?
Where is this sight?
Where is your husband now?
Where is your instrument?
Where are your leather apron and your rule?
Where is your luster now?
Where is your master, Dromio?
Where is your power to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is your servant?
Where are your sister and Hortensio’s wife?
Where it seems to you that you are the best royal.
Where did you learn this, Fool?
Where did we leave?
Where is he?
Where is your message?
Where is he sleeping?
Where can we put our horses?
Where is he still?
Where are you running so fast?
Where should we eat?
Where should we go?
Where will we meet in the morning?
Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where should Othello go?
Where should she be?
Where should they be set and other things?
Where souls sleep on flowers, we will walk hand in hand and with our slick port, we will see the ghosts.
Where does he want to learn our language?
Where should Romeo be?
Where is the house?
Where they feared the death, they escaped their lives, and where they would be safe, they perish.
The air is delicate, I have seen.
Whereas the virtue is, these are more virtuous.
Where was she born?
Wherever we go, men’s smiles are filled with daggers.
Wherever we lay, our chimneys were blown down and, as they say, heard in the air, strange screams of death, and
Where will the old duke live?
Where will you lead me?
I will find everything in the pine trees.
Where, my lord?
Where is his body, Messala?
Where, where?
Where?
Where is Antonio?
Where is Antony?
Where is Dolabella to second Proculeius?
Where is Monsieur Cobweb?
Where is Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where is my cousin Toby?
Where is my fool?
Where is my king, my fool?
Where is my son Edmund?
Where is Peaseblossom?
Where is Potpan, that he does not help take away?
Where is Publius?
Where is Romeo?
Where is the satisfaction?
Where is Seleucus?
Where is that savage?
Where is the cook?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master?
Where is the Queen?
Where is your conscience now?
Where is your drum?
Where is your father?
He is grieving that Fortinbras was arrested, given his sickness, his age, and his impotence.
Where is a story hanging, sir?
Why are these things hiding?
Why are you Romeo?
Why did they not destroy us at that time?
Why did you do that?
Why are you coming?
Why are these gifts a curtain on them?
Why?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you so happy?
Why are you sinking?
Why does he speak to her that he hates?
Why are you so angry?
Why are you looking so gloomy?
Why are you going here?
Why Dover?
Why Dover?
Why did that cry?
Why do you cry?
Why are you crying?
Why, bold man, are you a traitor?
Why, sweetheart?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why are you making this noise?
Where has Caesar deserved your love?
The toged consuls can make a plan as masterly as he does.
Where we sat quietly in your arms, he used his ponderous and marble jaws to cast you back up.
Where did he go?
Where did I offend you, my friends?
Wherever I am going, please do this for me, and I will leave you alone a little.
In Norway, overcome with joy.
I do not know whether he was a king of Norway or a rebel of Norway, or if he fought both sides in the wrack of his country
I will not swear if this is true or not.
Which of them are?
If you do not know what you are saying, you will be able to consider what you are worth embracing.
Which dreams are ambition?
Which other way would be a shame?
He will put on us as pigeons feed their young.
I think it is a fool or a cipher.
Which in his most precious need will flee from him.
Which one of you killed the deer?
Which one?
Which one is Sebastian?
Which one of you is that?
Which woman should I marry?
Which one of you is the villain?
Which one will I take?
Which one is he?
Which of these sorrows is he suffering?
Which of you does not tremble with me?
Which of you two had dinner with me today?
Which of you would not want to live if two murderers as you came to you, and you would not want to be a prince’s son?
She will buy her with a long-lasting war.
He gave it soon, because he was a bloated man between his lust and his lust.
They will make you obey the laws of Rome.
Which route did you follow?
Which way did he kill Mercutio?
When I saw the rehearse, I must confess, I made my eyes water, but more merry tears never shed the light of loud laughter.
While I say good things, I will hood my eyes with my hat and sigh and say good things.
While he was still in Rome, he was out of control, as if he had tricked all spies.
A man who is hurrying might tell a hundred.
While the armowed hand is fighting abroad, the advised head defends itself at home.
Until then, God be with you.
While we are here, a royal battle might be won and lost.
While we were fighting, we fought on both sides, until the Prince came, who parted either of them.
I am afraid he is alive.
While we were waiting here to protect yourself, we heard a loud bellowing like bulls, or lions.
While he stood up and spoke, he was my master, and I wore my life to wear his hats.
While you were here, you were overwhelmed with grief.
Whip him up, fellows, until you see him cringe his face and whine for mercy.
Whip him.
Whip me with such honest snaves.
Whip me, your devils, from taking possession of this heavenly sight.
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula walk in the orchard, and our entire conversation is about her.
What is he doing there?
Where am I going?
Where are they going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Before you arrived here, Old Siward, with ten thousand men who were fighting, was already at a point.
Where is he going?
Where should I go?
Where should they come?
Where are you going?
Where will you go to answer this question?
Where are you, my lord?
Where?
Who is alone, who is the most vulnerable?
Who am I, sir?
Who has time with him?
Who are the commissioners who have been appointed?
Who are they?
Who are you?
Who gave my letter to Romeo?
Who asked you to call me?
Who brought it?
Who brought it?
Who wants to look good lives like a drunken sailor sitting on a mast, ready to tumble down into the deep.
Who is that calling so loud?
Who is calling me?
Who is calling me?
Who is calling me?
Who can arraign me for it?
Who can be wise, angry, angry, loyal, and neutral in a moment?
Who can blot that name with a just reproach?
Who can say I mean her when such a neighbor is?
Who can control his fate?
Who can impress the forest and ask the tree to remove its earth-bound roots?
Who cant imagine how horrid it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
Who chooses me must give everything he has.
Who chooses me must give and risk all he has.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.
Who will be a sane man and be honorable without a stamp of honor?
I will assume I am deserted. Give me a key for this, and instantly get my fortunes back.
Who chooses me will have as much as he deserves.
Who is this?
Who is this?
Who is this?
Who is this?
Who is this?
Who is that fast approaching in the silence of night?
Who is coming with her?
Who is coming with him?
Who could be out, being in front of his beloved mistress?
Who could be able to keep a man who loves people who love people and who loves them?
Who is dead?
Who hit the light?
Who is cheating on you?
Who did you wrong?
Who is he accusing?
Who does more in war than his captain can become his captain?
Who does this mean?
Who is he talking about?
Who else should I be?
Who ever knew the heavens were dangerous?
Who is that going there?
Who is the ruler here?
Who did this, Sir Andrew?
Who left behind him general?
Who has caused them such a war?
Who measured the ground?
Who has saved you?
Who sent you now?
Who heard me say I am wrong?
Who is stopping my expedition?
Who is calling me?
Who can tell me?
Who is crying?
Who is behind you?
Who are you talking about?
Who is the ruler of his country?
Who is here so far that he wants to be a servant?
Who here is so rude that he does not want to be a Roman?
Who here is so vile that he will not love his country?
Who is calling me?
Who can tell me who I am?
Who says to the king that I do not love them?
Who is it?
Who is the most inward with the noble duke?
Who is next?
Who is so grotesque that he cannot see this prank?
Who is calling so cold?
Who is the one who keeps her?
Who is knocking so hard?
Who knows he is?
Who knows if Donalbain is with his brother?
Who does not know he is dead?
Who does not know that the noble Duke is dead?
Who does not know that?
Who knows where a wasp wears his stinger?
Who knows what the Lord Protector thinks?
Who is in the second chamber?
Who holds them?
Who is this?
Who must hang them?
Who owes the price of his dear blood now?
Who is waiting for him?
Who offered him the crown?
Who comes from a feast with the same appetite he had when he was sitting down?
Who saw Cesario?
Who sent you here?
Who are you?
Who will stop me from them?
Who should start?
Who will stay with you?
Who is still waiting for it?
Who steals my money steals trash.
Who stocked my servant?
Who sued me for him?
Who is talking about my nation?
Who is there talking?
Who will blame him for recoiling and starting, when he condemns himself for all that is inside him?
Who was there?
Who was it?
Who was last with them?
Who will accompany me?
Who would be jealous of such a man?
Who would be tempted to grunt and sweat after a long life?
Who would not have his wife like that?
Who do you want?
Who is wrong with him?
I might say “element,” but the word is overused.
Who is that?
Who is the Hero?
Who, my lord?
Who, I?
Who is already angry with his lustful spirit will give good thoughts to him.
Who is Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Who?
Who?
Whoever is born that day when I forget to send Antony will die as a beggar.
Who is gone this morning?
Who is this?
Who is his lieutenant?
Who is the one who rings the bell?
Who is that?
Who is there, out of the rain?
Who is there, in the name of the other devil?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is there?
Who is inside?
If he is the one who has killed your daughter and robbed you of her, you will read the law book in the bitter letter, after you know what we were talking about.
If you are the man who once had a wife called Emilia, who had two beautiful sons.
Who should I knock on?
Whom you swore you would cherish and defend.
Whoever hand gave their tender hearts so quickly, your head, all indirectly, gave them direction.
Whose house is it?
What noise is this that causes murder?
Whose tongue?
Why, with some little syllable?
Why are you speaking with this ridiculously boldness before my lady?
Why are our bodies so soft and weak and smooth, so unsuitable in the world, that our fragile conditions and our hearts should be aligned with our external parts?
Why are you getting drawn?
Why are you getting so rude?
Why are you still with me?
Why are you so virtuous?
Why are you angry?
Why are you coming from the farthest part of India?
Why are you asking this?
Why are you asking?
Why are you calling me love?
Why did I come here to do that?
Why did not the slave come back to me when I called him?
Why are you coming?
Why did he do that?
Why did you bring these daggers out of the place?
Why did you laugh when I said that man does not delight me?
Why did you cry out in your sleep?
Why did you do that?
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why are they running away?
Why are we talking about the gentleman?
Why are you crossing me in this sane situation?
Why do you wear me in borrowed robes?
Why are you so sick of them?
Why do you make such faces?
Why are you sending so much?
Why are you talking so faintly?
Why are you talking so rashly and scolding?
Why are you talking to me?
Why do you say too much, “Why do you blame me for love you?”
Why are you staying so long, my lords of France?
Why is the world reporting that Kate is limping?
Why are you asking?
Why are you calling him a king?
Why are you cheating on that whore?
Why are you leading these men around the streets?
Why are you going to church in a galliard and coming home in a coranto?
Why are you spitting at me?
Why are you waiting?
Why are you using me like this?
Why are you so angry?
Why aren’t our eyes sink?
Why is the Jew paused?
Why were you always beautiful in my eyes?
Why are the branches growing when the root is gone?
Why would’t I have smirked at a beggar’s issue at my gates, who smirked so carefully, and was mired in a famy?
Why did I have one?
Why have you sung me to this green green?
Why have you left the room?
Why have you stolen us like this?
Why is he more than one?
I do not know why I should be afraid, since I do not know what guilt I am guilty of.
Why did you leave your wife and child with those precious gifts, those strong bonds of love?
Why is my lord angry about his love?
Why is this “impawned”?
Why are you saying that?
Why is time so abundant in hair?
Why is your cheek so pale?
Why should it strike?
Why are you so pale?
Why are you looking at me like this?
Why are you so sane today?
Why can’t imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander until he finds it stopping a bunghole?
Why wouldn’t you be able to attend from those who she calls servants, or from mine?
No, boy.
No, no more than reason.
Why not, my lord?
Why did you think about it, Iago?
Why are you going to self-assess and not answering me?
Why are you scolding about your birth, the heavens, and the earth?
Romeo, are you crazy?
Why are you looking for me?
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should he call her a whore?
Why should he follow him?
Why should he not?
Why should he stay, whom love wants to go?
Why should I not?
Why should we not be there in person?
Why should she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be sounded more than yours?
Why should the poor be flattered?
Why should their freedom be more than ours?
Why should Titania cross her Oberon?
Why are you going to fall into such a deep hole?
Why do you think I am wooing so badly?
Why is that cauldron sinking?
Why are you asking me to write that letter so seriously?
Why so many times, so many times, so many times, I am a man again.
Why?
Why are they so busy?
It will go away again.
Why did you come between us?
Why did the king of France suddenly go back home to know you are wrong?
Why you wrong is a wrong in the world, and having the world to do your work is a wrong in your own world.
I think Cassio is an honest man.
Well, it is good to be a post.
Why should I put up that womanly defense to say I have done nothing wrong?
Well, can one do too much of a good thing?
Well, God forgive me.
Well, then God’s soldier will be him.
Well then, good night.
Well, then he is alive.
So lead on.
Let’s fall in love with him.
Well then, Margaret, Ursula, and my cousin are wrong, because they swear you did.
Tell me whether or not you want to.
Then the beef should be sown and the mustard is sown.
Then the devil will give him good advice.
Well then, the mustard without the beef.
Well then, you have it.
Well, then, it is the same: you have to prepare your sleeve for his knife.
Well then, you silver treasure house.
Well then, we are awake.
Well, then, you are in love.
Well, your ambition makes it one of them.
Well, your other senses get irritated by your eyes.
Well, your uncle and Claudio have been tricked.
Why, loss upon loss!
Why will my lord do that?
Why are you going to bring her up, Signior Baptista, for this sin of hell and make her bear the same tongue?
Why are the leaves that want their sap?
Why would you be so much like beating the bonny prizer of the humorous duke?
After I cut the egg in half and eat it, the two sides of the egg are ruined.
Why?
Why am I not right, old Jephthah?
It is a cockle shell or a walnut shell, a knack, a toy, a trick, a baby’s cap.
It is good to be sad and say nothing.
It is not possible.
Why, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.”
What a horse!
Why, all our ranks are broken.
All these are in the moon.
I am sure I can go too.
Antony.
No, nothing.
Why are you crazy, old fellow?
I am a woodcock to my own spring.
I told you that he is a habit of sleeping in the afternoon.
She is at her father’s house.
Yes.
Why, because he was insane.
Why, Belman is as good as he is, my lord.
Hey, bride!
Many men have more hair than wit.
You are still well enough now.
Why, by making him unlucky of Othello’s place, knocking out his brains.
Why do courtiers hands sweat?
Why, doesn’t every thing on earth cry shame on her?
Why, Dromio?
Every day, tomorrow.
Farewell, King.
Farewell.
Farewell, Portia.
Why, fool?
Well, for that too.
Well, for that too.
Friends, you do not know what you are doing.
You will not see anything like that, sweetheart.
Go!
Give it to my wife and get your money.
I would like to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Go to bed and sleep.
Well, then.
God will send more people if he is thankful.
Why, good sir?
He drinks you with a sour drink, your Dane is dead drunk, and he does not sweat to overthrow your Almain.
He did not have any.
Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.
He is the Prince’s fool, a very dull fool, and his gift is to create impossible problems.
Why, he will never wake up until Judgment Day.
Why, the man who cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death.
He was greeted by the waves, singing loudly, crowned with weeds and fumiters, with burdocks, hemlocks, nettles, and cuckoo.
Why, he is a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Why, the king’s freedom is slashed with sorrow.
Here is his morning story.
Here he comes, swelling like a turkey.
Here is the fashion statement to prove it.
There is no crab-apple here, so do not look sour.
Why, horns, which you are faking to behold to your wives.
What is going on, Adam?
What is going on, Charmian?
Why are you so sad?
What is going on, cousin?
What is going on, daughter Katherine?
What is going on, Dromio?
Hecate!
What is going on, Juliet?
What is going on, Kate?
What is going on, monsieur?
How are you, Stephano?
What is going on?
Why, how should she be murdered?
Well, I am glad about that.
I am sorry, gentle Silvius.
If he loses his flesh, you will not take it.
I can buy twenty books at any market.
I have not eaten yet.
Is “pig” not great?
Why, please?
I did not say anything.
I think so.
Well, then, I will see you at Philippi.
I think she is too low for a high praise, too brown for a good praise, and too little for a great praise.
If you never attended a court, you never saw good manners.
If two gods could play some heavenly game and put on the bet two earthly women, one of them Portia, there must be something else to do with the other
Well, right away.
Isn’t it news that Petruchio is coming?
Why isn’t this better than groaning for love?
It is as transparent as a barricadoes, and the cliffs toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony.
Well, she stood by her.
Why do you know any harm is going on for him?
Why, lady?
Let her go before she is gone.
Look, how you storm!
Love, I say.
Why have I offered my love to be so slanderous in this royal presence?
If I were your father’s dog, you would not use me like this.
He is a bit like a Colossus, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep around to find our honorable graves.
He is a very devil.
Well, I saw Bassanio sail on board.
They made love for this job, man.
What is the matter, man?
Why, man?
Why, man?
Why, can I ask?
My master, my lord, I am sure he is insane.
Why, my boy?
Why, my young cousin?
No, sir.
No.
I see you have a better opinion than ever.
She can marry us now as quickly as she can.
Now, blow the wind, swell the billow, and swim the bark.
Someone who swears and lies.
Why the nobles were committed is not my fault, my noble lord.
Why, our troops triple that.
You are right, you are right.
Rosalind!
Why, don’t you see me?
Why should we turn to men?
She is not borrowing anything from them.
She is a falsely accused of being a Christian.
She has a face like hers.
She is inside.
Why, she was dead when you were born.
She would hang on to him, just like if he had grown up by what it fed on.
You are a carpenter, sir.
Why, sir, cobble.
Why, sir, give the gods a sacrifice of gratitude.
Why, sir, he is not coming.
Why, sir, her name is a word, and to snuff that word might make her feel a bit sane.
I told you an hour ago that the fellow’s bark is distracting, and so am I, and here we are.
Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.
I hope I have the right to speak, and I will.
What is the news about that?
You do not know any house, no such maid, no such men as you have guessed, as Stephen Sly and old John Naps of Greece, Peter Turph and Henry Pimpernell.
You know that this is your wedding day.
Why did you do that?
He will do that when he takes you from this earths throne to heaven.
I did, but I did not want a reply.
Well, I did.
I do.
Well, that is true.
Well, that is true.
Why, stay and hear me speak.
Love is going to be a big deal.
Oh, Othello, I have not deserved this.
Isn’t this my Cambio?
He did it. I do not know.
That is nothing.
That pale, hard-hearted woman, Rosaline, Torture him so much that he will run insane.
Why, that the Moor gave to Desdemona, something you asked me to steal so often.
That was him.
That is a slander.
That is all one thing.
That is my dainty Ariel.
That is what has been said.
That is the way to fool their preparations and conquer their absurd intentions.
The end is he has lost a ship.
The enemy is loud.
The honest men.
I could as well be brought to kneel on his throne and, squirtly, beg to keep a base life.
The night has passed.
Well, then it is time to put on a sword and give the direction.
Well, then, I am going to be my body’s doomsday.
Well, then he will say we stabbed him in his sleep.
Well, then let’s go home again.
Well, then Desdemona and Othello return to Venice.
Why can’t you break her to the lute?
Well, then you have to.
Well, then, it is not good for you, because there is nothing good or bad to it, but it is thought that makes it so.
So, build me your fortunes on my bravery.
Well, then, I do not care about you.
Let them go alone until they are sober.
Well, then some people are laughing, like he is.
Do not take note of him, but let him go and call the rest of the watch together.
Why, then, do I not serve you as Rosalind?
Well then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
So we kill all our women.
Well, then!
There was a crown that was offered to him, and when he offered it to him, he put it on the back of his hand, so the people fell asleep.
Oh, there, there, there, there!
There is more gold left.
There is no cure.
I am very cold.
Why, this man has banished two of his daughters and given the third a blessing against his will.
This is a more exquisite song than the other.
This is a fake rascal.
Well, that is what is clearly evident to any formal level.
That is excellent.
This is not a good idea, it is like I would wear your gloves, or eat nutritious food, or keep you warm.
This is not Lear.
This is when men are ruled by women.
Why, I am talking about this.
This was made from a porridge bowl.
That would make a man drink a lot of salt, use his eyes to make garden water-pots, and even lay the dust in the autumn.
It is a big deal for Grumio and you, your noble, trusty, pleasant servant.
You were a hairy man, who was a fool.
You have put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him, he will run crazy.
Why, you sneering sheep, what Epidamnum ship is waiting for me?
You say that is true.
Well, you are right.
Why, you silly gentleman!
Why are you so sane?
You are a foot, and I am so long.
Why, to keep his eyes on either side of the nose so that he does not have to smell anything, and can’t spy on it.
Why, put your head in, and not give it away to his daughters.
Yes, he is going to make you a puppet.
It is a shame, uncle.
Well then, very well.
We are still sane about our ewes, and their feathers, you know, are greasy.
We have galls, and even though we have some grace, we have some revenge.
Well, we will make him crazy.
Well, well.
What a king this is!
What a horrible fellow you are, to be a man who does not know you or knows you.
What an ass I am!
What an intricate crime this is!
What are you doing?
What do you want to say, boy?
What did I do?
What effects of passion are she showing?
What else?
What do you call this devil’s name?
What is that to you?
What is Tybalt?
What are you doing here?
Why, what is the fear?
What do you want to fear?
What do you want?
What are you going to do before I go?
What do you want?
What is a moveable thing?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
Why, why do you ask for this?
Where will we go?
Why, why, Adam, would you want me to go?
Who would not make her husband a king to make him king?
Why, who is it?
Why is this?
Why wouldn’t you?
Why would that have ruined my hair?
You did not give me any gold.
You have not heard anything like that yet.
You speak like an ancient watchman, because I cannot see how a sleeping person would offend me.
You are telling the truth.
Why were you with him?
Your lieutenant, Cassio?
Why?
Why?
Why?
You were a Widow Dido?
Wife, children, servants, everything that could be found.
Wife!
Will you like what is here?
Will your highness come to me?
Will your Honor enjoy these beautiful things?
Will you be a good man to wash hands?
Will Caesar speak?
Will either of you challenge him?
Will he bring his army?
Will he tell us what this show meant?
Will it ever be like that?
Will it eat me?
Will it be bending and bending?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Willn’t we see that when we have blooded those two men in his own chamber and used their daggers to do it?
Will it be?
Will money buy them?
Will he?
Willn’t King Richard let me speak with him?
Will the ladies be sneering by the lion?
Willn’t the mayor and his brethren come then?
Will she go to bed now?
Will they say that if they grow up to a common audience (as it is most likely that their means aren’t better), their writers will do them wrong to claim
Will they not sing the same thing as you can?
Will you be married, scold?
Will you be patient?
Will you come here?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Will you deny me now?
Will you be dining with me tomorrow?
Will you send us here under this tree, or will we go with you to your chapel?
Will you force me to a world full of care?
Will you give her a new one?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or will I?
Will you come to hear this news, sir?
Will you go hunting?
Will you go see the course?
Will you go to them?
Will you come with me?
Will you go, cousin?
Will you go, sister?
Will you come?
Will you come?
Will you grant that Ferdinand was drowned?
Will you have her?
Will you have me, lady?
Will you have some more sauce to eat?
Will you hear it again?
Will you hear me, Roderigo?
Will you hear the letter?
Will you help me?
Will you sail?
Will you know them?
Will you lead, lords?
Will you let it fall?
Do you mock an ancient tradition that began with honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of courage?
Don’t you tell me who told you that?
Will you play this pipe?
Will you please me?
Will you pull your sword out of his ear?
Will you shog off?
Will you speak well of the man who killed your cousin?
Will you stay for a while?
Will you go there?
Will you join me tonight, Casca?
Will you tell me that?
Will you think so?
Will you go to Scone?
Will you help them get ready?
Will you walk in to see their gossiping?
Will you walk towards him?
Will you walk, sir?
Will you come back?
Will you surrender and avoid this, or be so destroyed?
Will you ask the demi-devil why he snared my soul and body?
Will you command me to do anything to the end of the world?
William, sir.
Will I break my heart?
Will I come?
Will you meet me at Ninny’s tomb?
Are you going?
Will you be king of the whole world?
Would you like to hear the request I made to you again?
Do you want to change fathers?
Will you destroy him?
Will you go to bed, Malvolio?
Do you want me?
Do you want to hear music?
Do you know what I wrote?
Will you give me the hand, villain?
Will you lift Olympus up?
Do you think trust is a fraud?
Don’t you answer me, man?
I am praying for you, Nurse, say I.
Do you want to provoke me?
Are you going to rest and be damned?
Do you want to put your foot on my neck?
Do you want to show your wit in a moment?
Do you want them to help you?
Do you want to fly from such gentle lambs and throw them in the wolf’s entrails?
Do you want to, Silvius?
Do you want to, Strato?
Get me to wear and win me!
I loved wine and wine, and I diced up a woman who was more than a Turk.
Winter clothes must be lined with slender Rosalind.
Wipe your eyes.
Wisdom and goodness seem to be vile.
Wisdom!
Be wise and slow.
I will not betray you while I am king of this country.
I will gossip about this feast with all my heart.
I am very happy to hear him so much.
I love you with all my heart, and it is great to see you are so penitent.
With all my heart, good young man.
With all my heart, you can get a wife.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart, I will give him courteous advice. In the meantime, the court will hear Bellario’s letter.
With a green eye in it.
It is not with anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, but with love.
With another for tying his new shoes with old fashioned ribbon?
With any strong or vehement importunity.
The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler, which Charles threw him in a moment and broke three ribs, said he has little hope for life in him.
With Cassio, my mistress.
I beg her to marry Demetrius.
With Demetrius.
I drink well to my niece.
We follow you with our duty and desire.
With his Majesty’s approval, I did not have the time to hear the passages of his true titles to certain dukedoms, and en general to the crown and seat of France
With her, on her, what you want.
I sent the queen with him, my reason for that.
Gratiano has gone with him.
With him?
He is scolded.
With his mouth full of news.
With his own bolt, I have shaken up the sand and spucked pine and cedar by the spurs, and I have spucked up the graves
They are sleeping on vacation, because they are not aware of how time moves.
I am ready to endure it now.
I am more upset about the fight than you are.
I am not sure.
It takes a long time to get some news.
With no less religion than if you were Rosalind.
I have nothing to do with it.
I came with one fool’s head to woo, but I will go with two.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
With robbers hands, you shouldnt snuck like this.
With Rosaline, my ghostly Father?
The sweetest things are piercing your mistress’s ears and singing her home music.
With the earl, sir.
With a surgeon’s help he could recover and prove himself ass.
I am a master, and you are a master.
With this strange virtue, he has a wonderful gift of prophecy, and many other gifts are coming to him.
I have a lot to do with this, my lord.
What is the difference?
I mean, with what I get, and so do they.
What do you think he is doing to tempt you to love?
What, God’s name?
With who?
With whom?
Take your sword, Margaret.
Withdraw, my lord.
Within a month, she had left the tears in her eyes, and she married.
Set him in my sword, and if he escapes, I will forgive him.
I will lay his bones in my tent tonight, like a soldier.
We have a lot of people in our archives, including those who served Mark Antony, but were late enough to get him in.
The small flower is ripe and has medicinal power.
Within ten days, if you are found near our court twenty miles away, you will die for it.
Within three days, let me hear you say Cassio is not alive.
I expect to be worth three times as much as I am in two months, a month before this contract is due.
Within a half an hour he will be asleep.
Within an hour I was his servant, sir, but thanks to him he gnawed in two of my cords.
Within an hour it will be dinnertime.
In this house lives the enemy of all your powers.
Within three hours Juliet will wake up.
Within a mile you can see the ruins of a moving grove.
I have heard that without contradiction.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Without you, my lord, it is impossible to know what you are doing.
She is a witty son.
You can see that he is invisible.
You ever burning lights above us, you elements that clip us roundabout.
Oh, ha, ha!
Is it your will?
I am sorry to the hand that shed this valuable blood.
Go to the land where a child is ruled.
Oh, sorry!
We are sorry, sir, that you cannot live to wear your true followers out.
What a terrible thing for England!
Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Women’s gentle brain cannot pull out a sluggish phrase like this.
Do not wonder or be upset.
Do not wonder until you have a warrant.
It is witty.
Wooray!
Why do you want to fight?
Do you want to tear yourself apart?
Do you want to fight well?
Wooh, cry?
She loves it so much, because he told her to keep it forever.
Words before you blow.
Words without thoughts are never going to heaven.
Words, words, words.
Work, work your thoughts, and you will see a siege.
Oh, oh, oh!
It is worse and worse.
Worse and worse.
That is a good thing, Maecenas.
What a good man!
Good Macbeth, we will stay at your leisure.
You were worthy of Montano, but you were not civil.
Othello, I am hurt to be in danger.
I know, prince.
What are you doing, my lord?
I wish it had been done.
I wish it were done.
I wish the whole world had a chance to swear he had.
It would be good to everyone, but that will never happen.
Would he deny his letter, he said?
Would he have stolen from his sleep in Hermia?
Wouldn’t he be a comfort to us on our travels?
I wish I could answer this comfort with the like.
I would have met my dearest enemy in heaven, Horatio, that day.
I wish I had two cloaks and two daughters.
I wish I could see that man ever.
I wish I could never achieve success, but I feel a smuggle of grief that smuggles my heart.
I wish I could carry him in the desert.
I wish I were assured of my condition.
I wish I were in a pub in London.
I wish I were satisfied.
I wish I were in a good mood, so I could rest.
I wish I were so.
Would it be better to be a man than I am?
Wouldn’t it be a sad thing for a woman to be overpowered with a piece of dust?
Wouldn’t it make one cry?
I wish it were a day.
It would be a poison to you.
I wish Katherine had never seen him.
I wish I could revoke my cousin’s death.
They would not say anything?
She never gave you permission to come.
She would be heard at my foot and with the ducats in her coffin.
He would love a quarter of his life.
I wish I could do that.
I wish he were gone.
I wish the night were here.
They wish they had stayed.
They would be basilisks to strike you dead.
You and the people who have fought once would have made me fight on land.
I wish you were ruled by me.
Would you buy her so you can ask for her?
Would you like to see me again?
Would you like to see more of lime and hair?
You wish you had never seen him.
Do you want me to be honest?
All those who see her would not swear that she is a virgin?
If you would praise Caesar, say “Caesar.” Do not go any further.
You wish you were not sick.
You would like to look like a man.
You would beg yourself to be a sluggish man and see her topped?
Would you like to?
Are you going to be with me?
Are you going to betrayed by me?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Do you want them to be all?
You would have the one who admires the life ornament, and if you were not waiting on “I would,” like the poor cat.
Wouldn’t you be happy to see the niggardy rascally sheep-biter come by some sort of shame?
Would you have to withdraw it?
Take his sword from him.
Wrinkles forbid!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”
Write down the villain Prince John.
Write to him.
Write loyal cantons of unnatural love and sing them loudly in the middle of the night.
Write me a prologue, and let the prologue seem to say we will not do harm with our swords, and that Pyramus is not killed
Write them together, yours is as good as yours.
Write to him, and I will sign it.
Write to me very soon, and I will tell you what she thinks.
It is wrong, but it is wrong.
Wrong I am my enemies?
Do not mistake her birth.
You have slept in my bed, Brutus.
The Slys are not rogues.
Yare, lower, lower.
Quickly, quickly, good Iras, quick.
Yes, gods, it amazes me that a man with such a poor temper should start the majestic world and bear the palm alone.
You are right.
It has been a thousand more pounds than it is now, because I hear your Worship as good a word as any man in the city.
Yes, and I will cry for a while.
Yes, and I paid for it.
Yes, and under the title: “Here is Benedick the married man.”
Yes, and the best.
Are you there?
Yes, but I am wrong.
Yes, but you cannot do it without a control.
Yes, by God, that is true.
Do you scolde and scolde me in the teeth?
Yes, I am.
Yes, from the table of my memory I will wipe away all trivial and fond records, all books, all forms, and all the pressures that have been copied there.
Is the worst?
Yes, just as much as you can take on a knife’s point and chomp a daw withal.
Yes, leave it to the great Hercules, and let it be more than Alcides’ twelve.
Do you hear that, Balthasar?
Yes, let them come before me.
Yes, marry, that is the eftest way. Let the watch come out.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can do it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Yes, or to paint himself?
Yes, Richard, when I know, because I have not yet made a protest.
Yes, sir, and leave when you ask me to.
Yes, sir, we hope so.
Yes, she did.
Yes, that is the same.
Yes, very force forces itself.
Yes, why wouldn’t she?
Yes, yes, my lord.
Yes, he said, “Do you fall on your face?
Yes, my husband said, “Fall on your face?
I will perform this rite every year.
Yes, indeed.
It is Emilia. It is like she came to speak of Cassio’s death.
Yes, a dozen, and as many as they would store the world they played for.
Yes, and he will do it until he dies.
Yes, as sparrows eagle, or hare the lion.
Yes, being kept together and used.
Yes, tell me if your lord looks well, because he was sick when he left.
Yes, by God.
Yes, by Saint Anne, and ginger will be hot in the mouth too.
Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, and much offense too.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement, God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, certainly, and certainly out of doubt and out of question, too.
Yes, and all his lords, the Duke of Milan and his brave son.
Yes, I will, on Fridays and Saturdays and everything.
Yes, yes.
Yes, noble madam.
Yes, he is dead.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I have gained my experience.
Yes, I will do so.
Yes, I know you are Signior Lucentio.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is a garment.
Yes, just.
Yes, madam, he was from that party.
Yes, madam.
Yes, I am married.
Yes, I am sure he did great good for us.
Yes, nightingales are answering daws.
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Yes, one, and in this way.
Yes, other men have bad luck.
Yes, Shylock, I will give you this contract.
Yes, sir, but anger is a privilege.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
You cannot say anything for your own safety: you have been a great thief by sea.
Yes, sooth, and so do you.
Yes, the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, sir, and you forswore it too.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, for example, the children are punished for the sins of the father.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you have seen Cassio and she together.
Yes.
It is a plague for great people, and the king’s rights are less than the base.
And again?
I am as noble as the adversary I am.
I saw the treasons planted at the start.
Do not let all the harm on yourself.
Benedick was a man of such a size, and now he has become a man.
Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
Only three?
But Caesar will go out, because these predictions are for the general world as good as Caesar.
I could do that too well.
Count Claudio may hear it, because what I want to say concerns him.
I do not use my horse as a mistress, or any other proverb that says so little about it.
But Edmund was beloved.
But fortune cannot pay me better than to die well, not my master’s debtor.
I have left a daughter.
He has always been slender.
He does look good.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, countrymen.
She is allowed to eat her virgin strewns, her maiden strewns, and the bell-throwing.
But here, Laertes?
Here is a spot.
But his plans are still in the works.
If you think it is appropriate or possible, please talk to me in brief with Desdemona.
I cannot help laughing to think it should leave crying and say “yes.” And yet, I am sure it had a swollen forehead like a young
I do not hate Orlando.
I have known those who sleepwalked and died in their beds.
I have not seen such a strong ambassador of love.
I insisted on it.
I do love you.
I am convinced he is not going to be wrong.
I swear to you, I am the man who has cured it.
I would kill you with a lot of love.
I do not think he is noble, noble, and dependable, but he is fresh and trustworthy.
I will go.
I will not shed her blood, nor scar her whiter skin than snow and smooth as the monumental alabaster.
If Antony is alive, well, or friends with Caesar, or not captive to Caesar, I will shower you with gold and pearls.
If you were there to practice my state, then you could be my question.
If you did not, it would not approve me much.
This isn’t a cure for the toothache.
It was not said that it would not be true in your postwar life, but that I would be the root and father of many kings.
But keep the French on the battlefield.
Leave our cousin Katherine with us.
Let me cry for such a loss.
I was pointing to where Cupid fell.
We shouldn’t put the law on him.
I am afraid I can tell you one thing.
If any friend will pay the sum for him, he will not die.
He is old and poor, and he is holping the heavens to rain.
Put it out, because I would not be seen.
But, say I, he is in love.
She must die, or she will betray other men.
That is a pity, since we have locks to protect our precious treasures and traps to catch thieves.
But the gold is still a thing that others touch, and often wear it.
He was there, and I found out this, that he went to the town to find me.
They are not joining.
I will not do this, and I will do whatever I can.
This is your harmless fairy, monster.
You killed my children.
But you are lying in the dark.
Please touch this very sparingly, as if it were far away, because you know that my mother lives.
What can I do when I cannot repent?
Words are good when the person who speaks them is friendly to the people who listen to them.
I wish I could tell you that stroke would be the worst.
I would not have done that, even if I had done my will.
But you are withered.
You started to be rude.
You have all the advantages of her wrong.
You will be hanged for being so long absent.
You, the murderer, look as bright as Venus in its glimmering shadow.
But coming from him, that great med’cine has ruined you with his tincture.
God forgive me for braging like this.
If you are out, I can help.
If he does, he will dishearten his army.
The last time I saw it, it was blackened up in the smoke of war.
When we can wait an hour to serve, we will have to say some words about that.
Yield, curt.
I know that light is not daylight, I know.
The ribaudred Egyptian nag—Whom leprosy o’ertakes!—was in the middle of a fight, when a pair of twins appeared as the same.
The island-goers, desperate to find their bones, are the morning field.
The same cloud, out of the huge one, looks like a foul bombardment that would shed his liquor.
Yonder comes, my master, your brother.
I am sure they are coming.
They lie, and the poor old man, their father, is so pitiful that all the beholders are crying.
He is walking, sir.
Are you a man?
You are right.
You all saw that I presented him with a kingly crown on the Lupercal, which he refused to accept.
You all know this mantle.
You are always going to end with a jade’s trick.
I am surprised you are.
You appeared to me as only a common man.
You are a councilor.
You are a cowardly king.
You are a fish-smoker.
You are a fool.
You are a fool. You are giving yourself.
You are a lover.
You are a cheerful man, sir.
We obey you, a royal, and we obey you.
You are a cruel boy.
You are a senator!
You are a spirit, I know.
You have almost come to a fight.
You are an ass, you are an ass!
You are as good as any prince in the world.
You will both help me, right?
You are wrong.
You are dull, Casca, and you are wasting your life on the sparks of a Roman that you want, or you do not use them.
You are feeling a little upset.
You are full of pretty answers.
You are brave men.
You are him, you are him.
You are right, sir, it is for my mistress.
You are a little lazy, shallow.
You are right.
You are in the great chamber looking for and asked and sought for.
You are a good man, my lord.
You are my older man.
You are my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the savage drops that make me sad.
You are naughty, you are naughty.
You do not know what excellence Laertes is.
You are not Pinch’s patient, are you?
You are not wood, you are not stones, you are men.
You are not, Cassius.
Now you are out of your mind.
You are just a foot from the extreme point.
You are all coming, and I beg you all to think yourself.
You are out of the door, you are ringing bells in your parlors, wild-cats in your kitchens, devils being offended, housewifes playing with
You are as sane as you are as loving yourself as you seem to be the lover of any other.
You are a man of calm?
You are the lord of duty.
You are their heir, you sit on their throne, and the blood and courage that redeemed them run in your veins.
You are followed by a faithful shepherd.
You are thought to be the most intelligent person to be able to watch; therefore, bear the lantern.
You are to blame for not telling her to.
You are too hot.
You are too indulgent.
You are wrong in this king.
You are unkind, Demetrius.
You are very sensible, but you do not know me.
You are very welcome.
You are well greeted.
You are welcome for his sake.
Welcome to Elsinore.
Welcome, masters, welcome, all!
Welcome to Cyprus, sir.
You are welcome here.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are well prepared.
You are, and you do not know.
You beastly knave, don’t you know what you are saying?
You know where to live.
You asked me to do it right and well, both in time and in the fashion.
You break a jest like a sword, which, God be thanked, will not hurt.
You are taking me out.
You call me a misbeliever, a cutthroat dog, and scold my Jewish lord for using what I own.
You can do better, but this is a good thing.
You cannot fool me out of money at this throw.
Bassanio, you cannot be a better person than to be alive and write my epitaph.
You cannot eat fish like this.
You cannot betray the dukedoms here.
You cannot, if my heart were in your hand, and you were not, while I am in my custody.
You cannot take any of the things that I will do more willingly than my life, except my life.
You have drenched our steeples, drowned the cocks!
You are wrong to say that.
You are all beautiful princes and heart-wrenching peers who are burdened by this mutty slander.
You are coming very carefully at your hour.
You do not come like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me and you say, “Shylock, we would have money.” You say that!
You are coming here with letters against the king and taking the puppet against the royal family of her father.
You could never do him so badly if you were the man you were.
You could write a speech of twelve or sixteen lines I had set down and insert it in it, wouldn’t you?
You are making me cry for these words.
You are more likely to be friends with me than to fight with my enemy.
You knew how much you were my conqueror, and that my sword, made weak by my affection, would kill it for all reasons.
You did.
You are getting more and more angry.
You are helping the storm.
You are just dripping with a dreadful slut.
You will be tempted to take these horror thoughts further than you will be tempted to see Caesar.
You are my lord.
You are wrong to take me out of the grave.
You are wrong, sir.
You are wrong about your business.
You do not mind the play.
Do you remember the circumstances?
You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant.
You would not have tempted him like that.
You are willing to take your responsibility.
You English princes, I salute you.
You are a good man, my friends.
Gentle gods, take my breath away from me.
You forget to hide me.
You gentle Romans, be quiet.
You are going to find Lord Hamlet.
You had a musty meal, and he has holp to eat it.
You have a daughter named Elizabeth, who is virtuous and fair, royal and gracious.
You killed a sweet and innocent woman among you.
You have many of the slaves you bought, which you use to make up for the sluts you used to use to make up for them.
You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.
You have surprised him.
You have been a factious man against the other.
You have been called for.
You have been borne with affection.
You have violated the law of your oath, which you will not have any tongue to charge me with.
You are wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles.
You have displaced the sand, broken the good meeting, and done the best of yours.
You have done something you should be sorry for.
You have done well by water.
You have done well, that men have to lay their hands on your neck.
You have forgotten the will I told you about.
You are very good at horsemanship.
You heard him swear that he was.
You have heard so much.
You have her father’s love, Demetrius.
You are full of it, Benedick.
You have killed a sweet lady, and you will be a big victim of her death.
You have heard something you shouldn’t have.
You do not have any reason to say that.
You have not lost any reputation unless you are a loser.
You have loved him well.
You have offered me Sicily, Sardinia.
You have me, don’t you?
You have my consent.
You do not have any stomach.
You have been beaten up?
You have not called me so, and you have no reason to.
You have not seen anything like that.
You have it.
You have stood out against your brother, and he has gotten you to his place where the weather is causing you to die.
You have won.
You have put him down, lady. You have put him down.
You have said what you are saying now.
You have said something, but if you are wise or not, let the forest judge.
You have said what you are saying, sir.
You have seen a cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You did not see anything?
You have served me well, and kings have been your fellows.
You have misused our sexual practices to make you feel like you are in a jealousy.
You have some reason, they do not.
You have spoken more than you intended.
You have been with me for a long time.
You have taken it more seriously than I thought it would be.
You told me she received them and returned them with a sudden respect and acquaintance, but I do not find any.
You are too clever to fool me.
You are too much in the world.
You have trained me like a peasant, hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities.
You have, my lord.
You hear him all night.
You hear how he has brought me to life.
You hear the news.
You heard her say it wasnt me.
You jig and amble and you lisp, you nickname God’s creatures and make your ignorance a bad thing.
You keep the legions and the horse together, don’t you?
You kill me to deny it.
You kiss by the book.
You knew my father well, and I was left to inherit all his land and goods, which I have bettered than reduced.
You knew as well, but no one knew as well about my daughter’s flight.
You know he does.
You know that I gave it to you right now.
You know that I gave it to you for a half hour now.
You know that I am not talking to him, because he does not understand me, and neither does he understand me.
You know me by my habit.
You know me well, and here I am, just to end up with my love for the situation.
You know me well.
You know me well.
You know what I am thinking.
You do not know the name of the Centaur?
You do not know how to pick a man.
You do not know what you are doing.
You do not know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him angry.
You do not know why we came here to visit you. That is a dark night out of season.
You know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours.
You know that I held Epicurus strong and his opinion.
You know that you are Brutus who speaks this, or that your last speech was made by the gods.
You know the character is your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
You know, he brought me out of favor with my lady about a bear-baiting here.
You do not have a man’s heart.
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.
You are lying on it, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
You are up to the gods hearing.
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you have something more to say.
You do not look well, Antonio.
You are pale, you stare, and you are afraid, and you are in awe of the strange impatience of the heavens.
You look tired.
You do not love me.
You are making me study that.
You are causing us to work.
You may as well try to soften that Jewish heart.
You may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning in his face with a peacock feather.
You may as well say that a brave flea eats his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You can see what happened here.
You may be just, whatever I think.
You can do that right away.
You may do your will, but he is a tried and brave soldier.
You can find out more.
You can go to the devil’s castle!
You may have a good reason.
You can light up a husband who has no beard.
You can relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.
You can see my ribs with every finger.
You may think I am not yours.
You may think I am in love with you.
You can, sir.
You mean to bear me, not to bear me. My brother mocks you and me.
You, men of Cyprus, let her have your knees.
You could do anything.
You might have come before.
You could have taken away my money to do it yourself.
You, you, are these your customers?
You are wrong, sir, you are wrong.
You are wrong, sir.
You are mocking me, madam.
You are mocking me, sir.
You have to leave tonight.
You have to be patient for a while.
You must be your brother’s father, and give her to Claudio.
You have to bear with me.
You have to call out the watch that is accused of it.
You have to contradict me.
You have to be patient.
You have to leave this.
You will have to give me your reason, Sir Andrew.
You cannot refuse me.
You cannot look so sour.
You cannot stay here longer.
You cant think I am so simple, but I know that the devil himself will not eat a woman.
You should not think I am drunk.
You should not mistake my niece.
We have tried all our friends, our army is full of brims, and our cause is ready.
You have to play Pyramus and Flute, thisbe.
You have to say “paragon.” A “paramour” is a thing of naughtyness.
You have to sing this song more than anything else.
You have to think this way, look, that the worm will do his kind.
You have to go to Parthia.
You have to translate.
You do not have to worry about any of these lords, my lady.
You do not have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
You snimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames into her scornful eyes.
You or any man in the city can be drunk at a time.
You pay him then.
You are a farmer.
You are going to continue this united fight.
You have praised yourself by putting my judgment to the test, but you have snuck up your excuses.
You did not get any gold?
You are up to play and go to bed to work.
You rub the sore when you should put the plaster on.
You said the enemy would not come down but keep the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh at you?
You saw them speak us well, give us gold.
You say he ate at home, and the jeweler denies that.
You are not saying that, old man.
You are very true, scald king, when God will do it.
You are right.
You say you are a better soldier.
You say you do not know the mind of the lady.
You do not have the heart to tell me that, and therefore you cannot do it.
You see an ass head like you, do you?
You see, her eyes are open.
You see how easily she can be surprised.
He is so old.
You see how simple and fond I am.
You see me here as a poor old man, as wretched in both of them as old.
You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I am.
You sent me for a ropes end just as soon as you got it.
You sent me to the bay for a barking call.
You will advise me in all matters related to Cleopatra.
You will be a woodworker and buy nothing but knives from me.
You will be king.
You will be more loving than you will be beloved.
You will be sent soon with good news.
You will keep the prisoner quiet until the Venetian government knows what you are doing.
You will admit that you both have been fooled.
You will do marvelous things before you visit him, good Reynaldo, to ask about his behavior.
You will be too bold to be a victim of my master’s grace and sanity, securing his messenger.
You will find me ready to do that, sir, so you can give me some chance.
You will have anything.
You will have gold to pay the debt twenty times over.
You will have to leave.
You will have letters from me to my son in your behalf, to meet you on the way.
You will get letters from me to some friends who will help you.
You will not have any luck, sir, because I will try if they can lick their fingers.
You will get a ransom.
You will have some part of your will.
You will get the mustard or you will not get any beef from Grumio.
You will have time to wretch when you have nothing else to do.
You will have wine enough, my lord.
You will hear me.
You will hear more by midnight.
You will hear more.
You will find out more about it later.
You will see a duteous, knee-crooking savage who is wasting his time like his master’s ass for naught but
You will never see her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue.
You cannot choose but drink before you go.
You will not find the least reason for what you are afraid of, even if you are curious.
You will not see me by what we do tonight.
You will not go, my lord.
You will not go.
You will not blame us in your funeral speech, but you can tell us everything you can do about Caesar and tell us that you do it by our permission
You will not get a contract like that for me.
You are not going to get out of your house today.
You will play it in a mask, and you will be able to speak as small as you want.
You will read the will, Caesar’s will.
You will see how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You will only try one fall.
You will, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time it is.
You should be governed and led by a discernment that makes you better than you yourself.
You should have reprehended him for that.
You should hear why.
You should have accompanied her, and you should have sneezed the youth with some excellent advice.
You slave, you snuck up!
You are talking all your parts together, cues and everything.
You do not speak as you think.
You are talking about this to get me in, my lord.
You speak to Casca, and you speak to a man like that who is not a slander.
You are talking too bitterly.
You have not spoken to her since then?
You are begging me to leave, and he will push me here.
You are not surprised, but be comforting.
You are standing.
You stayed well in Egypt.
You are hitting my people, and your rabble makes servants of their betters.
You sulphurous fires, savage savage thunderbolts, singe my white head.
You sunburnt sicklemen of August are tired, come here from the furrow and be happy.
You swore to me that you would wear it until you died.
You take my house when you take the money I need to keep up with.
You take my life when you take the means of living.
You are enjoying the message?
You are taking your money now.
You are talking!
You tallow face!
You taught me to beg first, and now I think you teach me how to beg a beggar.
You taught me language, and I know how to curse.
You tell us the way to play wrestling.
You are losing something like that?
Do you think I will cry?
You think nothing but your sheets are suitable for your needs.
You think he is too bad.
You thought because he couldn’t speak English in his native language, he couldn’t handle an English snore.
You told me something, an odious, damned lie.
You told me that.
You told me you do not salute the court, but kiss hands.
You touched my heart first.
You tremble and look pale.
You understand?
You are using this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the Porcupine.
You would better go in.
You would better knock louder.
You should tell Antonio what you hear, but do not do it suddenly, because it may be his fault.
We all kneeled and imported you otherwise, and the beautiful woman was divided between loath and obedience, at which end the beam should bow.
You were sent for, and you have a confession in your looks that you do not have enough to be colorless.
You were the word of war.
You were blamed for parting so carefully your wife’s first gift, a thing that was stuck on your finger with oaths and so riveted to your flesh.
You whoreson malt-horse drudge!
You will answer, “The slaves are ours.” I will answer you.
You will be a schoolmaster and teach the maiden.
You will be whipped.
You will have to convince me to read the will?
You will have Gremio to help you.
You will lose this bet, my lord.
You will never be crazy, niece.
You will not, then?
You will not enjoy it, I can tell you, because he is so oddsy.
You would have been able to prove that there is not time for everything.
You want to be satisfied?
You would lift the moon out of its sphere if she continued it for five weeks without changing it.
You would say that if your clothes were thin.
You would be surprised to see my halt.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me even more when you denied it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
You wrong me, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write in such a case.
You will look for what you are looking for, and for my own poor part, I will go pray.
You are to present the Prince’s house.
You, cousin.
You are a long-standing mistress.
Nick Bottom, you are in for Pyramus.
You, Thisbe’s father.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
You have breathed out my ungrateful altars that have been poured out by the faithful, whose devotion has been redeemed.
You, you, you, you.
You, sir, where is my daughter?
You!
You.
You would be king of the island, sir?
You will never trust his word afterward.
You will ask me why I prefer to have a fleshy body rather than three thousand ducats.
You will be sick tomorrow because you are watching this night.
You will be a bang for that, I am afraid.
You will be crying for this if I beat the door down.
You will find it wrong, I promise you.
You will have a pair of worms for your cousins and a pair of german gennets.
You will see your nephews neighing to you.
You will heat my blood.
You will let us in, I hope?
You will not endure him.
You will pay the eight shillings I won from you in a bet?
You will get two days to go with me.
You are a prince.
You are wrong.
Signior Balthasar, you are sad.
Welcome here.
You are welcome, sir, and he is for your good reason.
You have said what you are saying, sir.
You have strange snakes there?
Young boys and girls are equal now to men.
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, where is your home?
Young Edward is alive.
Young Fortinbras, with the conquest from Poland, gives this warlike volley to the ambassadors of England.
Young fry of treachery!
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the Wrestler?
Young men love not just their hearts, but their eyes.
Is it young Romeo?
Young boy, it is a slut to get you to sleep early.
Younger than she is, happy mothers.
Women younger than you are here in Verona are already mothers.
Young men, you cannot love as much as I am.
You do not want the maids in France to kiss before they are married, would she say?
Your accent is more fine than you could do in such a ruined house.
What is your answer?
Your answer is nonsense, sir.
Your bedchamber.
Your betters have made me say my mind, and if you cannot, you will be better off stopping your ears.
You are better than you, sir.
Your brother Gloucester hates you.
Your brother is young and tender, and I would be tempted to foil him for your love, as I would for my own honor.
Your brother the Bastard has fled Messina.
Your brother is not your brother, but your son, I will not call him son.
Your cake inside is warm, and you are standing here in the cold.
Your case is better.
Your wife and children were slaughtered in a savage manner.
Your sorrow should not be measured by his worth, because then your sorrow will not end.
Your charm is so strong that if you saw them now, your feelings would be tender.
Your children will be kings.
Your children were threatening your youth, but mine will be a comfort to your old age.
Your commission is ready.
Your constant presence has left you unharmed.
Your cousin, my lady, makes great exceptions to your poor hours.
Your crown is wry.
Your Dane, your German, and your swag-skinned Hollander—Drink, ho!—are nothing to your English.
The princes left your daughter for dead.
Your daughter spent one night in Genoa, as I heard, in fourscore ducats.
Your dinner and the generous islanders who are invited to join you are at your service.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters have forgiven themselves, and are desperately dead.
Your Emperor is still a king.
Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet air is more tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear when wheat is green, and hawthorn buds appear.
Your eyes are threatening me.
Your eyes drop millstones when fools’ eyes drop tears.
Your face is like a book where men can read strange things.
Your father had excellent husbands, if a maiden could come by them.
Your father was always virtuous, and holy men have good inspirations at their death.
Your powers, Lord, warrant us.
Your fortunes are identical.
Your friends are up and snatch their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they need a priest.
Your gentleness will force us more than your force will force us to be gentle.
Your goods were buried in the Centaur, sir.
Your Grace heard their sugary words, but they did not look at their poisonous thoughts.
Your Grace honors me as much as it can be desired by his subjects.
Your wit has put the weaker side at odds.
Your Grace is too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace can do whatever you want.
We think your Grace should know his thoughts quickly.
Your graces are welcome.
Your grandfather of famous memory, who does not please your Majesty, your great-uncle Edward the
Your hand, Leonato.
Your hands, come then.
You have lost half your soul.
Your heart desires are with you.
Your Highness told me to ask for it today.
Your Highness told me I should post before.
Your honor is what we call you here.
You are very welcome.
Your Honor’s humor is bad.
Your Honor’s actors are coming to play a pleasant comedy, because your doctors are very happy with it.
Your houses.
Your husband is upset by a shrew, which makes my husband feel sad by his suffering.
Your mother is coming to your bedroom.
Your lady, sir, your lady.
If you had a guard around you, you would be sure that he is tainted by his wits.
Your letters prevented us from breaking up until we saw both how you were wronged and how we were in danger.
Your lips will feel them the sooner.
Your eyes are pale and wild, and you are making you angry.
Your lord knows what I am thinking.
Welcome to Denmark, my lord.
Your lordship speaks infallibly of him.
Your loss is as good as yours, and you are as good as you are.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, Where is your mother?
Your love says, like an honest gentleman who is courteous, kind, handsome, and, I am sure, virtuous. Where is your mother
Your love is mine to you.
Your Majesty did not come like yourself.
Your Majesty is very true.
Your Majesty will mock me.
Your Majesty, listen now, reprimanding your Majesty’s life is a terrible thing.
Your servant and you are wonderful, sir.
Your mind may change.
Your mistress is well.
Your mistress sent to bring me home to dinner?
Your mother.
Your name, please, friend?
You are true, sir.
What are your names?
Your old smock brings a new petticoat, and an onion-increasing tears should be filled with sorrow.
Your overkindness tears away from me.
You could not keep her from dying, but heaven keeps his eternal life.
Your plainness and your shortness are nice to me.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Your power and your command are taken off, and Cassio is king in Cyprus.
Your praise has come to you too quickly.
Why?
You are right.
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your reassurance is something too round.
Your royal father has been murdered.
Your preparation for war makes us hear something.
Your rye-straw hats are on, and these fresh nymphs are all in the country.
The sun turns your snake into a snake in Egypt.
Your servant Kent.
Your servant will do so.
Your servants have their own plans, and all the resources that you have in your hands, to make their own decisions at your highnesss expense, and to return your own
Your servants are going to do that.
Your shoes are not so good.
Your sister is the better soldier.
Your son and daughter have found this trespass worth the shame that it suffers.
Your son will have my daughter.
My lord, your son has paid a soldier’s debt.
Your statue spouting blood in many holes, in which many smiling Romans bathed, shows that you will be king of Rome and that
You are a woman.
Your story would cure the deafness.
Your vessels and spells provide, your charms, and everything else.
Your virtue is my privilege.
Your voice will be as strong as any man can be when it comes to removing new dignities.
You are getting shorter.
Your wife and brother made wars against me, and your contestation was the theme for you.
Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes and still conclusion, will not be honored to be Demuring me.
Your wife would be a bit grateful for that if she were there to hear you make the offer.
What is your will?
Your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids couldnt fill the void of my lust.
Your Worship is wrong.
Your worship speaks like a very thankful and respectful youth, and I praise God for you.
Your worship did not tell me I could do anything without a bid.
Your worships friend and Launcelot, sir.
Your worth is very important, my opinion.
Your actions have ruined my sexuality.
You are yours.
You are in the ranks of death.
You, if you talk about stories.
You are yours, yours.
Young people are fighting, even if none else is nearby.
I have dog, rat, mouse, and cat to scratch a man to death.
He is dying.
Go ahead, calm down.
I will never beg you any more.
You are being robbed, sir.
Zounds, who is there?
