I’m going to strike you when you speak.
A beast, no more.
A beggar, brother?
A better example, I say.
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours.
A bitter fool.
A blank, my lord.
A blessed labor, my sovereign lord.
A braggart, a rogue, a villain who fights by the book of arithmetic!
A brave vessel with some noble creature in her was thrown to pieces.
A bridegroom, what do you say?
A calendar, a calendar!
A carrion death, within which there’s a written scroll.
He took a certain aim at a fair throne throned by the west and loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow, as it would pierce a hundred thousand hearts.
I’m facing a challenge.
We’re fighting for a man, and as the president of my kingdom, we’ll be there for a man.
I’m sure it’s a commodity.—Come on, we’ll obey you.
A conduit, girl?
A contagious breath.
A contract of true love to celebrate, and some generous donation to the estate of the blessed lovers.
A Cornish name.
A man could never be able to survive a carnation.
A coward, a very devout coward, religious in it.
A credulous father and a brother noble—whose nature is so far from doing harms that he doesn’t suspect any of them, and whose foolishness is easy.
A crow without feathers?
A cup, closed in my true love’s hand?
A damned death!
A daughter?
A dear happiness to women.
A deed without a name.
A devil, a born devil who can’t stick to nature, and who I’ve taken my pains, humanly taken, all, all lost, quite lost.
A devil!
I’m witnessing a terrible induction, and I’ll go to France hoping the consequences will be bitter, black, and tragic.
A dog from that house will move me to stand.
A dollar.
A dream itself is only a shadow.
A drum, a drum!
A dry sneeze, sir.
A good name.
A fair woman!
A false conclusion.
A fiend like you could bring my soul to hell.
A fig!
A fine woman!
A fire, good Curtis.
A flatterer’s would not, even though they appear as huge as high Olympus.
A foe to tyrants, and my country’s friend.
I’m a foolish man, who I leave behind here.
It’s a foolish thought to say a sorry sight.
A fox when one caught her and such a daughter should go to the slaughter, if my cap would buy a halter.
A friend of Antony’s.
A friend should bear his friend’s infirmities, but Brutus makes mine more powerful than they are.
A friend?
A friend.
A friendly eye could never see such faults.
I’ll have a swashing and a martial outside— As many other mannish cowards have, they’re swashing it with their semblances.
A gentle riddance.—Draw the curtains, go.—Let all his skin choose me like that.
A gentle scroll.
Nurse, a gentleman who loves to hear himself talk, and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to speak in a month.
A gentleman?
A gentleman.
A golden mind doesn’t stooped to show of dross.
A good and virtuous nature can be a king in an imperial charge.
A good direction, warlike sovereign.
A good example!
A good knave.
A good answer.
A good man’s fortune may grow out of heels.
It’s a good thing.
A good moral statement, my lord: it’s not enough to speak, but to speak true.
A good note, that keeps you from being beaten by the law.
A good old commander and a very kind gentleman.
A good persuasion.
A good sharp man.
A good soft pillow for that white head would be better than a churlish turf in France.
A good quick simile, but something currish.
A good wench, give it to me.
It’s a good place, where there are many wards, and dungeons, Denmark being the worst.
A grandam’s name is little less in love than a mother’s title.
A grave?
A great suspicion.
I’ll give my cousin a greater gift than I’ll give.
A greater gift?
A greater power than we can contradict has ruined our intentions.
You’re a grievous man.—Yes, woman, did you do that?
I’m dying a sinless death.
A halter is free, nothing else, for God’s sake.
A heavy sight!
I’m begging for a heavy summons, but I wouldn’t sleep.
A hit, a very palpable hit.
This will be a holy day later.
A horned man is a monster and a beast.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse!
A drunken monster.
A hundred marks, my Kate puts her down.
A hundred then.
A husband?
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
A joint stool.
A kind good night to everyone!
A king, a king!
A king, perhaps— my lord— How could the prophet not have told me at that time that I should kill him?
A lady, sir, though it was said she resembled me, was still a beautiful woman.
Juliet lies here, and her beauty makes this vault a feasting place full of light.
A laugh.
A lean cheek, which you haven’t, a blue eye and sunken eye, which you haven’t; an unquestionable spirit, which you haven’t; a beard neglected, which
It’s a likely piece of work that you should find it in your room and not know who left it there!
A lioness has whelped in the streets, and graves have yawned and yielded their dead.
A little water clears us of this deed.
A little bit, by your favor.
A lord to a lord, a man to a man, stuffed with honorable virtues.
A love song, a love song.
A lover is more angry.
A sour, choking gall, and a sweet treat.
A woman never bold, so quiet and still alive that her motion shook her head.
A man is master of his freedom.
A man can see how this world goes without any eyes.
A man no more powerful than you or me, but he’s grown as a man, and as fearful as these strange eruptions are.
If you had a wife with such a wit, he might say, “Wit, whither wilt?” No, you might keep that check for it until you met your wife’s wit and went
A man, as you are.
A man, sir.
A man, young lady!
A number of our bodies will certainly find native graves, on which, I trust, we’ll witness the work of this day.
I’ll go with him.—Come here, sir, and let me say a word in your ear.
A match!
A match!
A savage voice, as I am a true knight.
A merry whoreson, ha!
A messenger from Caesar.
A messenger from the galleys.
A mighty man from Pisa.
They’re a powerful force.
A miracle!
A monster, a very monster in clothing, and not like a Christian footboy or a gentleman’s lackey.
A more unhappy lady, if this division is possible, she’ll be begging for both of them.
I’ve been reminiscing about his own remembrance.
What a great miracle!
It’s a manly wit, Margaret, that won’t hurt a woman.
I’ve seen him do a miracle work in this good king since my stay here in England.
A poor, credulous monster.—Well drawn, monster, in good sooth!
A poor man who has been tame to fortune’s blows, who, by the means of being known and feeling sorrow, is pregnant to good pity.
A ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard.
A very scurvy monster.
A very unhappy one.
A wicked Sir Oliver, Audrey, a vile Martext.
A night is only a small breath and a little pause to answer questions of this consequence.
A noble duke, as nature as in name.
A noble prisoner!
A noble ship of Venice has seen a grievous wreck and sufferance on most of their fleet.
A pack of blessings is shining on your back, and Happiness is the best thing for you.
A pair of stocks, you rogue!
A terrible boy!
A peevish schoolboy, worthless of such honor, joined with a masker and a reveler!
A pestilent gall to me!
A piece of him.
A piece of ice.
A piece of work that will make sick men whole.
A plague kills both your houses!
A plague kills both your houses!
A plague kills both your houses!
I’m a plague on the tyrant I serve!
This wrath is plagued!
A plague on you all!
You all have a plague!
There’s a play there, my lord, about ten words long, which is as brief as I’ve known.
A pleasing cordial, princely Buckingham, you’re sending this vow to my sick heart.
A poor, unfortunate beggar.
A poor virgin, a bad-wined thing, sir, but my own.
A pound of man’s flesh taken from a man is not as valuable and profitable as meat from muttons, beefs, or goats.
A pox on your bottle!
A pox of drowning yourself!
It’s a privilege to never see me again.
A good man.
That’s a good saying!
A fight, but nothing.
A fight already?
A rarer spirit never helped guide humanity, but you gods will give us some faults to make us men.
Then the right one is hit the most quickly.
A good markman!
He has a ring worth forty ducats, and for the same reason he promised me a necklace.
A ripe age.
A Roman.
A sailor’s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched, munched, and munched.
A second Daniel!—A Daniel, Jew!
A segregation of the Turkish fleet.
A ship you sent me to, to hire a waftage.
A sibyl, who had numbered in the world two hundred times, sewed the work in her prophetic fury.
A sick man in sadness makes his will, a word ill for a man who is so sick.
It’s a terrible sight to see in a king’s eyes.
A simple countryman who brought her figs.
I’m not a single thing that wonders to hear you speak of Naples.
I beg you a sister whom no brother ever loved so much.
A sleeve?
Your brains are now useless, boiled in your skull.—There are spells stopped.—My eyes aren’t sociable to the show of yours, fall into the air.
A soothsayer asks you to beware of March’s landslides.
A southwest blow on you and blister you all o'clock!
He’s so ashamed of himself.
I’m a spirit, but I’m in that womb that I was a part of.
A spirit, a spirit.
A spirit?
A stone-cutter or painter could not have made him so sick as they were only two years old.
A stoup of wine!
A strange fish!
A substitute shines brightly as a king until a king is here, and then his state is flooded, as if an inland brook is flooded with water.
A surgeon!
A sweet woman!
A sweeter and a sweeter gentleman, framed in the spirit of nature, young, valiant, wise, and, without doubt, right royal, the vast world cannot afford it again.
A tailor made you.
A tailor makes a man?
What’s going on for me?
A third of the king’s screams can’t be matched unless the devil himself turns a Jew.
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand thousand!
A thousand times worse to want your light.
A thousand, sir, even if it’s early, have riveted their hats and at the port expect you.
A tomb must cover your sweet eyes.
I confess.
I hope I can use it with a safe conscience, which is, indeed, a mender of bad soles.
A traveler.
A truant disposition, my lord.
A trusty villain, sir, that often, when I’m dull and dull, he’s bringing me joy with his merry screams.
A few minutes later I’ll walk to my heart.
A velvet dish!
A vengeance on your crafty hide!
A very dishonest, paltry boy, and more cowardly than a hare.
A very fair way, but no friend like that.
A very fine one.
A very forward March-chick!
A very gentle beast, with a good conscience.
A very handsome man.
A very honest, and as poor as the king.
That’s a very mean meaning.
A very pleasing night for honest men.
A very weak monster.
A victory is twice as important when the winner brings home full numbers.
A wandering knight?
I’m a whole bunch.
A witty mother!
A worthy fool!
A worthy pioneer!
He was a wreck past the hope he was.
We’re a wretched soul, bruised by adversity.
Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord, who would reduce these bloody days again and make poor England cry in streams of blood!
Don’t get out of here, but don’t go.
A savage slave, which any kind of goodness you can’t take, capable of all evil!
Abhorred villain!
Stay inside.
Take it on, for shame!
Abominable villain!
She gave me a ring of gold, a paltry ring that she gave me, whose posy was for all the world like a knife’s poetry, “Love me and don’t leave me.”
Read it, and write “happy” when you’re done.
About it!
About ninth hour, lady.
The wind is faster than the wind, and Helena of Athens looks like you— She’s all savage and pale of cheer, with sighs of love, which cost the fresh blood dearly.
About your years, my lord.
About!
I’m above my fortunes, but my state is well.
Accost, Sir Andrew, accosts.
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Tell her about my son Paris’s love here and tell her, please, to come see me on Wednesday— But soft!
Eight thousand and four hundred knights, esquires, and gallant gentlemen, among which five hundred were dubbed knights yesterday.
I’ve added so much.—” And there put on him what you want to get.
Adieu, adieu, adieu.
Goodbye, goodbye!
Please, be vigilant, I beg you.
Goodbye, good Monsieur Melancholy.
Goodbye, good neighbor.
Goodbye, good Queen.
Goodbye, so our old robes are easier to sit than our new ones!
Goodbye, noble Agrippa.
Goodbye, until you return at night.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Adultery?
Advantage is a better soldier than rashness.
Ask the duke where you’re going, to prepare for the worst.
Tell your fellows so.
Ask.
Affection doesn’t come from the heart.
Affection!
After a little time, I’ll beat him too.
After dinner, you’ll be warned.
After her, after her.
After my death, the one half of my land was destroyed, and twenty thousand crowns were destroyed.
After so long grief, such a nativity!
After the battle let George Stanley die.
Again!
It’s not natural, and it’s not necessary to find out why this is so stupid.
Against my brother Lucius?
Why are you trying to make my soul wander in an unknown field?
I’ve been sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
I’ve been sent to ask you to come in to dinner.
Age can’t wither her, and her infinite variety can’t be stale.
Age, you’re shamed!
Ah ha!
Oh, God, if my prayers can’t appease you, but you’ll be avenged on my misdeeds, but you’ll be avenged on my misdeeds!
Ah, me!
Ah sir, ah sir.
Oh, Buckingham, now I’m playing the touch, to try to find out if you’re indeed a goldman.
Ah, but I think he’s better than I say, and I wish others’ eyes were worse.
Oh, cut my lace asunder so my pent heart can have some room to beat, or else I’ll swoon with this dead-killing news!
Oh, dear, if I’m so, let heaven engender hail and poison it in the source, and the first stone drops in my neck.
Ah, Desdemona, away, away, away!
Ah, don’t tear yourself away from me!
Ah, for my husband, for my dear Edward!
Ah, for our father, for our dear lord Clarence!
Ah, good Demetrius, will you give him me?
Ah, ha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward!
Ah, he’s young, and his minority is backed by Richard Gloucester, a man who doesn’t love me or you.
Ah, how much would the man deserve from me who would right her!
Ah, Juliet, if you’re a little more happy than mine, and you’re more capable of blazoning it, then you’ll sweeten this neighbor with your breath, and let the rich music’
Ah, let’s go, let’s go!
Ah, Luciana, did he tempt you like that?
Oh, my back, my back!
Ah, my lord, what have I seen tonight?
Ah, my poor princes!
Ah, my sweet babes, my unblown flowers, my sweets, if your gentle souls are still flying in the air and aren’t stuck in a perpetual curse, go over over me with your air
Ah, poor heart, he’s so shaken by a burning tertian that it’s terribly sad to see him.
Ah, Rosencrantz!
Ah, sir, a body would think this was well-required.
Ah, soldier!
Ah, that good Kent— He said it would be like that, poor banished man.
Ah, that’s a bad fault.
Ah, you should have done this, and not have spoken about it!
Ah, you spell!
Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father he is!
Ah, goodbye!
Ah, where’s my man?—Give me some vitae.—These griefs, these sorrows, these sorrows make me old.
Ah, women, women!
Aha!
I don’t know you, young gentleman.
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go.
Oh, that’s him.
Oh, sorry, sorry for the day!
Oh, I don’t like this unnatural deal.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, for mercy!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, I love myself.
Oh, my lord, that’s not your fault.
What do you mean by that, my lord?
Oh, our moon is now eclipsed, and it’s only about the fall of Antony.
Oh, poor gentleman!
He’s insane, sir.
Oh, sir, I’m sand-blind.
You can’t see your way, sir.
Oh, what a heinous sin I’m having to be ashamed of being my father’s child!
What’s this noise?
Oh, what trouble did I have for you?
Why?
Oh, for both of you, Edward and Clarence!
Oh, Iago, what should I do to win my lord back?
Please, don’t work so hard now.
It did.
Oh, that’s the day!
Oh, that’s the day!
Oh, that’s the day!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, and I’m so sorry!
Oh, gentlemen— Help, ho!—Loyal—sir, Montano— Help, masters!—Here’s a good watch!
Oh, good Cassio!
Oh, good gentleman!
I’ll not burden you, good Kate, because I know you’re young and light— Too light for a swain as you can catch, and yet as heavy as my weight should be.
Oh, he’s fainting!
Alas, he’s been trayed and I’m retreated.
Alas, he’s too young.
How can I answer this bloody deed?
Alas, I’m the mother of these griefs.
Alas, I hate myself more than hate myself for hateful deeds committed by myself.
I sent Dromio to redeem you, who came in grabs for it.
I took great pains to study it, and it’s poetic.
Iago, my lord has thrown her so despite and heavyly on her, that true hearts can’t bear it.
Malvolio, this is not my writing, though, I confess, I’m much like the character.
Oh, my liege, my wife is dead tonight.
Oh, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.
Oh, poor caitiff!
Oh, poor country!
Oh, poor ghost!
Oh, poor Harry of England!
Alas, poor hurt fowl, now he’ll creep into sedges.
Oh, poor rogue, I think she loves me.
Oh, poor Romeo!
I’ve found my own wounds, poor shepherd.
She’s been chased from France too long, and her husbandry is lying on heaps, causing her to be ill.
Oh, sir, be patient.
I have bills for money from Florence, and I have to deliver them here.
Oh, they’re so old, to die even when they grow to perfection!
Oh, the storm is coming again!
But my love may be called appetite, no motion of the liver, but the palate, who suffers from cloyment, and revolt.
Well, then she’s drowned.
Oh, you’ve misconstrued everything!
Oh, we came aboard too soon.
What’s that cry?
What danger will we be to travel so far, as if we were the Maids as we are?
What does this gentleman think?
What kind of ignorant sin have I committed?
What’s the matter?
Who knows?
Why are you so gnawing?
Why would you heap this attention on me?
You don’t know.
Oh, no!
You deserve praise, true applause, and love, but now the duke’s condition is that he misunderstands all you’ve done.
Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his cholers and his moods and his displeasures and his indignations, and even
Alexas!
You’re alive in triumph—and Mercutio’s dead!
All your blessed secrets, all your unpublished virtues of the earth, come back with my tears.
All the sailors were plung in the foaming brine and left the vessel, then all afire with me.
All except Metellus Cimber, and he’s gone to find you at your house.
All of you come to this?
You can give all comfort in the dark night to your person, noble father-in-law.
All dead.
All the gossip, with Pindarus his bondman on this hill.
All eyes!
All for our advantage.
We’re not here for your pleasure.
All hail, great master!
All hail, Macbeth!
All hell will stir for this.
Everything is just toys.
All this is confirmed, my lord.
All is lost!
It’s not good.
Everything is fear, and nothing is love, as little is wisdom, where the flight is against all reason.
All lost!
All could be good enough.
All may be good, but if God sorts it out, it’s more than we deserve or I expect.
All men call you a fickle man.
I hope all men live as they do.
All men’s faces are true, what they’re doing.
All my pretty ones?
All my reports are based on the modest truth, and neither more, nor clipped, but so.
I’m all alone?
We all have reason to wail the dimming of our shining star, but none of us can help our harms by wailing them.—Mame, my mother, I cry you mercy; I didn’t see
All the offices are open, and there’s a full freedom to feast from five to eleven o'clock.
All other devils who suggest treason do botch and scold up damnation with patches, colors, and forms being fetched from glisting semblances of piety.
I’ll stop all ports.
All right.
Friendship of schooldays, innocence of childhood?
I can send out plenteous tears to drown the world, because I’m governed by the watery moon.
All strange and terrible events are welcome, but we’re afraid.
All of us take their hands.
All those who follow their noses are led by their eyes, but blind men, and there’s no one in twenty who can smell him stinking.
All that glisters are not gold— You’ve heard that often.
I have to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon, I, the man in the moon, this thornbush, my thornbush, and this dog, my dog.
I’ll tell you all that the duke has sat there.
All the word is spoken is ruined.
I’ll entertain all who served Brutus.
All the better.
All the conspirators, except he did, were jealous of great Caesar.
The whole East, say you will call her mistress.” He nodded, and soberly mounted an arm-gaunt steed, who neighed so high that what I would have said was beastly dumb
All the Arabian perfumes won’t sweeten this little hand.
All the pictures that are the most beautiful are black to Rosalind.
His wits have given way to his impatience.
The whole world wants her.
The whole world is a stage, and all the men and women are just actors.
You’re all right.
All these old witnesses—I can’t err—tell me you’re my son Antipholus.
Everything is ready if our minds are so.
All things in common should be produced without sweat or effort.
Everything will be good.
Everything that is, is more chastized than enjoyed.
I can’t believe all this amazement until I’ll tell you a lot about Hero’s death.
All this is done on the day?—Edmund, what’s going on?
All this is done, and you’ll get back to Pompey’s porch, where you’ll find us.
All this is comforting news.
All this is true, but what about it, my lord?
My sister is all this, or else she should be.
All this”?
All three of us are married now in a moment.
All three of them are desperate.
All your other titles you’ve given away that you were born with.
Is it all your tediousness, ah?
All this trouble, wonder, and amazement is in here.
All the Moor is defective in.
I’ll be praying for you all the time before the gods.
All that we’re pineing for now.
Everything will be good.
I’ll meet you all with you so I can make it fit.
All-seeing heaven, what a world this is!
All, all.
All right?
It’s just a naughty thing.
It’s a terrible thing.
It’s still as hushed as midnight.
It’s all one.
All right, sweetening, come to bed.—I’ll be your surgeon.
All’s well.
I’m almost afraid to know itself.
It’s almost morning, which is what.
I was alone, it was the subject of my theme.
Along with them they brought one Pinch, a hungry, lean-faced villain, a mere anatomy, a mountebank, a juggler, and a fortune-teller, a needy
King Lewis the Tenth, who was the sole heir to the usurper Capet, couldn’t keep quiet in his conscience, wearing the crown of France, until he satisfied that fair Queen Isabel, his grandmother, was the
Although I hate her, I won’t harm her.
Even though I’m happy with you, I’m not happy with this contract tonight.
Am I a coward?
Am I a married man or a bachelor?
Am I coming near you now?— Welcome, gentlemen!
Am I Dromio?
Am I in heaven, in heaven, or in hell?
Am I in France?
Am I like such a man?
Am I myself?
Isn’t she a better man than me?
I’m not staying for, Cinna?
Isn’t that what I’m waiting for?
Am I not wise?
Am I that name, Iago?
Am I the reason for these tears, my lord?
Am I your bird?
Am I your man?
I’m Christopher Sly, old Sly’s son of Burton Heath, by birth a peddler, by education a cardmaker, by transmutation a bearherd, and now by profession a
Amn’t I your Rosalind?
Amaze the welkin with your broken staves—
Ambassadors from Harry King of England want to admit to your Majesty.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
Amen to that, sweet powers!
Amen, amen to that fair prayer, say I.
Amen, amen.
Amen, if you love her, because the lady is very worthy of her.
Amen, let’s go.
Amen, with all my heart.
Amen!
Amen.
Amen.
It must be brave, because I hate politics.
If it were to me, I’d be mad at it.
An abominable monster!
An adder did it, because you serpent, never stung an adder.
An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
An apple, cleft in two, is not more twin than these two creatures.
An eagle, madam, is not as green, as quick, as a man is.
An Englishman?
An evil soul who is a holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek, a good apple rotten at the heart.
If he did, it would be a scold to hang him.
If he says anything against me, I’ll take him down, if he were lustier than he is, and twenty such Jacks.
He’s an honest man, and he hates the slime that sticks to filthy deeds.
He’s honest and clear, and he’s going to speak truthfully.
It’s best to tell a truth.
If I don’t— Come on, let’s see the event.
If I had been a man of any occupation, if I hadn’t taken him at a word, I’d go to hell among the rogues.
If I can hide my face, let me play Thisbe too!
If I could live to see you marry once, I have my wish.
If I were so apt to fight like you, anyone would buy the basic wage of my life for an hour and a quarter.
If he’s not fought with him, my lord, let’s not live in France.
If he hears you, you’ll anger him.
Is it any offense, sir?
If I could, what should I get from that?
If the wind blows any way from shore, I won’t harbor tonight in this town.
If they live, I hope I don’t need to worry.
If you could, you couldn’t make him live.
If you plead as well for them as I can say “nay” to you, then we’ll make it a happy issue.
If your wife isn’t a madwoman, and you know how well I deserve the ring, she wouldn’t hold out the enemy forever for giving it to me.
An interlude!
I’m a very welcoming person, but I think it’s right modest.
If it hadn’t fallen flat long.
Tell me, how is your cousin?
A oath of sanity will be made, and the fury will abate.
An oath, an oath, I have an oath in heaven.
An old Italian fox is not so kind, my boy.
If you want your Majesty, let his neck answer for it, if there is any martial law in the world.
Please, Brakenbury, you can take care of anything we say.
If the duke hadn’t given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I’ll be hanged.
If there’s any matter of weight chances, call me.
If they aren’t, let them hang themselves in their own straps.
If they take it, then.
If you had been set up for that question, you’d well deserved it.
If you let it go, Sir Andrew, you’d never draw a sword again.
If you make a bunch of jokes about us, you’ll hear nothing but discords.
An illegal kiss!
If we don’t, it’s a pity of our lives.
If you’re mine, I’ll give you to my friend.
If you lie, sir, we’ll have you whipped.
If you love me, let’s do it.
If you part of that, my mistress, I’d never draw a sword again.
If you don’t want to be able to answer your questions, I have to die.
If your ladyship wants it to be as good as it should be, you have to give a pity, read your right thoughts.
You can’t please your Honor, players who offer service to your Lordship.
If you’re not your Majesty, it’s the gage of one I should fight with, if he’s alive.
What’s this man doing?
And it’s great pity that the noble Moor could be a danger to his own life with a sanity.
And a necklace, you wore one time, about his neck.
And a good soldier too, lady.
And a goose for his discretion.
And a true lover of the holy Church.
And then he came so sad away?
And for nothing— For Hecuba!
And all my armor was put in my tent?
And all my children?
And it’s all better for the maid.
And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, the object and the pleasure of my eyes, is only Helena.
I’m revenged.
And a bad singer, my lord.
And another storm is coming, I hear it sing in the wind.
And aren’t you my husband?
And scolde you, witch, scolde you!
And you’ve changed?
And are you living, Stephano?
And as I said, go with me to my house, and I’ll bring you to hear my lord speak.
And as I wooed for you to get her, I’ll join you to shame her.
And as our vineyards, fallows, meads, and hedges grow to wildness, as our houses and our children have lost or not learn to learn for a long time the sciences that should become our country,
And as he grows older, his mind is squeezing.
And ask no other dowry with her except such a dowry.
And when she was here late, she gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks to noble Edmund.
And I’m bad enough to bury my love.
And be a happy mother by the act.
And are all traitors doing so?
And be assured you’ll find a difference, as we’ve found out about his sanity, between the promises of his greener days and the ones he masters now.
And don’t be fooled to our demands.
And don’t be jealous of me, gentle Brutus.
And asked him to pardon?
And Benedick is not the unhopefulest husband I know.
And ask her to come here.
And I’m quick, good mother, because I’m in a hurry.
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
And if I’m not fooled, Signior Baptista may remember me in Genoa, where we were lodgers at the Pegasus, almost twenty years ago.
And if my noble Moor is true of mind and made of no baseness as jealous creatures are, it would be enough to put him into ill thinking.
And by all means, encourage the youth to get a reply.
And by how much she wants to do him good, she will undo her credit with the Moor.
And Caesar will go out.
And didn’t I come to comfort you last night?
And can you get out of him without a scolding of anger why he’s causing this confusion, grating so harshly all his quiet days with a scolding and dangerous lunacy
Cassio was killed!
And Cassius too.
And come with naked swords.
And are you coming with “knocking at the gate”?
And come with me, and bring Messala with you, immediately to us.
And he cries, “Tarry, my cousin Suffolk.
And cross-gartered?
And death, not Romeo, take my bridehead!
And I didn’t leave here in rage?
And she scolded me there?
And didn’t they put on my brows this wreath of victory and asked me to give it to you?
And did they ask you to tell her about it, madam?
And did you leave him in this contemplation?
And did you see the handkerchief?
And die in music.
And that’s what happened?
And died that day, when Viola died from her birth thirteen years ago.
And what’s the sex of a man?
And do it with all your heart.
And still do, by these pickers and stealers.
And have you strew flowers in Pompey’s way now?
And is it a breed of affection?
And she won’t doubt her, but she’ll excuse why the doors are closed against you.
And earthly power is like God’s grace when mercy seasons justice.
And if I take this charm from her sight—I can take it with another herb—I’ll make her render her page to me.
And I love you the more for that.
And now, but now, this house, these servants, and this same myself are yours, my lord’s.
And if he shakes me off to beg me to divorce me, I’ll always love him.
And every object that could make me fear misfortune to my ventures out of doubt would make me sad.
And she is, if my eyes are true.
And fair words to them.
And false.
And I’m sure I’m alone to be a felicitate for your dear highness’s love.
And he fixed his eyes on you?
And for Cassio, let me be his spokesman.
And for his cowardly attitude, ask Fabian.
And for his dreams, I wonder he’s so simple to trust the mockery of unquiet slumbers.
And because I know she enjoys music, music, and poetry, I’ll keep my house full of schoolmasters who will teach her youth.
And for my own part, I wouldn’t laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.
And for my love, I beg you to not wrong me.
And for my reason, I’ll eat them so well, they’ll go far with little.
And for my name of George begins with the idea that I am him.
And for my sister and her princely sons, be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood, which, as you know, must be spilt in unjust fashion.
And for what I promised you, I’ll be as good as my word.
And for the Jew’s bond he has with me, don’t let it be your love.
And for the better assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver.
And for the rest of the fleet, which I dispersed, they all have reunited again and are on the Mediterranean float, Bound sadly home for Naples, supposing that they saw the 
And for the sake of them you’re sad for, do me the favor to dilate at full what has happened between you and them until now.
And for their sake, let this acceptance take place in your fair minds.
And for three months.
And friends with Caesar.
And now I’m going to make sure all these doubts are resolved.
And from now on, when you’re over-earning with your Brutus, he’ll think your mother’s a scolding and leave you so.
And from her womb we’re sucking on her natural bosom, many for many virtues excellent, none but for some and yet all different.
And I’m so glad you’ve been there.
And God forbid, my dear and faithful lord, that you fashion, wrest, bow, or bow your reading, or nicely charge your understanding soul with opening titles miscreated, whose right doesn’t suit in
And golden Phoebus will never be seen from the eyes so royal again!
And good monsieur, don’t break the honey bag.
And have you challenged me?
And he has given up his speech with almost all the holy vows of heaven.
And don’t we have affections, desire for sport, and frailty, as men have?
And you have mercy too!
And after we brought our treasure to where we want, we take him down his load and turn him off, like an empty ass, to shake his ears and graze in commons.
And he told us to go to the temple.
And he’s a paramour for a sweet voice.
And the man who has commanded is our king.
And if he doesn’t follow Bourbon now, let him go, and with his cap in hand, like a base pander, hold the door, while he’s contaminated by a slave, no
And he’s gone.
And her sister is poisoned by her.
And here are I, and wood in this wood, because I can’t meet my Hermia.
And here he stands.
And here I stand, both to impeach and purge, condemning myself and excused myself.
And here’s much Orlando.
And here’s my mistress.
And here’s all your state: either go away before the watch is set, or hide from the sun.
And here will rest me.
And here’s a wonderful place for our rehearsal.
And here’s another, whose sane looks proclaim what she’s making of her heart.
And here’s another, write in my cousin’s hand, stol'n from her pocket, containing her affection for Benedick.
And his father too.
And his kissing is as sanctious as the touch of holy bread.
And his jealousy is a mistake.—How are you, lieutenant?
And how are you doing?
And how are you going here?
And how do you feel about your own good fortune?
And how is she?
And how are you, Master Touchstone, living this shepherd?
And how long is that, do you think?
And how did that get started?
I don’t know how you can be transformed, but I think you look like other women.
And I am Brutus, Marcus Brutus, I!
And I’m sick when I don’t look at you.
And if my hair tickles me, I’ll scratch.
And I’m witnessing her doing it.
And I’m your Rosalind.
And I’m so tired of disasters, tugged with fortune, that I’d give my life any chance to do it or get rid of it.
And I’m another.
And I love Hastings with my heart.
And I beg you to come back tomorrow.
And I beg you to visit my too much changy son immediately.
And I believe your Majesty doesn’t take any scorn to wear the leek on Saint Tavy’s day.
And I hope good days and long to see.
And I know that they’re waiting for me in Pompey’s porch.
And I don’t doubt that they say, “It’s a sweet comedy.” No more words.
And I think she’s thirty.
And I think—or else this brain of mine isn’t as sure as it used to be—that I’ve found the cause of Hamlet’s lunacy.
And I’m resolving her with a love eye.
And I for Ganymede.
And I don’t want to be a woman.
And I for Rosalind.
And I’ve been to avoid him all day.
And I’ve built two chantries where the sad and solemn priests sing still for Richard’s soul.
And I’ve heard Apollodorus carry— What, please?
And I’ve met a gentleman who promised me to help me to another musician, who instructed our mistress.
And I have reason for it.
And I’m not ready to go.
And I don’t know what’s going on in the search.
And I know, my lord, if law, authority, and power don’t deny it, it’ll go hard with poor Antonio.
And I’m mine.
And I must be away from here!
And then I must go to the sea to send me wheat to Rome.
And I pray God give them a fair departure.
And please tell me, for which of my bad things did you fall in love with me first?
And I remember the kissing of her batler, and the cow’s dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked.
And I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her, from whom I took two cods and gave her them again, crying, “Wear these for my sake.” We who are true lovers run into strange
And I’m helping the fairy queen to dew her orbs on the green.
And I will love you.
And I trow this is his house.
And I was going to your house, Cassio.
And I’ll purge your mortal grossness so that you’ll go like a sane spirit.—Peaseblossom, Cobweb, Moth, and Mustardseed!
And I’ll sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke.
And I’m with him.
And I wish I could find out that I had no hard heart, because I really don’t love anyone.
And I’m satisfied, and I’m well paid.
And if I were apt and willing to rest, a thousand deaths would die.
And I, my lord.
And I, my royal sovereign.
And I.
And I.
And I’ll be wise here and seek out grace.
And I’ll go to bed at noon.
And I’ll sleep.
And I’ll stay, to have you forget, forgeing any other home except this.
And if I can’t, I’ll find those who can.
And if it doesn’t work well, you can conceal her, as well as conceal her wounded reputation, in some reclusive and religious life, out of all eyes, tongues, minds, and injuries.
And if it’s true, as you do, please, keep me in my purse, my person, my extremest means, and Lie all over your days.
And if he doesn’t deserve it on earth, he shouldn’t come to heaven.
And if you’re a king of mountains, let them throw millions of acres on us, till our ground is sung against the burning zone, make Ossa like a wart!
And if your poor servant can only beg one favor at your gracious hand, you’ll confirm his happiness forever.
And if our navy survives tomorrow, I have a total hope that our landmen will stand up.
And if you leave me like that, you’re wrong.
And if you wronged us, shouldn’t we be revenge?
And if your love can work in a sad way, hang her an epitaph on her tomb and sing it to her bones.
And in the same way as in the same assemblies.
And in good time here comes the sweating lord.
And in good time, the lieutenant comes.—Meister Lieutenant, please, by your permission, how are the prince and my young son of York?
And in good time, here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke.
And in part he, but,” you may say, “not well.
And in the morning and in the morning of young men, deadly blasts are imminent.
And I’ll bring you to your ship and so to Naples, where I hope to see the wedding of these dearly loved ones, and then I’ll go back to Milan, where every third thought will be my grave.
And we’ll both fly to Belmont early in the morning.
And I’m sure Lorenzo isn’t aboard their ship.
And in this way, I became my father with his bleeding rings, their precious stones lost, and became his guide, led him, begged for him, and saved him from despair.
And indeed, from our achievements, even if they were performed at height, it’s the marrow and the sleeve of our reputation.
And indeed, my lord, the wretched animal heaved such groans that their groans sped up his leathern coat almost to bursting, and the big round tears slowed
And isn’t it damning to let this canker of our nature come into further evil?
And is he a man who wants to meet Tybalt?
And isn’t it good served as a sweet goose?
And is it physically possible to walk unbracened and suck up the humor of the morning?
And is it that?
And isn’t the grease of a mutton as wholesome as the sweat of a man?
And it’s marveling he’s out of his hour, because lovers run before the clock.
And it’s very sad, Brutus, that you don’t have any mirrors that will turn your hidden worth into your eyes so you can see your shadow.
And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train to look at the wild forests.
And joy comes well in such a difficult time.
And now you know it: the senate has decided to give the mighty Caesar a crown today.
And he put the love juice on some true love’s sight.
And Launcelot, you’ll see Lorenzo soon at supper.
And by law, the Jew may claim a pound of flesh to be cut off by him near the merchant’s heart.—Be merciful.
And leave you out?
And leave us, Publius, so that the people who rush on us should do some mischief in your age.
And let her speak of me before her father.
And let him hold his fingers like this, and Pyramus and Thisbe will whisper through that cranny.
And let him ply his music.
And let his knights have colder eyes among you.
And let my liver heat with wine rather than my heart cool with mortifying groans.
And don’t let anyone do this except us, the doers.
And let our hearts, like subtle masters, stir up their servants to a rage and then appear to chide them.
And let the wise man fly.
And let those who play your clowns speak no more than they are set up for them.
And let’s do it without any fear, no, with no more than if we heard that England was busied with a Whitsun morris-dance.
Let’s swear we’ve got our resolution.
And liegemen to the Dane.
And look for it to be delivered with kindness.
And when I’m king, you’ll be king of Hereford, and all the possessions of the king my brother was.
And look at a prayer book in your hand and stand between two churchmen, my lord, because I’ll make a holy descant on that ground.
Look, where Publius is coming to fetch me.
And lovers’ absences are more tedious than the dial eightscore times!
And made your other love Demetrius—who even spurned me with his foot—to call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial?
And the kings call it “love-in-idleness.” Give me that flower.
And make him break his faith with a fair gle, with Ariadne and Antiopa?
And can’t young men die as well as old?
And you can prove to yourself that you’re a master of your art.
And may I, but how?
And you can, through all the world!
And me too, Lord!
And mine a hundred and forty.
And I will.
And mine, but it’s getting worse with me.
And mine, to eke out hers.
And mine, two hundred.
And most chirurgeonly.
And most dear actors, don’t eat any onions or garlic, because we’re utterly sweet.
And most poor matters are about to reach rich ends.
And must she die for this?
And must they all be hanged, who swear and lie?
And my heart too.
And my help.
And my trust, like a good parent, was a falsely false in its contrary, as great as my trust was, which had no limit, and no bound.
And neigh, bark, grunt, and roar, and burn, like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.
And neither man nor master would take a savage but the two rings.
And he could never keep his part until he was willing to.
And never, since the middle summer’s spring, we’ve been on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, by a fountain, or by a rushy brook, or in the beach, dancing
And don’t jot a jot of “Tranio” in your mouth.
And nothing is still at a good level.
And now sing about the cauldron like elves and fairies in a ring, enchanting everything you put in.
Now go ahead with your story.
And now I think about it, she first told me you were insane, then came smiling, and in such forms that were presupposed here in the letter.
Now I have the boy, I’ll undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes.
And now I’ll do it.
Now I think I’m thinking about it.
Now they’re re-strouting their backward path, bearing with frank appearance their intentions toward Cyprus.
Now we’re talking about our French causes.
And now who knows, Lorenzo, whether I’m yours?
Now you know my meaning.
Now, good friends, as you are friends, scholars and soldiers, give me one poor request.
And now, please—because it’s still beating my mind—your reason for raising this storm?
Oh, you mortal engines, whose rude throats the immortal Jove’s dead clamors are counterfeit, goodbye!
And of the heat of ginger.
And of women.
And I’ll find some reason to do that.
And on the answer, he pays you as much as your feet hit the ground they step on.
And one of them is Deformed.
And only in that safe way died her brothers.
And you’re more wrong now when you’re asking me what I’m saying than if you’d scolded all I have.
And I’ll get patches to these cudgeled scars, and I swear I got them in the Gallia wars.
And pity to the general wrong of Rome—as fire drives out fire, so pity pity—has done this deed on Caesar.
And pluck the wings from painted butterflies to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes.
He’s locked himself in his room, shuts up his windows, locks out the daylight, and makes himself an artificial night.
And say besides that in Aleppo once, where a malignant and turbaned Turk beat a Venetian and translated the state, I took by the throat the circumcised dog and s
And you say that exile is not death?
And second father, this lady, makes him to me.
And did I ever seem to be like that to you?
And should I just marry hell?
And will our blood, spirited with wine, be frosty?
And we will, or some of us will be smart for it.
And will, sir.
And she’s as much in love as she is, and she’s less likely to meet her new lover anywhere.
And she can cry, sir, cry.
And she’s down at twelve.
And she’s exceedingly wise.
And she is mine, and I’m giving her all my right to do to Demetrius.
And she’s fair, I love her.
And she’s obedient, as you say, obedient, very obedient.—Proceed you in your tears.—I’m commanded home to do this.—Get away, I
And since the fight won’t bear any color for what he is, it’s time to be a logical way to say that what he is is, augmented, would run to these and these extremities.
And since you know you can’t see yourself as well as by reflection, I’ll be able to find out what you’re not aware of.
And smelt so?
And so, good madam.
And so, sir.
And I am for no woman.
And so am I for Rosalind.
And so am I revenged.—That would be scanned.
And I am, because I’m obligated to call young Claudio to a reckoning for it.
And so did I.
And so do I, lieutenant.
And so do I.
And mine.
And so will Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, and so will happen to some men who think themselves as safe as you and I, who, as you know, are dear to princely Richard and Buckingham.
And so far I’m glad it did, as I’m a sport like this.
And so far I’ve proved my actions so far, that I’ve snorted an Athenian’s eyes.
And so farewell.
Goodbye, Signior Lucentio.
And goodbye.—Katherina, you can stay, because I have more to share with Bianca.
And so good morning to you every one of you.
And so did I, but for the sake of fashion, I thank you too for your society.
Mine did.
And so have I addressed me.
And so he fell.
And so he goes to heaven.
And I am, I am.
And so I’ll catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter end, and she must be blind too.
And so in me, and so, I think, in all.
That’s true, and it’s very well discharged.
And so it is.
And so it is.
And so he is, my gracious madam.
And so of men.
And so perchance can he be.
And then return to you, and nothing else?
And so say I.
And so she did.
And so she does, cousin.
And so I swear.
And so the lion disappeared.
And so they are.
And so they sat down.
And so we will, if he wins her.
And so will I.
And so will I.
And so, goodbye.
And so, God be with him!
And so, good Capulet—which is the name I’m tender as dearly as my own—will be satisfied.
And so, his knell is snuck.
And so, please, call Beatrice.
And so, my lord, adieu.
And so, without any money at all and a little more wit, return to Venice again.
And so, without any more circumstance, I’m sure we’ll shake hands and part.
And some have greatness thrust on them.” Heaven restore you!
And sometimes she’s tickling a pig’s tail, tickling a parson’s nose as he sleeps, and then he dreams of another good.
And when she drinks, I bob her lips and pour the ale on her withered dewlap.
And smothering the sand in the sea, bring forth more islands.
And speak it again, my lord.
And speak parrot?
And squabbling?
And be indebted over and above, in love and service to you evermore.
And stay, good Nurse.
And to make the loss so dear that I can make it much weaker than you can comfort me, because I’ve lost my daughter.
And take good note of what Caesar does, what suitors press to him.
And tell me, dear friend, what happy gale do you have here from old Verona?
And tell the Dauphin his wit will savor only when thousands of people cry more than they laughed at it.
And the terms are compulsive, the land that was lost by his father.
And the thane of Cawdor too: did it not work?
And those distilled by magic sleights will raise such artificial sprites as they will draw him to confusion.
And that I am he, let me show it in this way: that I was constant Cimber should be banished, and that he’s still alive.
And that’s Claudio.
And that’s what I’m going to consider most deeply is the beauty of his daughter.
And he’s hurling on you for false forswearing and murdering.
And that would be enough to hang us all.
And if he were so much, he would, because he was given to sports, wildness and company.
And if I sleep or eat, it would be deadly sickness or else death.
And that’s what you want me to do!
And that’s just unwholesome food, they say.
And that’s true too.
And the best thing about me is diligence.
And the business you’ve done here can’t be without you, especially the business of Cleopatra’s, which is entirely dependent on your home.
And the creature ran away from the curfew?
And I think the hour is coming to give him a hearing.
And the queen too, and that is now.
And the rarest people who came here.
And the tears of it are wet.
And their tongues rot, which speak against us!
And then came Pyramus.
And then give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
And then he pulled a dial from his poke and, looking at it with a lackluster eye, says wisely, “It’s ten o'clock.
And then he offered it the third time.
And then the boy, his clerk, who took some pains in writing, begged me.
And then the justice, in a fair round belly with a good capon lined, with eyes severe and beard of formal cut, full of wise saws and modern instances; and so he plays his part.
And then the moon, like a silver bow, will behold the night of our solemnity.
And then, as we’ve sat in the sacrament, we’ll unite the white rose and the red.
And then, I hope, you’ll be satisfied.
And then, sir, does he this, he does— What was I about to say?
And then?
And then we’ll go away from Athens to find new friends and strangers.
And there’s some other horrible form of nonsense that could deprive you of your right to reason and make you mad?
And there’s a man who’s coming from a fifth, the Prince of Morocco, who’s telling the prince that his master will be here tonight.
And she’ll be married at Friar Lawrence’s cell.
And there the snake throws her skin out, weed enough wide to wrap a fairy in.
And there were a hundred ghastly women, dressed with their fear, who swore they saw men in fire walk up and down the streets.
So it’s called a sensible tale.
So give it a welcome as a stranger.
So hurry away, because we have to measure twenty miles today.
So is he idle?
So, love is said to be a child, because he chooses to be so ill.
So Cupid is painted blind.
So tell me, dear Katherine, will you have me?
So I’ll come.
So, good Grumio, I’ll tell you the news.
So please, tell me, news.
So she’ll be placated in my constant soul like herself—wise, fair and true.
So since I can’t prove a lover to entertain these fair-spoken days, I’m determined to prove a villain and hate the idle pleasures of these days.
And it came to that man that he was insane.
She’s asking for warnings and threats and imminent evils, and on her knee she’s begged me to stay at home today.
And these little precepts in your memory look like you’re character.
And they’re gone.
And they’ve been grand-jurymen since Noah was a sailor.
And they’ve conspired together.
And those who are most disgusted by my foolishness must laugh.
And this cuff was just to knock at your ear and beg you to see what’s going on.
And this may help to thicken other proofs that show little.
And this life, exempt from public haunts, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in everything.
And this report has exasperated the king so much that he’s ready for some war.
And this is the result of our debate, from our dissension.
And you’ve done well in this way.
And this is Metellus Cimber.
And that’s it.
And I’ll go straight to visit him.
And those who leave their valiant bones in France, buried in your dunghills, will be famous for their braveness.
And you must make a dullard of the world if they didn’t think the profits from my death were very pregnant and potential spirits would make you seek it.” Oh, a strange and fastened villain!
And you’re not in the mood for any place except hell.
And you, all-shaking thunder, smit the thick rotundity of the world, crack nature’s molds, and all germens spill at once that make a sane man!
And even though I’m making this marriage for my peace, I’m in the East.
And even though she’s only little, she’s fierce.
And even though we’re giving this man these honors to ease ourselves from slanderous charges, he’ll only bear them as the ass bears gold, to groan and sweat under the business, either led
And even though you know my love and inwardness are very close to the Prince and Claudio, I’ll do this secretly and justly as your soul should with your body.
And they thought Margaret was Hero?
So he’ll be able to do it for a while.
That’s what it may be.
And so she says, videlicet— What do you mean, my love?
And so your fall has left a blot to mark the frightened man and bestowed with some suspicion.
And your father was Duke of Milan, and you were his only heir and princess.
And until she comes, as true as I am to heaven I confess the slanders of my blood to your grave ears so justly I’ll tell you how I did thrive in this fair lady’s love and in my love
And until she shed tears for you like a flood ruined her beautiful face, she was the fairest creature in the world—and yet she is inferior to none.
And time is at his peak.
And I’m afraid I’m not in my perfect mind.
And to run away from the Jew, I should be ruled by the fiend, who, saving your reverence, is the devil himself.
And to see how he treats the foolish woman your wife!
And to sink in it, should you burst in love— Too much oppression for a tender thing.
And to that end, we wished your Lordship would avoid the carping world.
And to that end, sir, I’ll welcome you.
And to that point, the athenian law can’t pursue us.
And too soon are those who made it so early.
Trinculo is reeling ripe.
And she is, as she has proved herself.
And trust me, love, you do.
And the sun turns to the shade.
And twenty of these lies I’ll tell you, that men will swear I’ve been deprived of school for more than a twelve month period.
And unrespective boys.
And were you trying to scold you with a swine and rogues forlorn in a short and musty straw?
And we thought it was our duty to tell you about it.
And we mean well in going to this mask, but it’s not a good idea to go.
And we understand him well, how he comes to us with our wilder days, not how we used them.
And we’ll hear it.
And we’ll change your wages.
And we’ll go straight away, like friends.
And we’ll ship there.—Would you, fair sister, go with the princes or stay here with us?
And we’ll wear out in a walled prison of great ones that ebb and flow by the moon.
And now you cry, seeing she’s up above the clouds, as high as heaven itself?
And welcome is more common, because that’s nothing but words.
And welcome, welcome!
And if the king were on it, what would I do?
And what do you dare to do for us?
And what are you doing, idol ceremony?
And what do you have with the traitors who have been snuck into the kingdom?
And what do I have to give you back, whose worth may counterpoenase this rich and precious gift?
And what are kings that privates haven’t too, except ceremony, except general ceremony?
And what hope is that, please?
And what’s this noise?
And what about all this?
And what about him, Tranio?
And what about him?
And what other oath than honesty is owed to honesty, that this will be, or we’ll fall for it?
And what did he say?
And what did Surrey say then?
And what do you say to my love?
And what does my hidden lady say to our canceled love?
And what should I do in Illyria?
And what they might incite him to, being apt to have his ear abused, is that wisdom is afraid.
And what do you mean?
And what will you do now?
And what will you do—beg when that’s spent?
And what your Highness suffered under that shape, I beg you to take it for your own fault and not mine, because if you were as I took you for, I wouldn’t have made any offense.
And what’s the man who says I’m the villain?
And what’s her history?
And what’s the news, cousin Lodovico?
And what’s going on from my despising time is bitterness.
And whatever else will happen tonight, give it a sense, but not a tongue.
And when are you going to leave?
And when he saw my best spirits, scolded in the fight’s right, roused to the encounter, or ghasted by the noise I made, he suddenly fled.
And when I do, I swear it will be Romeo, whom you know I hate, rather than Paris.
And when I have my sword, I’ll go away, because this will go away, and then I won’t stay.
And when I’m stolping on these sons-in-law, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
And when I’m holding my hand, do the same, to fall it on Gonzalo.
And when I die, take him and cut him out in tiny stars, and he’ll make the face of heaven so fine that the whole world will be in love with night and not worship the sun.
And when I told you he was a good man, you cried “Indeed?” And you sat and pursed your brow together as if you had shut up your brain with some horrible conceit.
And when do you want to say that?
And when will you see him again?
And when she’s froward, peevish, sullen, sour, and not obedient to his honest will, what is she like to be a rebel and a graceless traitor
And when she put it on, she made me vow that I won’t sell it, give it, or lose it.
And when she speaks, isn’t it a sad thing to love?
And when she weeps, she weeps every little flower, blaming some chastity.
And when she left now, “Let this fellow be looked at.” “Fellow!” Not “Malvolio,” nor after my degree, but “fellow.” Why, everything is a single thing, that there is
And when that time comes, make me mock, don’t pity me, as I won’t pity you until that time.
And when the blue lightning appeared to open the breast of heaven, I showed myself in the aim and flash of it.
And when the mind is quickened out of doubt, the organs, even though they’ve been dead before, break up their drowsy grave and move slowly, with a slough and a fresh 
And when did he want to wash his face?
And when you do them— Cassius, be content.
And when your honors mean to solemnize the deal of your faith, I beg you to marry me too.
And where the worser is predominant, death soon kills that plant.
And where’s Cordelia?—Do you see this object, Kent?
Why are you gentle, strong, and valiant?
And why does Lysander refuse to love you, so rich in his soul, and tender me, forsooth, affection, but by setting on, by your consent?
And while you’re a man of plain and uncoined constancy, dear Kate, you’re taking a fellow who’s always a good man, because he doesn’t have the gift to woo
And who is England’s king but great York’s heir?
Why not wait a minute?
Why should Caesar be a tyrant then?
And why, my Lady Wisdom?
And why, sir, do they have to?
And will she still look at me, who shook the golden prime of this sweet prince and made her widow to a miserable bed?
And will you give me permission?
And will you rent our ancient love asunder to join men in slandering your poor friend?
And will you be married under a bush like a beggar?
And do you want to have me?
And wished to see you cross-gartered.” Cross-gartered?
And with my hand, I’m sure I’ll love you.
And with the juice of this I’ll streak her eyes and make her full of hateful fantasies.
And yesterday the night bird was sitting on the marketplace at noon, shrieking and choking.
And yesternight, at supper, you suddenly arose and walked around, sighing and musing, with your arms across.
And yet you’re complaining of obstruction?
And yet I see, they’re as sick as they are that they’re suffering from too much, and that they’re not hungry enough to survive.
But I’m wrong to think about it, because you’re framed by the truth of valor.
And yet I only wish for what I have.
And yet I wouldn’t be you, uncle.
And yet it’s dangerous to make him even more prone to losing his time.
But it isn’t, it is.
And yet my sky will not want.
And yet it’s not far from a bird, who lets it hop a little from his hand like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, and plucks it back with a silky
And yet it doesn’t matter.
And yet she’ll kneel and pray, I’ve seen her do it.
And yet you’ll help me out of fighting!
And yet to win her, the whole world has to be destroyed!
And yet I swear by the screams of malice, I’m not that I’m playing.
But to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together today.
And a tall barking
And then, Caesar.
And you all know, security is mortals’ chief enemy.
And you’re coming in very happy time to bear my greeting to the senators and tell them that I won’t come today.
And you’re well met, Signior Hortensio.
And you’re on land.
And you’re on land.
And you have to cut this flesh from his breast.
And you’ll be satisfied.
And you’ll speak in the same pulpit where I’m going, after my speech has ended.
And you too, gentle Hero?
And you too, sir.
And you, fair sister.
And you, good sir.
And you, good yeoman, who made limbs in England, show us the mud of your pasture.
And you, sir, for this necklace arrested me.
And you, sir.
And you, sir.
And you, sir.
And you.
And your experience makes you sad.
And now your horse would make him an ass.
And your reports have set the murder on.
And you give Helena to me, who I love and will do until my death.
And as he fell, Romeo turned and flew.
And, as I am an honest Puck, if we have unarned luck now to escape the serpent’s tongue, we’ll make some changes a long time later.
And as the jest looked away from me, it’s ten to one that killed you two completely.
And, as you are, I’ve dispersed them in troops to keep them in the island.
And, as you said (and was it wisely said), it’s important to see that some more people than a mother—because nature makes them partial—should listen to the speech, from vantage.
And, after you’ve done it, Wall’s going away.
And being men, with the will of Caesar, it will inflame you, it will make you crazy.
And, for the sake of ceremony, such a wretch, winding up days with toil and nights with sleep, would have the advantage and the advantage of a king.
And Demetrius, the more you beat me, I’ll fawn on you.
And dying like that is to him.
And for his passage, the soldiers' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him.
And, because you were too delicate to act her sane and affluent command, she confined you to a cloven pine, with her more powerful ministers and her unmitigable rage,
And, friends, disperse yourself.
And, gentle friends, let’s kill him boldly, but not wrathfully.
And, gentle master, I didn’t receive any gold.
And, gentle Puck, take this transformated scalp from the head of this Athenian swain so that, if he wakes up when the other one wakes up, all of us can go back to
And good night, good boy.
And, lieutenant, I think you think I love you.
Good night, my sweet friend.
Listen!
And, honest company, thank you all, who have given me away to this patient, sweet and virtuous wife.
And I think if my breast hadn’t been made of faith and my heart of steel, she would have transformed me into a curty dog and made me turn the wheel.
And, in conclusion, she’ll watch all night, and if she’s a good friend, I’ll be arguing and scolding her with the clamor, keeping her awake.
And Kate, when France is mine and I’m yours, then France is yours and you are mine.
And, besides, God saw him when he was hid in the garden.
And, pretty fool, it sat down and said “yes.” That’s enough of that.
And tonight I’m begging you to supper.
And, sister, as the winds give benefit and convey is assistant, don’t sleep, but let me hear from you.
And, to get to what you’re like to be, cast your humble slough and appear fresh.
And you know, if he improves his skills, he’ll be able to make us all angry.
Andrew Aguecheek”
Angels and ministers of grace defend us!
Angels are still bright, even though the brightest fell.
We’ll drink a measure round the table.
Oh, yes!
When she’s revealed her golden couplets, his silence will be drooping.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Another shout!
Another Hero!
Another hit.
Another way I have to man my lord is to make her come and know her keeper’s call.
Answer as I call you.—Nick Bottom, the weaver?
Answer every man directly.
Answer me directly.
Answer me in one word.
Answer me like men.
I’ll answer my life’s judgment, your youngest daughter doesn’t love you the least, and neither are those emptyhearted who don’t listen to you.
Answer that question.
Antonio and Shylock, both of them are standing up.
Antonio is a good man.
Antonio never was a thief or a pirate, though, I confess, on ground and ground enough, Orsino’s enemy.
Antonio will be bound, well.
Antonio, as I heard in Genoa— What, what, what?
Antonio, I’m married to a wife as dear to me as life itself.
Antonio, I’m arresting you at the trial of Count Orsino.
Antonio, Oh my dear Antonio!
Antonio.
Antony told me of you, tell me to trust you, but I don’t care to be deceived, who don’t have any use for trusting.
Only Antony, that would make his will Lord of his reason.
Antony will use his affection wherever it is.
Antony, leave your savage wassails.
Any bar, any cross, any obstacle will be cured to me.
Any man who can write can answer a letter.
Any strange beast there makes a man.
Anything that’s been mended is only patched.
Anything.
Apollo plays, and twenty cagèd nightingales sing: Or are you going to sleep?
Apothecary!
Listen and listen quietly!—No tongue.
Show yourself in the same way as a sigh!
Come and speak.
Take the chamber and destroy your sight with a new Gorgon.
Take any shape except that, and my sane nerves won’t tremble.
Come on, my Ariel.
Take me, Sir Andrew.
Take it.
Are all your conquests, glories, triumphs, spoils, shrunk to this little measure?
Are his wits safe?
Are my deserts no better than mine?
Aren’t these forests more protected from danger than the envious court?
Aren’t you him?
Are our eyes our own?
Are there balances here to weigh the flesh?
Aren’t there any stones in heaven but what is the thunder?—Precious villain!
Are you talking about these things, or do I dream?
Are these wind instruments, please,?
Are they “informed” of this?
Are they all ready?
Are they good?
Are they like to take dust like Mistress Mall’s picture?
Are they married, don’t you think?
Aren’t they now on the western shore, securing the rebels from their ships?
Are they back?
Are they followed so closely?
Are those my tents where I see the fire?
Are we all here?
Are we all ready?
Are there two Romans still alive as these?
Are you a comedian?
Are you a god?
Are you a man?
Are you a married man or a bachelor?
Are you a suitor to the woman you’re talking about, yes or no?
Are you familiar with the difference that holds this question in the court?
Are you answering this question?
Are you happy to stay?
Are you crept here to see the wrestling?
Are you drawn out of a world of men to kill the innocent?
Are you fair?
Are you full of them?
Are you good men and true?
Are you him?
Are you his brother?
Are you my wife and won’t call me “husband”?
Are you native of this place?
Aren’t you a strumpet?
Aren’t you good?
Aren’t you Kent?
Aren’t you well?
Are you going to do this now?
Are you good or evil?
Are you our daughter?
Are you ready, sir?
Are you so evangelized to pray for this good man and for his issue, who has bowed you to the grave and begged you forever?
Are you so hurrying now?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure we’re awake?
Are you the lady of the house?
Are you there, wife?
Are you wise?
Are you yet determined to marry my brother’s daughter?
Are you still alive?
Are your doors locked?
Ariel, your job is exactly what you’re doing.
Get up and tell me how you came here.
Rise up, wake up, wake up the snorting citizens with the bell, or the devil will make a grandsire of you.
Get up, dissembler.
Get up, I say.
You’re not going to kneel.
Get up.
Please, please, help me to this fast voyage.
Arm, arm, my lord.
Armed, brother?
Armed, my lord.
Armed, do you say?
Arms, arms, sword, fire, corruption in the place!
Arms, take your last embrace.
Aroint you, witch!” the rump-fed runnion cries.
Arrest him, officer.
Aren’t you the Lady Olivia’s fool?
What’s this house?
Are you rich?
Are you a churchman?
Are you a man?
Are you afraid to be the same in your own act and in your own valor as you want?
Are you afeard?
You’re less happy, being feared, than they are afraid?
Are you happy, Jew?
Are you gone, love, lord?
Are you good at these sneezings, knight?
Are you his friend?
Are you really?
Have you learned something?
Are you crazy?
Are you my son?
Aren’t you Romeo, and a Montague?
Are you a Cornish crew?
Are you so wretched and wretched, and you’re afraid to die?
Are you so hurrying?
Are you a god, an angel, or a devil who makes my blood cold and my hair to stare?
Are you the slave who, with your breath, killed my innocent child?
Are you there, Diomed?
Are you so bold, man, by your distress or else a rude despiser of good manners, that you seem so empty in civility?
Are you wise?
As it’s said, the bastard son of Gloucester.
As a friend or an enemy?
As a friend.
As a walled town is more worthless than a village, the forehead of a married man is honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor.
As birds do, Mother.
As Caesar loved me, I cry for him.
You can be as sane as you can be with your sword to make me bleed.
As you always do, come in quickly to Sir John.
As far as I can go, my lord, as I’ll fill up the time for this and supper.
As for my wife, I wish you had her spirit in such another.
As freely, son, as God gave her me.
As far as a man would run for life from a bear, I would run away from her that would be my wife.
As you rise up from your graves and walk like sprites, to countenance this horror!
As good a gentleman as the emperor.
As good as you want.
As good to me as late.
As he smiles, Othello will go crazy.
As he was lucky, I’m glad about it.
As he was brave, I honor him.
As hell, Sir Topas.
As a gentleman, I’ll live to be thankful to you for it.
As honest as I am, he looks pale.—Are you sick or angry?
As an honest man, I thought you had suffered some bodily wound.
As I am Egypt’s queen, you blushest, Antony, and that blood of yours is Caesar’s homage.
As I walked down?
As I slept under this yew tree here, I dreamed my master and another fighter had fought, and that my master slew him.
As I stood my watch on the hill, I looked towards Birnam, and I thought the wood began to move.
As I see, it’s burning in the Capels’ tomb.
As I live, my honorable lord, it’s true.
As long as I have life and honor, he’ll sit there until noon.
As I intend to prosper and repent, I’m so happy in my hostile affairs!
I learned that the night before they were leaving were empty.
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I stood below, I thought his eyes were full moons.
As I suck blood, I’ll show some mercy.
As I am!
As if that name, shot from the deadly level of a gun, killed her, as if that name’s cursed hand killed her kinsman.
As if time were in debt.
As ignorant as dirt!
As it determines, I’ll die.
As it ebbs, the seedman oozes on the slime and scatters his grain, and soon comes to harvest.
As long as heaven and nature extend it.
As long as hell and Richard like it.
As love is, my lord, before it loves.
As manhood will grow.
As my eyes opened, I saw their weapons drawn.
As mine on her, as mine on her, as mine on hers, and all together, except what you must combine by holy marriage.
As much to him as I do, and his thanks are too much.
As much to my good Lord Chamberlain.
As a faithful and honorable man.
As plain as I see you now.
As proper men as ever have walked on neat leather, I’ve gone on my handiwork.
I can dispose of her immediately, as she is mine.
I’m as strange as the thing I don’t know.
As sure, my liege, as I see your Grace.
As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle— Oh Antony!—No, I’ll take you too.
You’ll feel as calm and restful as I am in my breast.
As the cony you see, she’s smothered.
As the ox has his bow, sir, the horse’s curb, and the falcon’s bells, as the man has his desires, and as pigeons bill, as wedlock would be
As the time, the place, and the situation of this country are approaching, I wish this hadn’t happened.
As they pass by, pluck Casca by the sleeve, and he will tell you what’s been done today.
As thick as the story can be, and every one of you did praise his kingdom for his great defense, and poured them down before him.
You are to yourself.
As you got Milan, I’ll come by Naples.
As a man, give me the cup.
As well as I can, madam.
I’ve brushed my mother with a feather of raven’s feathers, and I’ll drop you both!
I’m as willing as I am to come from school.
As wit and fortune will.
I’ll fling the pillow, the bolster, the coverlet, the sheets.
As woman’s love.
As old as you are reverend, you should be wise.
As you would like to pardon yourself, let your indulgence set me free.
As you look at him, Demetrius looks at you!
As you’ll tell us, praise us.
I’m as young as I am, I’ve seen these three swashers.
Ascend her room and comfort her.
Ask for me tomorrow, and you’ll find me in a grave.
Ask her forgiveness?
Don’t ask me what I know.
I don’t doubt it.
Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Help, good friends.
If you don’t have it, assume a virtue.
The thing is going to be sold.
I’m not.
I’m not.
At Crosby Place, you’ll find us both.
I’ll call every house I call.
At first and last, the hearty welcome.
The first child was born, swung and puking in the nurse’s arms.
At five o'clock I’ll receive the money for the same.
At home, my lord.
You’re in the land, indeed, and you’re letting me know of my father’s house, but since the cuckoo doesn’t build for himself, you can stay in the land as you can.
At land, you know how much we’re doing to you.
I left them in the pool beyond your cell, dancing up to your chins, so the foul lake sunk their feet.
I shook my arm with a little shaking and his head waving so far up and down, he raised a sigh so pitiful and profound that it seemed to shatter his entire body and end his being
I’m sure it may be in Denmark.
At least two glasses.
I’m at my own house, good lady.
I’m not sure I’m going to give you what I want, and I’ll die to get what I want.
I’m here.
At night we’ll feast together.
At nine o'clock we’ll meet again.
Good night, at once.
At our synagogue, Tubal.
At Pembroke, or at Ha'rfordwest in Wales.
At Sardis once, and this last night here in Philippi fields.
At sea, I think.
At seventeen years old, many of them are looking for their fortunes, but at fourscore, it’s too late a week.
At such a time, I’ll leave my daughter to him.
We’re at the duke’s oak.
At this hour, Lie at my mercy all my enemies.
At this ancient feast of Capulet’s Supps the beautiful Rosaline whom you love so much with all the admired beauties of Verona.
I’ll do whatever I want, monster.—Come on, Trinculo, let’s sing.
At your choice, sir.
At your leisure.
At your noble pleasure.
At your request!
Come with the lords of France and Burgundy, Gloucester.
Aunchient Pistol, I understand a lot about your meaning.
Authority.
Oh, you witch!—Come, Dromio, let’s go.
You scolded me!
Avail!
Don’t forget what’s going on.
Leave him alone.
Remind these brave men of war and renew their feats with your powerful arm.
Wake up, wake up!
Wake up, I say.
Wake up, sir, wake up.
Wake up!
Take me to the sweet beds of flowers.
Get out of here!
Go with him.
Get out of here!
Get out of here with the dotard!
Take the stools away, remove the stools on the courtboard, and look at the plate.
Take us to Athens.
Go away, and let me die.
Go away, and mock the time with the fairest show.
Go away, go away.
Go away, because he’s coming here!
Go away, get away.
Go away!
Go!
Go away, I beg you, both of you.
Go ahead, hurry up.
Go away, old man.
Go away, a little man!
Go away, then!
Go away, then.
Go away, Tybalt.
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Go away!
Yes, I’m detested!
Yes, it’s my husband.
Yes, I’m wretched, and I’ve been beaten up by two friends who are fighting each other!
Yes, what news do you have?
Yes, I’m!
Yes, I’m!
Yes—but not yet to die!
Yes, it’s strong, and it’s indifferent in a dun-colored stock.
Yes, it was the one who told me about her first.
Yes, a tailor, sir.
Yes, a thousand times.—Peter!
Yes, amen!
Yes, and a bold one, who dares to look at something that could kill the devil.
Yes, and a kind one too.
Yes, and he’s a subtle man, as he learned.
Yes, and just a minute.
Yes, and he’s been brought off the field.
Yes, and you die for that.
Yes, and he’ll tame her.
Yes, and I’ll give them him free of charge.
Yes, and I’ve only said what I’m planning to do.
Yes, and you and the most proud of you all will find when he comes home.
Yes, and the time seems to be thirty years old, since you’ve been left out of your bed all this time.
Yes, and this is.
Yes, and to wage this battle at Pharsalia, where Caesar fought with Pompey.
Yes, and twenty such.
Yes, and Wall too.
Yes, and wisely.
Yes, are you there?
Yes, at Philippi.
Yes, yes, the cords.
Yes, yes, three thousand ducats.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, be good Touchstone.
Yes, I’m better than him, who knows me.
Yes, Biddy, come with me.—What, man!
Yes, boy, ready.
Yes, boy.
Yes, but you can’t stand before me.
Yes, but he won’t be pacified now.
Yes, but I know— What do you know?
Yes, but not enough.
Yes, but I didn’t cry.
Yes, but not rough enough.
Yes, but the clerk who never wants to do it is only living until he is a man.
Yes, but the feet were lame and couldn’t bear themselves without the verse, and therefore stood lamely in the verse.
Yes, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Yes, but their sense is shut.
Yes, but these English are shrewdly out of beef.
Yes, but when?
Yes, but, lady, that policy may either last so long, or feed on such a nice and healthy diet, or breed itself so out of circumstances, that, if I’m absent and I’m in my place,
Yes, by heaven, my lord.
Yes, I’m still alive, and I never wanted to see you more.
Yes, I’m sure the case can be amended.
Yes, Caesar, but not gone.
Yes, Casca.
Yes, Celia, we stayed her for your sake.
Yes, Desdemona.
Yes, do you fear it?
Yes, do.
Yes, dreadful Queen.
Yes, every inch king.
Yes, every man is away.
Yes, for the state, not for Antonio.
Yes, forsooth.
Yes, gentle cousin, if it were light enough.
Yes, go on, go on.
Yes, good fool.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, he said Greek.
Yes, he was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower.
Yes, he.
Yes, his breast.
Yes, husband.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I praise God, and I’ve got some love for him.
Yes, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Yes, if a woman lives to be a man.
Yes, if I’m alive and your mind is holding and your dinner worthy of the meal.
Yes, if I know the letters and the language.
Yes, if Messala prefers me to you.
Yes, if the devil tempts you to do good.
Yes, if the fool could find it where it lies.
Yes, if you dare to make a profit and a right.
Yes, if you’re wrong in your memory.
Yes, you’re going to be men, as dogs and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, cursors, Shoughs, water-rugs, and demi-wolves are all clept
Yes, you’re doing me mischief in the temple, in the town, in the field.
Yes, indeed!
Yes, is it, I assure him.
Yes, it’s so good that I can’t tarry so long.
Yes, leeks are good.
Yes, Lepidus.
Yes, let her die and die tonight, and be damned, because she won’t live.
Yes, let the Count take you in your bed.
Yes, lord.
Yes, madam, but he’ll return again tonight.
Yes, madam, I’m out of my reach.
Yes, madam, it’s common.
Yes, madam, twenty messengers.
Yes, madam, well, because I was born and raised not three hours from here.
Yes, madam.
Yes, madam.
Yes, I am, sir.
Yes, they are, sir.
Yes, go, I say, and get him here.—Now, God, this reverend holy friar!
Yes, it’s marriage.
Yes, it’s marriage.
Yes, you must marry.
Yes, you’re a fool.
Yes, sir, now it’s starting to work.
Yes, I was, and he put it by three times, every time more gentle than any other, and at every putting-by my honest neighbors shouted.
Yes, what is he?
Yes, marry, why was he sent into England?
Yes, master.
Yes, he’s a millstone, as he taught us to cry.
Yes, I’m a good man in my mistress.
Yes, mistress, and Petruchio is the master, who has taught you eleven and twenty tricks to tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
Yes, more.
Yes, mother, but I wouldn’t have it.
Yes, my commander.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my liege, please let us know.
Yes, my lord, it’s a good idea to be.
Yes, my lord, that’s the same thing.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, my lord.
Yes, noble lord.
Yes, now I’m in Arden, the more fool I’m.
Yes, I’m honored.
Yes, I’m going to find you on his side, and then he sends you this good news, that your enemies, the kindred queen, must die at Pomfret on the same day.
Yes, on the front.
Yes, or any show you’ll show him.
Yes, or drinking, fencing, swearing, arguing, drabbing—you can go so far.
Yes, or he’s stealing his report very falsely.
Yes, I’ve gone through all surgery.
Yes, pilgrim, they have lips that they need to pray for.
Yes, sir, for three months.
Yes, sir, I have a pretty wit.
Yes, sir, I thank God.
Yes, sir, I’ve often been in Pisa, and I’ve been redeemed for grave citizens.
Yes, sir, it’s too true, God help you.
Yes, sir, the sergeant of the band; the one who brings any man to answer the question that breaks his band; the one who thinks a man always goes to bed and says, “God give you good
Yes, sir, they’re ready.
Yes, sir, we’re some of her trappings.
Yes, sir, there are a crew of wretched souls who keep his cure.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I think so.
Yes, I thought so.
Yes, sir.
Yes, we will.
Yes, he’s so humbled that he left me with a part of his grief to suffer with him.
Yes, it’s springing to catch woodcocks.
Yes, sweet Rosalind.
Yes, that’s what he did.
Yes, that he was.
Yes, Petruchio.
Yes, that’s the way.
Yes, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
Yes, here it is.
Yes, there’s the villany.
Yes, those are the best clothes.
Yes, you poor ghost, while your memory holds a seat in this distracted globe.
Yes, to a niggly host and a more sparing guest.
Yes, to me.
Yes, as long as mountains are for wind, they don’t shake, even if they blow perpetually.
Yes, too gentle.
Yes, really, because the power of beauty will transform honesty sooner from what it is to a baddened man than the power of honesty can transform beauty into his likeness.
Yes, we’re talking for two hours.
Yes, very well, my lord.
Yes, what else?
Yes, what about that?
Yes, when the special thing is well obtained, that’s her love, because that’s all in all.
Yes, widow Dido.
Yes, with a twinkling.
Yes, with Cassio.
Yes, you wish I could make her turn.
Yes, you’ve been a mouse hunter in your time, but I’ll watch you out now.
Yes, you would beg, if you were in my distress.
Yes, and don’t let anyone enter, so I won’t break your sword.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.—Goodbye, fair gentleman.
Yes, sir.
I’ll throw these treasons back to your head with the hell-hated lie that’s causing your heart to fall asleep—
You can’t go back to the house unless you’re able to do something with me, which you can do with as much security as you can.
Back, slave, or I’ll break your sword across.
The world is bad, and all will be naughty when such a bad situation is seen in the mind.
Good news, my lord.
Tell him to come back and speak with me, the one he promised.
Balm his foul head in warm, distilled water and burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet.
Banquo and Donalbain!
Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!
Banquo, if your soul finds heaven, she’ll find it tonight.
Banquo!
Baptista is a noble gentleman, to whom my father is not all unknown.
Bar Harry England, who sweeps through our land with pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur.
Barnardo has my place.
Barnardo?
Do you have my wit?
Base is the slave who pays.
You’ll die from a Trojan.
Bassanio told him he’d make some speed of his return.
Basting.
Bate, please, Dido.
Be as our gods will.
Be it.
Be a child at the same time.
Be helpful and help the good man in his distress.
If you want to be angry, it will be a good thing.
Come on, sir.
We’re going to use our hands and not our tongues.
You can.
Be attentive.
Be better at your leisure.
Be more comfortable.
Be bloody, bold, and resolute.
Be bold and take your stand.
Be brief, so that your kindness will last longer than your kindness date.
Be brisk for a while, and the longer the liver takes everything.
Be there, madam, when we wake him up.
Yes, nothing truer.
Be choked with another accent!
Be clamorous and leap all civil bounds, rather than make unprofited return.
Be able to get out of here.
Be calm, dear madam.
Be calm, madam.
Be calm and brief.
Be eloquent to her in my behalf.
Be honest about all these griefs, and I’ll go as far as anyone who goes farthest.
Be a bit frightened, fortune, then, I hope, you won’t keep him long, but send him back.
Be gentle to her.
Go away!
Be happy.
Whatever you decide privately, whether it’s for her stay or for her trip.
Be it, Lysander.
Be it.
Be Kent unprepared when Lear is mad.
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman.
Be big in the mud.
Be lion-mettled, proud, and don’t care who chafes, who’s angry, or where conspirers are.
Be merciful, great duke, to men who are moldy.
Be merciful, say “death,” because exile has more terror in his eyes than death.
Be near me so I can remember you.
Don’t be afraid.
Don’t be afraid of greatness.” It was a good idea.
Don’t be afraid, even if you see me being armed.
Don’t be afraid.
Don’t be disturbed by my infirmity.
Don’t be so bad about your thoughts.
Don’t be offended.
Don’t be so hurry to confuse my meaning.
Don’t be so.
Don’t delay yourself in a hurry.
Don’t be late.
Don’t be too tame, but let your own discretion be your tutor.
Don’t be ashamed to show, he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means.
Be cheerful, young man.
Be cheerful.
Be patient until the last minute.
Be patient, because the prize I’ll bring you to Shall wink this mischance.
Be patient, because the world is wide and wide.
Be patient, because you’ll stay with us.
Be patient, gentlemen.
Be patient.
Please tell us how we’ve sent you the offers.
Be quiet and leave.
Be quiet, people.
Be ruled by me, leave with patience, and let us go to the Tiger all to dinner, and come alone in the evening to know the reason for this strange restraint.
Be ruled by me.
Be ruled.
Be quiet.
Be quick to answer, because we know the truth.
You can’t see anything but mine and my eyes, and you can’t see anything else.
Be that you know you’re doing, and then you’re as great as you fear.
Are the Jacks in the house, the Jills in the house, the carpets laid, and everything in order?
Are these the wretches we played dice for?
Be the slur of your sword.
You’re a man who’s a good health person or a goblin damned man, bring with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell, bring with you wicked or charitable intentions, you’re in
You can trust me, Cassio, I’ll do everything I can to help you.
Be familiar, but not vulgar.
You’re my witness that I’m compelled to fight all our freedoms against my will, as Pompey was.
Be your mouth or black or white, Do-de, de-de.
Be confident, and I’ll leave you alone.
Be brave and speedy.
Well, then, be warned: those who ride so well, and don’t ride so carefully, fall into foul bogs.
Be careful then.
Be wise and get home.
Be witness to me, oh, you blessed moon, when men revolted upon the record will bear hateful memories, poor Enobarbus did before your face repent.
Be calm in the accusation, and my sanity will not shame me.
I’ll be your eunuch, and I’ll be your mute.
Are your tears wet?
Are you sad or merry, either you’re being violent or no one else.—Do you have my posts?
Be patient and free.
Take this body away and take care of our will.
Keep him away.
Keep him my head.
Keep it cold until midnight and let the issue show itself.
Take it straight, and bring your master home immediately.
Take me to his creditor and, knowing how the debt grows, I’ll pay it.—Good Master Doctor, take him home safely to my house.
Bear me, good friends, where Cleopatra is.
Keep your heart in it and leave us alone.
Keep them away from here.
Keep your eyes, your hand, your tongue warm.
Bear with him, Brutus.
Keep up with my weakness.
Have your face in mind?
Beat him up.
Beat me?
Beat them down!
Beat—
Beatrice— I’ll go, I’m sure.
Beauty is a good way to provoke thieves faster than gold.
Because I wouldn’t see your cruèl nails pluck out his poor old eyes, and your fierce sister would stick boarish fangs in his anointed flesh.
Because my name is George.
Because I often use you as a fool and chat with you, your sanity will scold my love and make me a common part of my serious hours.
Because you keep the stroke of your begging and my meditation.
Because their business is still out of the door.
Because they’re not eight?
Because we come to do you service and you think we’re ruffians, you’ll have your daughter covered with a barbary horse.
Because, look, you don’t love it, and your affections and appetites and your digestion don’t agree with it, I’d like you to eat it.
Now, I’m ready.
I think God is very wise.
She’s a good wench.
I’ll throw my shield before my body is thrown.
I wouldn’t believe this without my own eyes.
It’s still true before the days of change.
Let’s not wrangle before the eyes of both our army here, who should see nothing but love from us.
Before the time comes out?
Before I saw Lysander, Athens was a paradise for me.
Before you can say “Come” and “Go,” breathe twice and cry “So, so!” Each one of you, tripping on his toe,
Before you risk, because I’m losing your company.
Begin another of your daughters.
I’m so sorry I’m not, but I thank you, and I’m sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear.
Do you want to start a relationship with these birds only now?
Do you want to grow up on me?
Start!
Start.
Go on.—Onward, officer, to prison until it comes.
Beguiled, divorced, wronged, spited, killed!
I’ll be with you behind the abbey wall within an hour and bring you cords made like a stair, which must be my convoy in the secret night.
I’ll tell myself to listen to the process behind the scenes.
Look and see.
Look, how she blushes like a maid here!
Look, it’s stained with his most noble blood.
Look at the munitions on their carriages, with fatal mouths gaping on the girded Harfleur.
Look, the sails, born with the invisible and creeping wind, draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea, breasting the high surge.
Look at this man.
Look, here’s the usurper’s swollen head.
Look, I have a weapon.
Look, sir.
Look, there are the caskets, noble Prince.
Look: it’s my privilege to honor my oath, my oath, and my profession.
Look!
I wish I had done it well, but I must condemn it now.
I’m a perfumer, as I was smoking a musty room, and I’m the Prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in a sad conference.
Being a holiday, the beggar’s shop is shut.
Being so frustrate, tell him, he mocks the pauses he makes.
Being unprepared, we became the servant to defect, which else we should have freed.
Believe me for my honor, and have respect for my honor that you may believe.
Believe me, I am not.
Believe me, I can’t.
Believe me, I’d rather have lost my purse full of crusadoes.
Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook it.
Believe me, lord, I think he can’t choose.
No, don’t believe me.
If I had such a venture, I’d have better hoped for my future abroad.
Believe me, sir, it’s a brave man.
Believe me, sir, they smother well together.
Don’t believe any of us.
Don’t believe that.
If you want, then I’ll do something strange.
What?
It’s just a rumor.
I could bet they’re not a good thing to betray my eyes.
As his wife, who knows his sleeves, shut the doors against his way.
Like some noble gentleman who wants to take him here, traveling some way.
I don’t know what.
They were a little surprised to see how I moved them.
Look, this is a man who’s a savage.
That’s what this show is about to say.
You’re like you slew a lot of his people?
Bellario greets you.
Do you belong to the Lady Olivia, friends?
Beloved Regan, your sister’s naughty.
Don’t bemonster your character.
Benedicite.
Benedick, did you notice Signior Leonato’s daughter?
Benvolio, who started this bloody fight?
Please, father.
Besoil him for it!
Beshrew his soul for me!
I’m a shrewd woman, but I love her very much.
I’d do a wrong for the whole world.
I think you’re happy in this second match, because it’s your first match.
Besides—I’ve never put up my sword since—I met a lion on the Capitol, who glared on me and went by a lion, without bothering me.
Besides, Antonio told the Duke they weren’t with Bassanio aboard his ship.
Besides, he brings his destiny with him.
Besides, his cote, his flocks, and his feed bounds are now on sale, and now, because of his absence, there’s nothing you can feed on at our sheepcote.
Besides, I have some business in the town.
Besides, I don’t like you.
Besides, the constable wants you to be punished, so that your followers can be resentful and a sweet man to come off these fields where, wretches, their poor bodies must lie and fester.
Besides, it should appear that if he had the money to pay the Jew, he wouldn’t take it.
Besides, old Gremio is still listening, and we’d be interrupted.
Besides, our hands are hard.
Besides, she uses me more than anyone else who follows her.
Besides, the king’s name is a tower of strength that they want to build upon the adverse party.
Besides, the knave is handsome, young, and has all the requisites in him that folly and green minds are responsible for.
Besides, their writers say, King Pepin, who deposed Childeric, was heir general, born of Blithild, who was daughter of King Clothair, and claimed the crown of France.
Besides, there is no king, if he’s not so sane, that if he’s going to fight with all unreliable soldiers.
Besides, they’re all fresh.
Besides, they are our outward consciences and preachers to us all, admonising that we should dress up fairly for our purposes.
Besides, they’ve burned and carried away all that was in the king’s tent, so the king, most worthily, has caused every soldier to cut his prisoner’s throat.
Besides, you’re getting dishonest.
Be quiet for a fortnight before.—I’ll have the heart of him if he wins, because if he’s out of Venice I’d make what I want.—Go, Tubal,
I’m always happy to see you.
Fear is the best way to protect yourself.
You’d better get the bringer out of the host.
Give it to you, and don’t believe Caesar’s not a merchant, to make a prize for the things that merchants sold.
I’ve been trayed.
We’d better be with the dead, who we sent to peace to get our peace than to lie in a restless ecstasy.
You may have better cheer, but not with a better heart.
I wish I could distract myself— I should be able to shake my thoughts off my grief and lose the knowledge of myself.
If they were all coming from his father, or if they were none at all, the emulation who will be closest will touch us all too close if God doesn’t prevent it.
I’m better Macbeth than a man like that to reign.
Better once than never, because it’s never too late.
If you hadn’t been born, then you’d have better gotten to me.
Bettering your loss makes the bad causer worse.
Who?
Beware Macduff.
Beware of the entrance to a fight, but beware of being in, so that the opposing may beware of you.
Beware of March’s landslides.
Beware of Fife’s thane.
She’s thrown shamelessly on me today.
Bianca’s love made me exchange my state with Tranio while he was in the town, and I’ve stayed happily in the last place to the wishful paradise of my bliss.
Tell me that every noise is still.
Goodbye to your sisters.
Tell Gloucester to think about this, and he’ll cry.
Tell her to come here.
Tell her to have a good heart.
Tell him to bring his pen and his inkhorn to the jail.
Ask him to give him the greatest strength and power he can make and meet me suddenly at Salisbury.
Tell him to tell me the story of Octavia: her years, her desire to be a woman.
Tell him to set up his powers before he is ready, and we’ll follow him.
So ask him to consider his ransom, which must be proportional to the losses we have suffered, the losses we have lost, the disgrace we’ve digested, which, in the hope to reclaim, would
Give me farewell.
Tell me to tear the bond.
We’ll punish you, and we’ll bear it lightly.
Ask the players to hurry.
Tell them to get me and then sell my bones.
Tell them to fly, because when I’m revenged on my charm, I’ve done everything.
Tell them to fly.
Tell them to come near.
Ask them to move away.
Tell your friends to welcome you, show a merry cheer.
The wind will blow the earth into the sea or swell the water to the sea so that things can change or stop.
Big Mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host and faintly through rusty beaver peeps.
Bind his corky arms.
Bind him, I say.
Bind up my wounds!
Biondello, what about that?
The night is dark, and death is your life.
Bleed, bleeding, poor country!
Bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello!
Help you avoid whirlwinds, star-blasting, and taking!
Bless you, Bottom, bless you.
Give your five wits a hug.
Bless us!
Bless you, fair dame!
Blessed pudding!
He’s blind and is best in the dark.
Bliss be on you!
You’ve been beaten up for such a wish!
He’ll be squeezing for it if you hide the crown in your hearts.
Bloody, bawdy villain!
Boatswain!
I’d tear the cave where Echo lies, and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine, with the repetition of “My Romeo!” I’m the soul who calls upon my name.
Bonos dies, Sir Toby.
Borachio.
Borrow Cupid’s wings and soar with them above a common bound.
He loves both of them.
Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.
Both of us denies me any further.
Both our remedies are lies in your help and your holy physicy.
Both sides are equally right.
Both of which, Master Constable— You have.
Wind and tide are the main reasons for this gentleman, and I’ve been here too long, to blame.
Both of them are with a dog name.
Both your majesties can put your dreadful pleasures more in command than to get into the trap.
Both, both, my girl.
Both, both, my lord.—This letter, madam, wants a quick answer.
Both?
Bottom!
In nature, a tyranny is a tyranny.
Boy, this will not excuse the injuries you’ve caused me.
Boy!
I’ve been robbed in my own house with a skein of thread?
Break an hour’s promise in love?
Breathe Merriman, the poor curfew is embossed, and couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach.
Let me be brief.
I recovered him, bound up his wound, and after some small space, being strong at heart,
I’m here.
I’m talking a bit.
Briefness and fortune, work!—French, a word.
Bring a corollary, rather than want a spirit.
Bring out men-children only, because your unreliable sanity should compose nothing but men.
Bring her to try the main course.
Bring him away.
Bring him to us.
Bring him to rest.
Bring him through the bands.
Bring him with triumph back to his house!
Bring him, dead or living, within this twelve month or turn to seek a living in our territory.
Bring it here to me in the orchard.
Bring it to that, the gold I give you will melt and pour down your ill-looking throat.
Bring me a father who loved his child so much, who is overwhelmed with joy like mine, and ask him to speak of patience.
Bring me to the brim of it, and I’ll help you get something rich about me.
Take care of the numbers on both sides of our lives.
Don’t bring me any more reports.
Bring me to Antony.
Bring me to Octavius.
Tell me how tall she is.
Bring the villain out.
Bring them to us.
Bring the master to the citadel.
Bring us the letter.
Brother Anthony—
Brother John Bates, isn’t that morning that breaks?
Brother of Gloucester, you’re wrong about this.
Brother— Be content.
Brother, good night.
Brother, ho!
Brother, I advise you to the best.
Brother, I’ll go and bring it to you.
Brother, my lord the duke, stand up and do as we do.
Brought to this town by that famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most respected uncle.
Have you brought Caesar home?
Brown, madam, and her forehead are as low as she would wish.
Bruisèd pieces, go.
Brutus and Caesar—what should be that “Caesar”?
Brutus has rubbed my heart.
Brutus is wise, and if he weren’t in good health, he’d embrace the means to come by it.
Brutus killed me.
Brutus will lead, and we’ll grace his heels with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.
Brutus is talking.
Brutus, let’s talk to you.
Brutus, don’t bait me.
Brutus, my country’s friend.
Brutus, my lord.
Brutus” will start a spirit as soon as “Caesar.” Now, in the names of all the gods at once, what meat does Caesar feed that he is so great?
Don’t be afraid,” says my conscience.
Burn his books.
Burn!
But it’s a spirit.
But it’s all one thing, it’s as good as my fingers are to my fingers, and there’s salmon in both of them.
But it’s gone.
But it’s not above me.
But it’s not true.
But it’s strange.
But a harsh hearing when women are froward.
But goodbye.
But after many ceremonies, he calls for wine.
But remember what you’ve said and show yourself true Romans.
But so soon as the sun’s fading in the farthest east begins to draw the shady curtains from Aurora’s bed, away from light, steals my heavy son home.
But all the charms of love, Salt Cleopatra, soften your wanned lip!
But all the stories of the night were told and all their minds were rearranged together, more vivid than fancy’s images, and more vividly, but, whatever it is, strange and admirable.
But I knew all this before.
But Antonio has certainly been wiped out.
But are my brother’s powers set up?
But aren’t there some whole thing we have to make sick?
But are they safe, Ariel?
But are you so in love with me as your rhymes say?
But are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice so much?
But you’re not giddy with the fashion too, so that you’ve shifted out of your story to tell me about the fashion?
But you didn’t advise him, but he took care of getting her to be taught by the sane schoolmasters?
But you’re not drowned, Stephano?
But as it is, we can’t miss him.
But as all is mortal in nature, all nature in love is mortal in folly.
But I think I’m coming with Hermia here.
But as well?
But I swear I can’t tell you how I came here.
But be prepared for some unhappy words.
But being a widow, and my Gloucester with her, I’ll leave the entire building in my fancy to spit on my hateful life.
But beshrew my jealousy!
But I’ve never done you better than now to offer you a better service.
But brother Anthony— Come on, it doesn’t matter.
But Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
But I’ll come back to Romeo, who had only recently gotten revenge, and to see them go like lightning, because I could draw Tybalt to kill me.
But by immortality, she’s mine.
But he’s an absolute master.
But can you guess that he’s trying to do it?
But please be calm and don’t be dismayed.
But he’s tearing down his beard, like winter’s drops from reeds.
But come on.
But if you come to see what sorrow can do, it can’t counteract the joy I’ve had in her sight for a minute.
But come on, I’ll tell you my entire device when I’m in my coach, which stays for us at the gate.
But let’s go, my lord.
But come, young waver, come with me, I’ll be your assistant in one respect, because this alliance may prove so happy to turn your households’ sanity into pure love.
But come on, Bergomask.
But they’re dead, and they’re a devilish slave.
But I never spoke of that all the time?
But did you ever tell him she was false?
But didn’t you ask to cut it?
But did you think the Prince would have served you like that?
But did you see them dead?
But did you hear that without wondering how your name should be hanged and carved on these trees?
But did your sister die of her love, my boy?
But don’t go with it.
But don’t look for more compensation than your own happiness.
But don’t.
But don’t stain the virtue of our enterprise, nor the insuppressive mettle of our spirits, to think that or our cause or our performance had to be oath, when every drop of blood that every Roman
But do you hear that you’ve married my daughter without asking my goodwill?
But does he know that I’m in this forest and in the man’s clothing?
But down.
But either it was different in blood—
But they came, let me say no more!
But if we could reach the point proposed, Caesar cried, “Help me, Cassius, or I sink!” I, as Aeneas, our great ancestor, did from the flames of Troy on his
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
But goodbye.
But fathers who carry bags will see their children kind.
But don’t worry about taking care of what’s yours.
But few of them, and none of them.
But first I’ll release the fairy queen.
But first I’ll turn a fellow in his grave and then return to my love, chanting.
But don’t fish with this melancholy bait for this fool gudgeon, this opinion.—Come, Lorenzo.—Fare well for a while.
But for a fine, charming, graceful, and excellent manner, yours is worth ten.
But for all this you’ll have as many dolors for your daughters as you can tell in a year.
But I haven’t sounded him for his purpose in the coronation, and he hasn’t delivered his gracious pleasure anywhere there.
But for my daughter Katherine, I know that she isn’t for you, the more I’m grieving.
But for the bloody napkin?
But for the handkerchief— I wish I had forgotten it.
But for the seventh reason.
But for the stuffing—well, we’re all mortal.
But for the whole world?
But for which of my good things did you suffer love first for me?
But for your husband, he’s noble, wise, judicious, and knows the best season.
But for your private satisfaction, because I love you, I’ll tell you.
But for your words, they rob the Hybla bees and leave them honeyless.
But don’t be afraid, I say.
But get back.
But give me your hand, Menas.
But how do you feel about this?
But good lieutenant, is your general wived?
But was he a chain of you?
But have you snuck the Athenian’s eyes with the love juice, as I asked you to?
But have I fallen, or not?
But don’t I have any reason to cry?
But have you both denied to swear me?
But he’s armed with his fortune and is not responsible for the slander of his wife.
But he has promised me that he won’t hurt you as a gentleman and a soldier.
But he has pushed me away and threatened me to strike me, spurn me—no, to kill me too.
But he loves Caesar best, but he loves Antony.
But he says he loves you and doesn’t need any other suitor except his liking to take the safest occasion by the front to bring you back in.
But he’s asleep.
But whoever steals my good name from me steals everything that doesn’t enrich him and makes me poor.
But the man who tempered you told you to stand up, won’t give you any reason why you should do treason unless you dub you with the name of the traitor.
But anyone who believes everything they say will never be saved by half of what they do.
But he, poor man, died by your first order, and a winged Mercury was carrying it.
But listen, Gratiano.
But heavenly Rosalind!
But here comes Antony.
But here comes Antony.—Welcome, Mark Antony.
But here comes my father.
But here comes the lady.
But here they come.
But here’s a parchment with Caesar’s seal.
But here’s a villain who would face me down, he met me on the martin, and I beat him and charged him with a thousand marks in gold, and I denied my wife and house.—You drunk
But his flawed heart—alack, the conflict is too weak to support—twixt two extremes of passion, joy and grief, burst smiling.
But hollow men, like horses at hand, make gallant promises of their mettle.
But how did you want it to be made?
But how did she receive his love?
But how is it that this is what you think?
But how long will her sweet life last?
But how long will that title “ever” last?
But how should Prospero live and be here?
But how?
But how, my lord, should we resist it now?
But wait, don’t worry.
But I’m always the northern star, of whom I’m a true-fixed and resting star, and I don’t have any other person in the firmament.
But I’m a big blame.
But I’m sent to find those people who have written this letter, and I can’t find what the author has written.
But I’m a shepherd to another man and don’t shear the fleeces I graze.
But please forgive me for pardoning your Grace.
But I can tell you why a snail has a house.
But I can tell you that this duke has a bad reputation for his gentle niece, and that the people praise her for her virtues and pity her for her father’s sake.
But I admit, sir, that we were locked out.
But I’m telling you that Fortinbras will be lighted by the election.
But I see you’re moving.
But I think wives are their faults if wives fall.
But I don’t feel this deity in my heart.
But I had rather fast from all four days than drink so much in one.
But I have reason to pry into this pedant.
But I’ve heard him say it’s always appropriate that sons at perfect age and fathers declined, the father should be as ward to the son, and the son should manage his income.
But I don’t have any.
But I’ve spoken with one who saw him die, who said he confessed his crimes very frankly, implored your highness’ pardon and made a deep repentance.
But I have a son, sir, who is a little older than this, who is still no dearer than me.
But I hope you don’t want to turn your husband into a husband, have you?
But I don’t know anything, and I’m not a beast.
But I know that being up late is being up late.
But I could see the fiery shaft of young Cupid sunk in the chaste beams of the moon, and the imperial votaress was thrown on, in a king’s meditation, and
But I have to tell you clearly that Claudio is facing my challenge, and either I have to hear from him soon, or I’ll be a coward.
But I see you as so modest that you won’t get anything from me that I’m willing to keep in.
But please tell him I’m counterfeiting.
But please, old man, please, talk to him about young Master Launcelot?
But please tell me, is my boy, God rest his soul, alive or dead?
But please, who is his companion?
But please, can you read anything you see?
But now I remember I’m in this earthly world, where it’s often laudable to do harm, and to do good in a moment, I’m a dangerous man.
But I’ll beg your pardon.
But I’ll see that the wing’s vengeance overtakes such children.
But I’ll tell my daughter that she’s better prepared for a question if she’s wrong.
But I won’t go out of here, do what they can.
But I’ll punish you home.
But I’ll tarry.
But I’ll tell you at some meet up season.
But I’ll wed you in another key, with pomp, with triumph, and with reveling.
But I’ll write again to Mantua, and keep her in my cell until Romeo comes.
But I’ll warm myself up with blowing the fire.
But I’d be loath to fall back into my dreams.
But I, who never knew how to eat, and never needed to eat, am starved for meat, giddy for lack of sleep, with oaths kept waking and fed with brawling
But I wish I had been a woman.
But I’ll punish you so harshly that you’ll all regret the loss of mine.
But I’ll be hanged if he wears your livery.
But I’ll catch your eyes, even if they had wings.
But I’ll go in.
But I won’t chide you.
But I’ll see you soon.
But if all the aims are false, the supposition of the lady’s death will stop the wonder of her infamy.
But if he’s at hand, I’ll be satisfied.
But if he hadn’t been drinking, he would have thrown you out of the way than he did.
But if I give my wife a handkerchief— What then?
But if I had enough wit to get out of this forest, I would have enough wit to serve my own purpose.
But if it’s a sin to covet honor, I’m the most offending soul alive.
But if it were, she wouldn’t care if she combped your noddle with a three-legged stool and painted your face and used you like a fool.
But if she can’t love you, sir?
But if I am, then I know that your weeping sister isn’t my wife, and I’m not a homage to her bed.
But if the cause is not good, the king himself has a heavy reckoning to make when all those legs and arms and heads, chopped off in a battle, will join together at the latter day and cry all, “
But if these are enough fire to kindle cowards and to steel with the mighty women, then countrymen, what do we need to do to get us to redress?
But if you die before I come, you’re a mocker of my work.
But if you break her virgin knot before all holy ceremonies can be celebrated, the heavens won’t let fall to make this contract grow, but barren hate, sane disdain, and discord will best
But if your love were like mine ever—I think never man loved so much—how many ridiculous actions have you been drawn to by your fantasy?
But if we fail, we can do it on land.
But if you remember, I didn’t ask you to go ahead.
But if you refuse to marry me, you’ll give yourself to this faithful shepherd?
But if you fail, you have to go away immediately, my lord.
But if you have a stomach, then I’ll help you.
But if you don’t know this, my manners tell me we’ve got your wrong rebuke.
But I don’t care about you, sir.
But I’m not in the position of honor, and I won’t be reconciled until some elder masters, who have known me, have a voice and a precedent of peace to keep my name ungored.
But I’d rather think it weren’t.
But in this case of wooing, a child will get a sire if I don’t fail to do my cunning.
But in this case, if you want your father’s voice, the other must be a better man.
But I bury them in your daughter’s womb, where they will grow in that nest of spice, to your recomforture.
But my uncle taught me to speak, who was a man in his youth who knew too well about courtship, because there he fell in love.
But is all this for your father?
But is he often so?
But is there anything else that wants to see this broken music in his sides?
But isn’t there any sequel to this mother’s admiration?
But is this law?
But it’s getting me right, doesn’t it?
But it’s certain that I’m all ladies, except you.
But it’s not a treason for English to cut French crowns, and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper.
But it doesn’t matter.
But it doesn’t matter.
But it’s true that the good Antonio, the honest Antonio—oh, I had a title good enough to keep his name company!—Come on, the full stop.
But it won’t take so long.
But it’s enough that the day will end, and then the end will be known.—Come on!
But it was—as I received it, and others, who cried in the top of me—an excellent play, well digested in the scenes, set down with as much modesty as cunning.
But it’s better for you to change your mind.
But it would warm his spirits to hear from me that you left Antony and put yourself under his shattered shroud, the universal landlord.
But jealous souls won’t be answered like that.
But you know that I’ve wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero’s gentlewoman, by the name Hero.
But let it go to God.
But give it to your enemy, who, if he breaks, you can face better with the penalty.
But if I could seem too sudden, I would have smashed it with a longer treatise.
But if I’m guilty of self-destructiveness, I’ll stop my ears against the mermaid’s song.
But let her live.
But let it be.
But let it rest.—Now, Litio, let’s go to you.
But let me hear the letter from your friend.
But let me go to my fortune and the caskets.
But let that go.
But let them measure us by what they want.
But let’s get the higher our opinion, that our lust-wearing lord can pluck Antony from the lap of the Egyptian widow.
But let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I’m beaten, there’s only one shamed man who never graciously died; if killed, but one dead who was
But life itself, my wife, and the whole world aren’t with me as worthy of your life.
But life, because we’re tired of these worldly bars, never has the power to dismiss itself.
But little.
But look at it: find out your brother, where he is.
But Macbeth is.
But make some changes now.
But manhood is melted into curtsies, valor is melted into compliments, and men are only turned into tongues, and trim ones too.
But mark, poor knight, what a terrible thing this is!
But men can’t do anything like that, and they can’t do anything like that.
But my uncle-father and aunt-mother are fooled.
But nature should bring forth its own kind, all abundance, to feed my innocent people.
But near him, your angel is afeasant, as if he’s a feasant.
But new things have struck nine.
But the next day I told him about myself, which was as much as asking him to pardon.
But no metal can—no, not the hangman’s axe—bear half your sharp envy.
But I won’t let my eyes go deeper than your consent gives you strength to make it fly.
But no more sights!—Where are these gentlemen?
But not with such familiar situations as this, or with such free and friendly meetings as he used to.
But not royal, as I am.
But watch me, signor—
But hurry up.
But now you can see, in the sand of thought, how London is poured out of her citizens.
But now I see our lances are only straws, our strength as weak, our weakness past compare, which seems to be the most which we are.
But now I was the lord of this fair mansion, master of my servants, and Queen o'er myself.
But now I’ll tell you joyous stories, girl.
But now in the division of the kingdom, it doesn’t seem to be the dukes he values most, because equalities are so heavily weighed that curiosity can’t make choice of either of them.
But now my eyes, which I’ve snuck at you, don’t hurt you.
But now the duke of Buckingham and I have come from visiting his majesty.
But now they’re back with twenty mortal murders on their crowns and push us out of our stools.
But now, Baptista, I’ll go to your younger daughter.
But now I tell you—keep it to yourself—that these enemies are put to death, and I’m better off than I was before.
But what do you say to my suit?
But now, my lord.
But we’ll have to fight for the state to condemn us.
But how bitter it is to look at happiness through another man’s eyes.
But oh, how odd it will sound that I have to ask my child forgiveness!
But oh, how vile an idol proves this god!
But oh, poor Gloucester— Did he lose his other eye?
But old people, many feign as they were dead, unwieldy, slow, heavy, and pale as lead.
But I can’t be too far away, so I can’t be executed in his father’s sight.
Only one cup.
I’ll fight their legions one at a time.
But one more thing— He won’t be commanded.
But one, one poor one, one poor and loving child, but one thing to rejoice and solace in, and cruel death has catched it out of my sight!
But other of your resentful men do hourly carp and fight, breaking out of riots and rioting.
But out of question, it’s Maria’s hand.
But passion gives them power, and time gives them the opportunity to meet, tying extremities with sweetness.
But you’ve repeated what you’ve ruined.
But tell me who.
But tell me, please, is he coming home?
But if it were not registered, I think the truth should live from age to age, as it would be marketed to all people, even to the end of the day.
But say, sir, is it dinnertime?
But I’m saying something about what I’ve said before.
But seven years ago, in Syracusa, boy, you know we’ve split.
But will it be soon?
But should I live in hope?
But should we wear these glories for a day, or should they last and we rejoice in them?
But she’s as far away from Sycorax as great as she does least.
But she isn’t.
But she’s now Marcus Antonius’s wife.
But she keeps the lovable boy from being beaten, and she makes him happy.
But she, your subject, refuses such sovereignty.
But ships are only boards, sailors are only men.
But since he’s better than me, we’re able to win.
But since he’s obscene and has no legal means to carry me out of his envy, I’m opposing my patience to his fury, and I’m armed to suffer with a quiet spirit the
But since it’s as good as it is, do it for yourself.
But since the men’s affairs are still uncertain, let’s go with the worst that could happen.
But small to larger matters must give way to them.
But please, let me be.
But wait, see!
But it’s soft, but soft for a while.
But please, I beg you.
But wait!
But wait!
But tell me.
But do you speak this with a sad brow?
But speak, Egeus.
But stay for a while.
But stop my house’s ears—I mean my casements—and let the sound of a shallow foppery not enter my sober house.
But such officers do the king best in the end.
But suppose them well and look at them all.
But I’m sure we won’t win him to it.
But I’m sure his bravery put me into a mighty passion.
But I smile at swords, and I laugh to shame at them, branded by a man who’s born a woman.
But take a taste of my finding him and enjoy it with good observance.
But tell me, aren’t you really insane?
But tell me, don’t you know my voice?
But tell me, is young George Stanley alive?
But don’t tell me.
But tell us, do you hear whether Antonio has lost his life on the sea or not?
But if I’m forbidden to tell the secrets of my prison house, I could tell you a story that would harrow your soul, freeze your young blood,
But I don’t.
But if it’s a double-deal, sir, I wish you could make it another.
But I’m sure my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me!
But when I’m still using grief to make wild grief tame, my tongue should not name my boys until my nails were anchored in your eyes.
But the word “compliment” is like two dog apes.
But if you’re making us hate you, you’d never be able to live longer.
But you don’t love me.
But forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, your savage mistress and your warrior love, Theseus must be wedded and you come to give them joy and prosperity.
But that’s all that matters: omittance is not a quittance.
But the great man who goes up the hill, let him draw you after you.
But the rarity of it is—which is certainly beyond credit—as many rarities are.
But then I didn’t see any harm, and then I heard each syllable that sounded like a breath.
But then the mind is suffering when grief has mates and a good relationship.
But never a woman who’s fair has a true face.
But there are a lot of children, little eyases, who cry out on the top of the question and are clapped for it.
But the Duke was given the chance to understand that Lorenzo and his wife Jessica were seen together in a gondola.
But there I have gotten my heart out of here, where I must live or have no life, the fountain from which my current runs or else dries up—to be discarded from here!
But there’s a saying very old and true: “If you win France, then with Scotland first begin.” For once the eagle England being in prey, the weasel Scot comes sneaking and
But there’s more work to be done.
But I’m not a fan of the bottom line, and I’m not.
But there’s no good in your face—if Antony is free and healthy, he’ll do a good favor to trumpet such good news!
But I can’t command these to a semblance of harmony.
But he’s shaken off these offers, which don’t serve his purpose, and so should you.
But they’ll not pinch me, frighten me with urchin-shows, pitch me in the dark, and not lead me like a firebrand in the dark out of my way, unless he bid
But you’re frying.
But this eternal blazon must not be to ears of flesh and blood.
But I’ll bring this good comfort to your Highness: The Breton navy is dispersed by the storm.
But this is from my commission.
But this is a worm that’s odd.
But this is a tastier thing, and the more it seeks to hide itself, the bigger it is.
But here’s the thing: our foot on the hills near the city will stay with us.
But this is very bad, strange and unnatural.
But this place is too cold for hell.
But this isn’t the way to choose me for a husband.
But I’ll break my staff, and I’ll drown my book deeper than ever.
But those who understood him smiled at each other and shook their heads.
But you’ve not been able to strike quickly.
But you have to be sure my spirits and my place are in their power to make this bitter to you.
But you entertain your wooers with a gentle conference, soft and affable.
But you wouldn’t think about how bad everything is about my heart.
But you’re too much, my friend, and I won’t wish you to her.
But even though I’m a daughter to his blood, I’m not to his manners.
But even if my words are mean, take them seriously.
But even if they don’t jump on a just account—as in these cases, where the aim is often a little different—they all confirm a Turkish fleet, and carrying up to Cyprus.
But even though you’re adjudgmented to death, and you’re not recalled to our honour for the slander, I’ll favor you in all my possible efforts.
But even if we think so, it doesn’t matter.
But you won’t marry her, I trust.
But your vile race, even though you learned, had something that good natures couldn’t be able to be with.
But until I come back, no bed will be guilty of my stay, no rest will be available to us.
But until that time, don’t come near me.
But until today’s afternoon, his passion hasn’t risen into a rage.
But be honest and give it to you again.
But I think that even though I’m native here and have been born, it’s a common practice more honored in the breach than the observance.
But to Orlando: did he leave him there, and eat food to the hungry lioness?
But read his right wits is to read like this.
But for my own part, if I were as sane as a king, I could find it in my heart to give it all your worship.
But I’ll write “Rosalinda” on the fairest boughs or at every sentence, teaching all who read to know the quintessence of every sprite Heaven would be in a
But was this near shore?
But we’re not allowed.
But we’re spirits of another kind.
But we both obey and give up here, in the full bent, to lay our service free at your feet and to be commanded.
But we have reason to cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts.
But we’ll draw the curtain and show you the picture.
But if you give him such a gift, there’s gold and my bluest veins to kiss—a hand that kings have lipped and trembled kissing.
But well.
But if I were Brutus, and Brutus Antony, there would be an Antony who would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue in every wound of Caesar that would move the stones of
But if I were not the better part of the world, I wouldn’t seek revenge, you present.
But if the day came, I’d rather be darkened than that I was couching with the doctor’s clerk.
But what a fool I am to chat with you when I should give my bride a good morning and seal the title with a lovely kiss!
But what sport are the ladies losing, monsieur?
But what’s your affair in Elsinore?
But what about Cicero?
But what about that?
But what praise could you give to a worthy woman, who, in the way of her merit, deserved to be a savage woman?
But what’s going on?
But what do you say to Thursday?
But what do you see?
But what do I say about this?
But what do we talk about fathers when there’s such a man as Orlando?
But what?
But what’s the trade you’re doing?
But what do you want?
But what, is Catesby gone?
But what’s the matter, Clarence?
But what’s your slur?
But what do you want?
But when I tell him he hates flatterers, he says he does, being flattered.
But when should we put the savage bull’s horns on the sensible Benedick’s head?
But when they’re going to endure the bloody spur, they fall their crests and, like deceitful jades, sink in the trial.
But when we grow in our viciousness— Oh, misfortune on it!—the wise gods see our eyes, drop our clear judgments in our own filth, make us adamant our mistakes, laugh at
But where have you been, then?
But where is Kate?
But where the greater the malady is fixed, the less the less the problem is.
But where will I go tomorrow?
But when unloved young men with unstuffed brains sleep in their arms, there’s golden sleep.
But where was this?
But where’s my fool?
But where’s the money?
But why aren’t you in your shop today?
But why couldn’t I say “Amen”?
But why did you tempt the heavens so much?
But why are you keeping me here so long?
But why did you kill my cousin?
But while I say one prayer!
But while you’re alive, keep a good tongue in your head.
But who’s coming?
But who’s coming?
But who’s coming?
But who’s coming?
But who’s coming?
But who’s going to tell her that?
But who is he?
But who was this?
But why should honor be more than honesty?
But why, why, why?
But will my Rosalind do that?
But will you woo this wildcat?
But with a rearward following Tybalt’s death, “Romeo is banned.” To speak that word, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet, are all dead, all dead.
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
But yesterday Caesar’s words could have stood against the world.
But I don’t believe that his grief is a result of neglected love.—How are you, Ophelia?
But for all that, if she didn’t hate him deadlyly, she would love him very much.
But you’re still going to Egypt again.
But I can’t love him.
But I’m still afraid.
But I’m running before my horse to sell.
But I’ll go in hate to feed the prodigal Christian.—Jessica, my girl, go to my house.
But I’ll make sure I’m sure I’m going to be able to make sure I’m safe and have a chance.
But it’s not our trick.
But I think it’s very hot and sultry for my complexion.
But you’re my flesh, my blood, my daughter— Or rather a disease that’s in my flesh, which I must call mine.
But you don’t draw iron, because my heart is as true as steel.
But yet— Which, he or Adrian, for a good wager, begins to crow first?
But I’d rather him be a better place to live.
But I’m saying that if you’re satisfied with the truth, you may have.
But yet, madam— I don’t like “But yet.” It’s all about the good news.
But you and I, and honest Casca, we’re suffering from the falling sickness.
But you’re not a man like that.
But you have to learn to know such slanders of the age, or else you may be mistook.
But you see my finger doesn’t have the ring on it.
But you’ll find that the band that seems to tie their friendships together will be the stricken force of their friendship.
But you, my honorable lords, may name the time, and I’ll speak to the duke in his name, which I presume he’ll take a gentle part.
But you, too, are perfect and so sane, and are created from every creature’s best.
But you changed that, sir, for an hour before you took me from the sea, my sister drowned.
But you’ll be secret?
But you’ll lie like dogs, and you’ll say nothing.
But your news is not true.
But wait a minute!
But, alas, Caesar must bleed for it.
But as he was ambitious, I slew him.
But I can learn, he hears after prophecies and dreams, and he plucks the letter from the crossrow and says a wizard told him that his issue should be disinherited by “G”.
But I said, on Lammas Eve she’ll be fourteen.
But as they say, the general doesn’t care about listening to music.
But as you say, sir, let your bounty take a nap, I’ll wake it up.
But Audrey, there’s a young man in the forest who claims to you.
But brother, I can tell you strange news that you haven’t dreamed of.
But by his Lady, he must build churches then, or else he won’t suffer thinking about it with the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is “For, oh, oh,
But, by your favor, how close is the other army?
But, whatever you want, I love you so much that danger will seem sporty, and I’ll go.
But first or last, your fine Egyptian cookery will have the fame.
But he can’t buckle his sane cause in the belt of rule.
But for my own part, it was Greek to me.
But for true need— You heavens, give me that patience, patience I need.
But, for your conscience?
But, gentle heavens, stop all intermissions.
But, thank God, I wouldn’t need to help you, and I’d be able to help you if there were no need.
But, good Kate, mock me mercifully, the rather gentle princess, because I love you cruelly.
But, good Laertes, you’ll do this, keep close to your room.
But listen, Charmian.
But listen, I hear the footing of a man.
But, hold on, take this garland on your brow.
But please, don’t let any of your people disturb me.
But I’ll tell you, when I say that, she looks as pale as any other clout in the versal world.
But if you were the devil, you would be fair.
But, in faith, Kate, the older I become, the better I will appear.
But are you the one who hangs the verses on the trees where Rosalind is so famous?
But you should love the friend of France, because I love France so much that I won’t leave a village of it.
But Lepidus, go to Caesar’s house.
But let me see, by ten we’ll have each a hundred Englishmen.
But like a misbehaved and sullen wench, you’re poutching on your fortune and your love.
But to keep it from being divulged, let it feed even the smallest part of life.
But look, Cassius, the angry spot glows on Caesar’s brow, and all the rest look like a chidden train.
But, mistress, you know.
But, my good lord— Why should you do this?
But, my good lord, this boy is born in the forest and has been tutored in the rudiments of many desperate studies by his uncle, who he claims to be a great magician.
But I’ll tell you all your sanity in this case.
But, oh, grief, where have you led me?
But, oh, I’m not a fool!
But, on: six barbary horses against six French swords, their assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages—that’s the French betting against the Danish.
But speak, Othello.
But Roderigo, if you have something in you, I have more reason to believe than ever—I mean purpose, courage and valor—this night will show it.
But, room, fairy!
But be ruled by me, sir.
But forgive me, sir, since my becomings kill me when they don’t look good to you.
But here comes your boy, sir.
But I’ll deliver his challenge by word of mouth, write a notable report of valor, and drive the gentleman (as I know his youth will aptly receive it) into a hideous opinion of his rage
But, sir, such a wild, wild, and usual slips
But, sir, mark, we’re using this phrase to say the dead are well.
But, sir, not for my sake, but for your master’s sake, I advise you to use your manners discreetly in any kind of company.
But you’ll pay for this sport as much as the metal in your shop will pay.
But if I’ve been beaten up in this fight so far, I’ll go on.
But, wait!
But, wait!
But tell me, where is princely Richmond now?
But until the king comes out, and not until then, we’ll move to Southampton.
But he’s a too unruly deer, and he’s breaking the pale bones and snucks away from home.
But if you were wedded, you’d have some influence.
Get food and get yourself in flesh.—Come with me, cordial and not poison, to Juliet’s grave, because I have to use you there.
Buzz, buzz.
I think it’s true, lady.
I don’t know who I am.
By and by.
By and by.
By any other house or person?
By Cheshu, he is an ass, as in the world.
By Cheshu, he will defend his position as well as any military man in the world in the pristine wars of the Romans.
By Cheshu, I think he’ll plow up everything if there aren’t better directions.
By Chrish, la, it’s ill done.
I could not speak with Dromio since I sent him out of the martin.
He’s wronged me by night and day.
By Dromio?
We were heaved from here, but we were blessed to be holp here.
God’s sanity, it’ll be a hard way to hit.
I swear, by heaven, I’ll tell you.
I swear by heaven, I don’t, I don’t, gentlemen.—Oh, murderous coxcomb!
I saw my handkerchief in my handkerchief.
I’ll tell his majesty I’ve been taunting him for a long time.
I’ll have it.
I swear by heaven, I’ll make a ghost of him that lets me.
I swear by God, it’s as appropriate to our age to think beyond ourselves, as it is common for younger people to be deprived of discretion.
I swear, I gave it to the doctor!
I swear, that should be my handkerchief!
By heaven, your madness will be paid by weight until our scale turns the beam.
By heaven, you’re wrong!
The duke will know how slack you were.
By Hercules, I think I’m right.
I’ve never been a king of the duke of Clarence, but I’ve been an earnest advocate to plead for him.
Isis, I’ll give you bloody teeth if you’re again with Caesar paragon my man of men.
I swear by Jacob’s staff, I don’t think I’m going to feast tonight.
By Janus, I don’t think so.
By Jeshu, I’m your Majesty’s countryman, I don’t care who knows it.
By Jove that’s thundering!
By Jove, I’m not a coward for gold, and I don’t care who feeds on my cost; it doesn’t want me to wear men’s clothes; I don’t want to wear them
By Jupiter, I swear “No.” By Juno, I swear “Yes.” They don’t want to do it.
Jupiter, this will not be revoked.
By Jupiter, if I were the wearer of Antonio’s beard, I wouldn’t shave it today.
I will, and when I break that oath, let me turn into a monster.
By my honor, I love you, Kate.
I swear, I was your mother in the years you have been a maid.
I swear he’s very swift and sententious.
I swear, you have great reason to be sad.
I swear, a good nap.
I swear by my hand, and my father’s soul, that the work is ill done.
I swear, here come the Capulets.
I don’t care.
I swear by my holy order, I thought you were better prepared.
I swear by my knavery (if I had it), then I were.
I swear I do, which I love most, even though I say I’m a magician.
I swear by my life, I do.
I swear by my soul that man has no power to change me.
By my sword, Beatrice, you love me.
I swear it’s not so good, and I assure your cousin will say that.
I swear, that’s a good song.
I swear, a pleasant-spirited lady.
I swear he’ll give the crow a pudding of this day.
I swear, I’m sick.
I swear by my lord, I’m talking about my thoughts.
I swear by my lord, I’ll speak to the king about my conscience.
I’m not going to take her to this company.
I swear, it’s well said.
I can’t tell you what to think of it, my lord, but she loves him with a raged affection, and it’s beyond the infinite of thought.
My little body is tired of this great world, Nerissa.
By my side, niece, you’ll never get a husband if you’re so shrewd of your tongue.
Sir Toby, you have to come in early o'clock.
No—though it’s good to be one of my friends.
I swear, the fool has an excellent breast.
I swear, you have a good hand.
I swear, I’m very happy.
No, I don’t.
No, “what?
You’re a man by our beards (if we had them).
By divine grace.
I know him well.
By running fast.
What else?
I’ll be at the height of heart-heaviness tomorrow, and I’ll think my brother is happy with what he wants.
I’d rather accuse myself of such despair.
By the clock it’s day, and dark night still strangles the lamp.
By your law of arms you were not bound to answer an unknown question.
By the way, it’s like a camel.
We met my wife, her sister, and a rabble of vile confederates.
By the apostle Paul, shadows have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than can the ten thousand soldiers who were armed in proof and led by Richmond.
By the eighth hour.
By the fire that makes Nilus’s slime, I’m going from here to your soldier, servant, making peace or war as you affect.
By nine o'clock.
The Lord, madam, you wrong me, and the world will know it.
By the mass, I was about to say something.
By the mess, my eyes are smuggling, and I’ll de-gud service, or I’ll smuggling the smuggling, or go to death.
I swear by the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked is coming.
I think my wife is honest and doesn’t think she is.
By you; and this was the reason you returned from him: that he shook you and, in his blows, denied my house for his, and I was for his wife.
By this hand, Claudio will give me a very good account.
I swear by this hand.
By this hand, I love you.
I’ll wear that gown with this hand.
By this hand, they’re scoundrels and substractors who say so about him.
I’d hate him by this kind of chase, because my father hated his father very much.
By this leek, I’ll be terribly revenged.
By this light, a perfidious and drunken monster.
By this marriage, all the little jealousies, which now seem great, and all the great fears, which now threaten their lives, would be nothing.
I would slam the sternest eyes that look, outbrave the heart most daring on earth, pluck the young sucking cubs from the she-bear, Yea, mock the lion
I’ll kill him by this sword, the one who makes the first thrust.
I will, by this sword.
I think the dial is five.
By two o'clock I’ll be with you again.
What rule, sir?
What?
I swear by which I don’t swear you love me, but my blood begins to flatter me, even though my face is a bit bleak and untempering.
By your way, hostess.
I swear by your gracious pardon, I’m only singing after you.
I can’t help you visit them.
You’re a good man, so I’ll have to rest.
No, you’re patient.
By'r Lady, thirty years.
Caesar and Antony have ever won more in their officers than in their person.
Caesar and he are more friends than ever.
Caesar and Lepidus are on the field.
Caesar and Lepidus have made wars against Pompey.
Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.
Caesar is hard on me, but he loves Brutus.
Caesar gets money where he loses his hearts.
Caesar has sent— Too slow a messenger.
Caesar himself has work, and our oppression is more than what we expected.
Caesar is sad, and Lepidus is troubled since Pompey’s feast, Menas says, is plagued with greensickness.
Caesar is touched.
Caesar is waiting to hear.
Caesar sends greetings to the Queen of Egypt and asks you to study what you want to do to get him to you.
Caesar will go.
Caesar should be a beast without a heart if he stays at home today for fear.
Caesar sits down in Alexandria, where I’ll fight against his fate.
Caesar speaks.
Caesar, it’s struck eight.
Caesar, all hail!
Caesar, and since Sextus Pompeius was spoiled in Sicily, we had not rated him his part in the island.
Caesar, beware of Brutus.
Caesar, I bring you the word Menecrates and Menas, famous pirates, to make the sea serve them, which they ear and wound with keels of any kind.
Caesar, I’m going.
Caesar, I never stood on ceremonies, but now they’re frightening me.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, I will.
Caesar, my lord.
Caesar, you’re revenged, even with the sword that killed you.
Caesar, you can’t die by traitors’ hands unless you bring them with you.
Caesar, your thoughts are affecting this.
Caesar!
Caesar?
Caesar.
Caesar’s better parts will be crowned in Brutus!
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.
Caesar’s will?
Caesar’s.
Caius Ligarius is a man who rated him for speaking well about Pompey.
Caliban!
Call them.
Call Burgundy.— Cornwall and Albany, with my two daughters’ dowers, digest this third.
Call Claudio and some of my men.
Call my household servants out.
Call out Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest of the family.
Call her out to me.
Call her out, brother.
Call him here to me, soldier.
Call him here, good Monsieur Le Beau.
Call him in.
Call him.
Call in my lady.
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin.
Call in the messengers.
Call it my fear that keeps you in the house, not your own.
Call me what instrument you want, even if you can’t fret me, but you can’t play on me.
Call my guard, please.
Call my sister like that.
Call my train together.—Degenerate bastard, I won’t bother you.
Don’t call me your stocks.
Call Philostrate.
Call the clotpoll back.
Call the messenger.
Call the slave back.
Call them back again.
Call them out.
Call yourself “sister,” because I’m you.
Call me all my sad captains.
Call up the Master Constable.
Are you calling me “fair”?
Are you calling me daughter?
Are you calling this “gamut”?
Do you call this a slur?
Do you call me?
Call me, good Mercutio.
Call me!
Have you called me, my lord?
Calling death banishment, you cut my head off with a golden ax and smiled at the stroke that killed me.
Is that my lord?
Are you calling your Worship?
Calphurnia here, my wife, stays at home.
Calphurnia!
Calphurnia’s cheek is pale, and Cicero looks like a ferret and a fiery face as we saw him in the Capitol being crossed in a meeting by some senators.
Cambio is transformed into Lucentio.
Cambio.
Didn’t he come home tonight?
Didn’t they come by you?
Have you come from Padua, from Bellario?
Can any of your neighbors tell you, Kate?
Can anything be done about this?
Can Fulvia die?
Can he be angry?
Can he deny that?
Can heaven be so envious?
Can I bear that with patience, and not my husband’s secrets?
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can it be possible that no man saw them?
Can’t prayers pierce you?
Can virtue hide itself?
Can you blame her for being a maid who rose over with the virgin crimson of modesty, if she denies the appearance of a naked blind boy in her naked eyes?
Can you deny all this?
Can you do it?
Can you ask him out and be edified by a report?
Can’t you use your discontent to make money?
Can’t you imagine?
Can’t you stay for a while?
Can you remember any of the principal evils he committed to women?
Can you smell him out of that?
Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, is banished with her father?
Can you tell me whether one Launcelot who lives with him, or not, is living with him?
Can’t live his life, dear God, so I can say, “The dog is dead.”
Canidius and the rest of the people who fell away have entertainment but no honorable trust.
Canidius, our nineteen legions will be held by land, and our twelve thousand horse.
Can’t a plain man live and think no harm, but he must be abused with silky, sly, insinuating jacks?
Can’t Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights?
Can you blame him?
Can you bring me to the party?
Can you hold your eyes up for a while and touch your instrument a bit?
Can you remember a time before we came to this cell?
Can you help me so badly?
Can you command the beggar’s knee when you’re kneeling?
Captain Fluellen.
Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman, that’s true, and he’s a great soldier and a great expert in the wars, based on my particular knowledge of his direction.
Captain Macmorris, I beg you now, will you scolde me, look at me, some disagreements with you as a part of the war, the Roman wars?
Captain Macmorris, I think, look, under your correction, there aren’t many of your nation—of my nation?
Captain Macmorris, when there’s more opportunity to be required, look, I’ll be so bold as to tell you I know the rules of war, and there’s an end.
Captain, I beg you to do me good.
He’s always in the eye of every old man, and when he’s in the mood, he’ll never lie.
Then he was transported to Colmekill, the sacred storehouse of his predecessors, and guardians of their bones.
Take him to my fairest room and hang it around with all my ill-fated pictures.
Go to jail?
Go to jail for this mad man.—Father Baptista, I’m telling you that he’s ready.
Carthage?
Casca will tell us what’s going on.
Casca, be sudden, because we’re afraid of prevention.
Casca, by your voice.
Casca, you’re the first person to raise your hand.
Cassio did top her, ask your husband else.
Cassio has been set on here in the dark by Roderigo and fellows who have escaped.
Cassio doesn’t know you.
Cassio will have my place.
Cassio, do you think they should be the ones who have mangled you?
Cassio, my lord, has killed a young Venetian named Roderigo.
Cassio, my lord?
Cassio!
Cassio’s a good man.
Cassio’s my worthy friend— My lord, I see you’re moved.
Cassius will deliver Cassius from the bondage.
Cassius, be calm.
Cassius, don’t be fooled.
Cassius, go to the other street and part the numbers.
Cassius, what night is this?
Get it out of here!
Don’t cast on water.
Cast your humble slough,” says she.
Catesby, go to the duke.
Catesby, look at the walls.
Catesby.
The lust of the king is never more admired than the lustful.
Censure me in your wisdom, and awaken your senses so you can judge better.
You’re a sane, most blustery lady, your rich leas of wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peas; your turfy mountains
Some, then.
Certain, men should be what they seem.
I’ll bet my conscience will help me run away from this Jew, my master.
Yes, sir, I can.
Cesario is your servant’s name, fair princess.
Cesario, come, because you’ll be as good as you are, while you’re a man.
Cesario, you don’t keep your promise with me.
Cessez!
Challenge me the count’s youth to fight with him.
Do you change your color?
Charles, I thank you for your love for me, which you’ll find I’ll be requiting.
Charmian, listen.
Charmian!
Chastisement!
Cheer your heart.
Cheers, boys.
Cheers, good Adam.
Is that the nature’s frame frugal?
Don’t let go of it, sir, without a sigh of a sigh.
Chill pick your teeth, sir.
Choose your revenge yourself.
Chop off his head.
Chopped logic!
Cicero is dead, and he’s a proscription.
Cicero one?
Clarence still breathes, Edward still lives and reigns.
Claribel.
Claudio!
Cleopatra has nodded him to her.
Cleopatra— Do you think there was or could be such a man as this I dreamed of?
Cleopatra— Why should I think you’re my true man—though you swear to shake the throne gods—who have been false to Fulvia?
Cleopatra, who only caught the least noise of this, dies instantly.
Cleopatra, don’t abuse my master’s bounty by removing yourself.
Cleopatra, not what you’ve reserved or what you’ve acknowledged.
Close by, my master.
Clubs can’t break them.
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Cobweb.
I’m cold friends to me.
Cold, cold, my girl, even like your chastity.
Is it coldhearted toward me?
Do you have to pay for ransom again?
Come on, good Audrey.
Come away, go away.
Come away, servant, come.
Come on.
Come between us, Benvolio.
Come by and by to my room.
Come down, see no more.
Come down.
Come out, I say.
Come out, you fearful man.
Come out.
Come from your ward, because I can disarm you with this stick and make your weapon drop.
Come here, captain.
Come here, Catesby.
Come here, come!
Come here, Fabian.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, fellow.
Come here, gentlemen, and lay your hands on my sword again.
Come here, good Volumnius.
Come here, herald.—Let the trumpet sound,— And read this.
Come here, knight.
Come here, Leonato.
Come here, man.
Come here, my mistress.
Come here, Seacole.
Come here, Nurse.
Come here, Proculeius.
Come here, sir.
Come here, sir.
Come here, you rogue!
Come on, and wake Diana with a hymn!
Come in, tailor.
Let’s go.
Come like shadows, so depart!
Don’t come in here, uncle.
Don’t come near Casca.
Come now, keep your oath.
What dances should we have to wear away this long time of three hours between our dinner and bedtime?
Come on, let’s talk about your promise.
Come on and kiss me, Kate.
Come on, then.
Come on, tell me.
Come on, come on.
Come on, my lord, look good and look good.
Come on, God’s name, and go back to our father’s house.
Come on, Nerissa, I have some work to do that you don’t know.
Come on, sir knave, tell me how you’ve done your job.
Come on, sir.
Come on, then.
Come on, come on.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, one more.
Come out of the storm.
Come on the next sabbath, and I’ll be happy to help you.
Come on.
Come on, take the last warmth of my lips.
Are they from a noble family?
Don’t come out for ransom, gentle herald.
Come on, Signior Fabian.
Come to me, so I can speak more about this.
Come to me soon after dinner, Tyrrel, when you tell me the process of their death.
Come to what matters.
Come with a thought.
Come with my lady here.
Are you coming from old Bellario?
Do you come to make confession to this Father?
Come on, sir.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on, “The croaking raven bellows for revenge—”
Come on, Antonio.
Come on, get out of here!
Come on, go away.
Come on, Balthasar, we’ll hear that song again.
Come on, be a man.
Come on, start.
Come on, ask me to do anything for you.
Come, bird, come.
Come, blade, my breast imbrue.
Come with me, boy.
Come on, boy.
Come, firebrands, firebrands.
Come on, bring me to my chance.
Come, bring me where they are.
Come, bring us, bring us where he is.
Come, brother; let’s go!
Come on, hurry up, hurry up.
Come on, Casca, you and I will see Brutus at his house on the day.
Come on, Charmian.
Come, civil night, you handsome matron, all in black, and learn how to lose a winning match played for a pair of stainless-steel-trained women.
Come, take a queen who has many babies and beggars!
Come on, come away.
Come on, come away.
Come with me, and we’ll make a short work.
Come, come, go away.
Come, come, dispatch.
Come on, do you think I don’t know you by your excellent wit?
Come on, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it’s well used.
Come, come, let’s go.
Come on, I won’t be a fool anymore, to put the finger in the eye and weep while man and master laugh my sorrows to shame.
Come on, you’re as hot a Jack in your mood as any other in Italy, and you’re as soon as you’re feeling moody, and so soon as you’re feeling moody.
Come on, come, we’re afraid of the worst.
Come, come, we know what you mean, brother Gloucester.
Come, come, fight with your affections.
Come on, you’re a fool, and you’ve turned it into the extreme love of love.
Come on, you froward and unable worms!
Come on, come, you’ll never meet a more dependable man.
Come on, you’re drunk.
Come on, come!
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, cousin, I’m sure you love the gentleman.
Come, death, and welcome!
Come, Desdemona, I have only an hour to spend with you.
Come, Dolabella, see the high order in this great honor.
Come down into the boat.
Come on, draw the curtain, Nerissa.
Come, Dromio, come, these sneezes are out of season.
Come, father, I’ll give you a friend.
Come, for the third time, Laertes.
Come, Friar Francis, be brief, only to the plain form of marriage, and you’ll tell us their particular duties later.
Come, gentlemen, let’s go to my tent to discuss the business of tomorrow.
Come on, gentlemen, let’s go.
Come on, go with me.
Come in.
Come on, we’ll go to the king.
Come on, we’ll go to the king.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come on, go.
Come on, good Athenian.
Come on, good fellow, put your iron on.
Come, Grey.
Come, Hamlet, come and take this hand from me.
Come on, hang them on this line.
Come, help your master.
Come on, how would you praise me?
Come on, I’ll bring you to your bridal chamber.
Come on, I’ll have you, but I’ll take you for pity.
Come on, I’ll leave you with a sisterhood of holy nuns.
Come on, I’ll go in with you.
Come, what key should a man take you to go in the song?
Come, example.
Come on, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come on, Kate, we’ll go to bed.
Come on, let me have a bigger one.
Come on, let me wipe your face.
Let’s go.
Come on, let’s wait until we get ready, so that we can digest our savages in some form.
Come on, let’s go to the banquet.
Come on, let’s go to the castle.
Come on, let’s all take care of our hands until we’ve soaked our sense in a soft and delicate Lethe.
Come on, let’s go to prison.
Let’s go.
Let’s do so.
Come on, let’s have one other gaudy night.
Do you want to comfort Edward with our company?
Come on, march to fairs and markets.
Come on, Menas.
Come on, mistress Kate, I’ll keep you safe.
Come on, more, another stanzo.
Come, my dear Cordelia.
Come on, my lord, and tell me in our flight how it came this night that I was found sleeping here with these mortals on the ground.
Come on, my lord.
Come on, my words.
Come on, my sweet Kate.
Come on, my young soldier, put up your iron.
Come, Nerissa.—
Come, night.
Come, no matter what you’re doing.
Come on, one for me.
Come, poor friends, rest on this rock.
Come on, prepare.
Come on, put my armor on.
Come, Romeo.
Come, find out the conspirators.
Come on, will I make you two friends?
Come on, should we do it?
Come on, should we fall to work?
Come on, should we go and kill us venison?
Come on, should we hear this music?
Come on, Sir Andrew, there’s no remedy.
Come, sir, get out of here.
Come on, sir, I’m for you.
Come, sir, please, go.
Come on, sir, I won’t let you go.
Come to dinner, sir.—Dromio, keep the gate.
Come, sir, what letters did you have from France late?
Come on, sir, will you come aboard?
Come on, sir, you threw it to her, and her will is that it should be returned.
Come on, sir.
Come on, sire, no more.—Oh, Oswald, ho!
Come on, sirs.
Come, sister.—Shepherdess, look at him better and be not proud.
Come, sisters, cheer him up and show us the best of our delights.
Come, sit down, every mother’s son, and listen to your thoughts.—Pyramus, you start.
Come on, sit on me.
Come on, sit, sit, and sing a song.
Come on, listen to some music!
Come on, listen to some music!
Come on, stir up, stir up, stir up!
Come on, sweet Audrey.
Come on, tailor, let’s see it.
Come on, tailor, let’s see these ornaments.
Come on, don’t talk about her.
Come, temperate nymphs, and help celebrate a true love contract.
Come on, the recorders!
Come on, there’s a sauce for it.
So come, and send his body to Thasos.
Come, day in night, because you’ll lie on the wings of night more White than snow on a raven’s back.
Come, you mortal wretch, with your sharp teeth this knot is intrinsic to life once again.
Come on, you tortoise!
Come on, throw it out of my face.
Come on, trusty sword.
Come, uncle Exeter, go and enter Harfleur.
Come on, Vaughan.
Come on, vial.
Come on, wait on him.
Come, warble, come.
Come on, we’re burning daylight!
Come on, we’ll have him in a dark room and bound him.
Come on, we’ll sleep.
Come on, what does Romeo say?
Where’s the chain?
Come on, why should you be so sane?
Come on, will you come with me?
Come on, listen to me, listen to me, because now I’m in a holiday mood, and I’m like enough to consent.
Come on, you and I will go here now.
Come on, you’re too serious to be moraler.
Come on, you’re fooling yourself.
Come on, you look paler and paler.
Come on, listen to your broken music, because your voice is music and your English broken.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Is Caesar coming to the Capitol tomorrow?
Is his army on the way?
Isn’t that blood as modest as it is to witness simple virtue?
Is there any more of it?
Be calm.
Coming from Sardis, two mighty eagles fell on our former ship, and they perched there, sanding and feeding from our soldiers' hands, who brought Philippi here to rescue us.
Command him away.
Give him a shout and tell him I won’t fail him at dinner, because he’s really prepared.
Give my praises to Lord William.
Give my kind lord praise.
Give my praise to your lady, and ask her to hurry up to bed, which makes them apt to do.
Give my praises to your lady.
Give my praise to your mistress.
Give my praises to your daughter.
Have you been told?
Come on, come on!
Company is coming.
Tell the Duke of this indignity.
Conceit the weakest bodies in the strongest works.
Ask her father.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, Brags of his substance, not of ornament.
It’s a blessing to think about it, but as your daughter may think—Friend, look at it.
Let’s conclude that he’s in love.
Go to my host.
I’d have been a part of my confession.
Give her your help to put you back in your place.
I’m working on my medicine, my work!
They were arranged in the same manner you gave them in charge, as you left them, all prisoners, sir, in the grove which protects your cell.
Confirmed, confirmed!
He’s now making a mistake.
Confusion’s cure doesn’t live in these confusions.
Conrade, I say!
Conscience and grace, to the deepest pit!
I should stay with the Jew my master, who, God bless the name of the devil, is a kind of devil.
If you’re willing to pay you that I never had?—Arror me, foolish man, if you dare.
Accept to swear.
Think about how it stands for me.
So let’s look at the fact that we’re only coming in spite of it.
Contemning Rome, he’s done all this and more in Alexandria.
Contending with the fretful elements.
Let’s go, gentle coz.
What’s the difference between Hermia and her?
Let’s go, gentlemen.
Good-bye.
Content.
Content.
Go get her to my tent.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood, then the charm is firm and good.
Coraggio, bully-monster, if these are true spies I wear in my head, here’s a good sight.
Corinth first.
We’ll be back for a while.
Could beauty have better business than honesty, my lord?
I could repair what she will wear in me as I can change these poor adversities, and it would be better for Kate and better for myself.
Could my good brother suffer you to do it— A man, a prince by him so benefitted?
Can’t a worm, an adder, do that?
Can’t you tell me that I hate you and made me leave you like that?
Don’t you have to give up?
Claudio?
Count the clock.
Take my daughter, and with her I’ll be able to do my best.
Counterfeit, I assure you.
Counterfeit?
County Claudio, when are you going to church?
Add it to something.
Be calm, man.
Be calm.
Good lord, let’s say one thing.
Cousin of Buckingham, let’s talk to you.
Cousin, you weren’t going to be so dull.
Cousin, you’re apprehending shrewdly.
Cousins, I hope the days are near here that the rooms will be safe.
Cousins, you know what you have to do.—Oh, I cry you mercy, friend.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Crack your fragile case!—Apace, Eros, hurry up.
He’s been killed?
Don’t croak, black angel.
Don’t cross him in nothing.
Tell him that, and then I grant we put a sting on him so he can be in danger.
Crowner’s quest law.
I have crowns in my purse and goods at home, and so I’m coming abroad to see the world.
Please, cry “holla” to your tongue.
Tell me one fair word to my gossip, one nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Abraham Cupid, who shot so true when King Cophetua loved the beggar maid.—He doesn
Please, lords and gentlemen, that you’re a tardy sluggard here.
Give the man mercy, love him, and take his offer.
Crystal is muddy.
Cunningham.
Cupid is a knavish man who makes poor females mad.
Cure her of that.
Don’t curse yourself, fair creature; you’re both.
I’m sorry I did!
Cursed to be your stones for deceiving me like this!
Cut my lace, Charmian, and come!
D'elbow.” “D'elbow,” “De nick,” “De nick.” “De chin.” “De sin.”
Damned as you are, you’ve enchanted her!
Do you want to kill a friend of mine?
The dark night, that takes the eye, makes the ear more panicy.
Darkness and devils!
It doesn’t matter how much France loves—I can’t tell you how to kiss.
Day, night, hour, tide, time, work, play, alone, in company, I’ve always been a good friend to have her matched.
You’re dead!
Dead, dead?
I think it’s dead.—Help, uncle!—Hero, why, Hero!
That’s dead, then?
Dead?
Dead.
Dear Celia, I’m more sane than I am a mistress, and would you be a bit merrier?
Dear Duff, please, contradict yourself and say it’s not true.
Dear general, I never gave you any reason to say anything.
Dear Kate, you and I can’t be confined to the poor list of country’s fashion.
Dear lad, believe it.
Dear lady— Please leave me alone.
Hello, dear lady.
Dear love, adieu.—Aon, good Nurse!—Sweet Montague, be true.
Dear master, I can’t go any further.
Dear my lord, don’t know her.
Dear lord, if you’ve defended her youth and defeated her virginity—I know what you would say: if I knew her, you’ll say she embraces me as a husband, and so ex
Dear lord, tell me what you’re saying.
Dear sir, stop!
Dear sovereign, listen to me.
Dear, they wouldn’t, and I didn’t, because my people bore me, or put a mark on the business so bloody, but with more fairness, they painted their ugly ends.
Dearly, my delicate Ariel.
Death and damnation!
Death is my heir.
Death is my son-in-law.
Death is the fairest cover for her shame that could be wished for.
Death is on her like a frost on the sweetest flower in the world.
He’s still alive, though he’s not alive.
One person can only pay death once, and she has been paid.
Death of your soul!
Death, in a guerdon of her wrongs, gives her fame that never dies.
Death, who sucked the honey of your breath, has yet had no power on your beauty.
Death, who has sent her to make me cry, ties up my tongue and won’t let me speak.
Death, traitor!
Death is the end of all.
Decius Brutus doesn’t love you.
Decius, tell them that Caesar won’t come.
Decius, well urged.
Declare your job.
Do it!
Don’t delay, Caesar.
Wait for a month, a week.
Don’t ask me anything.
Demand.
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.
Demetrius loves her, and he doesn’t love you.
Demetrius loves you.
Demetrius doesn’t think so.
Demetrius, I’ll keep my word with you.
That’s what I’m saying.
Denmark’s a prison.
Don’t give me this, and you’ll be cursed forever!
Don’t you refuse to speak with me?
Descend, brother, I say.
Descend, because you have to be my torchbearer.
Descend.
I’d like him to go in.
Stop, and drink.
Despair and die!
Despair, and die!
Don’t shame me if I don’t.
Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, killed!
Don’t jot down, I’m telling you.
Dexterously, good madonna.
Didn’t you wake up?
Did Cicero say anything?
Did Dian ever become a grove as a grove as Kate in this chamber with her princely gait?
Did a dragon ever keep such a beautiful cave?
Did he ask for me?
Did he confess?
He was alive now.
Didn’t he ever make you laugh?
Didn’t he discredit my authority with yours rather than make the wars against my stomach, having the same effect on your cause?
Didn’t he say my brother was leaving?
Did he get you well?
Did he take interest?
Did heaven look on and don’t want to take part?
Did I deserve nothing more than a fool’s head?
Didn’t I ask you to meet me in the park and bring these rascal knaves with you?
Didn’t I meet your friends?
Didn’t I tell you she was innocent?
Didn’t I, fellow?
Did I ever love Caesar like that, Charmian?
Did Michael Cassio know when you wooed my lady, about your love?
Did my father strike my gentleman for chiding at him?
Didn’t great Julius bleed for justice?
Didn’t her kitchenmaid scolde me, taunt me, and scorn me?
Didn’t you speak?
Didn’t you tell me I should know the man he had on his clothes?
Did she see you there for a while, old boy?
Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house today while the guilty doors were shut and I refused to enter in my house?
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
Did we, my lord?
Did you and he consent to Cassio’s death?
Did you talk to him?
Did you have a conversation with this lady, sir?
Did you ever cure anything like that?
Did you know him?
Did you hear someone say, “Two can keep a good friend, putting one away”?
Did you never see the picture of “We Three”?
Didn’t you speak to it?
Did you see how he laughed at his vice?
Did you say everything?
Did you say Cassio?
Did you see him?
Did you see Master Lorenzo?
Did you send to him, sir?
Did you?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief?
Dido and her Aeneas will want troops, and all the haunts will be ours.—Come, Eros, Eros!
Did you hear her speak?
Didn’t you mention that?
Did you see?
Did you see Octavia?
Did you dream, Lucius, that you cried out so loud?
Did you give everything to your two daughters, and are you coming to this?
Did you hear these verses?
Didn’t you fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter?
Didn’t you hear a noise?
Didn’t you hear someone?
Didn’t you hear their shouts?
Didn’t you kill this king?
Didn’t you say he’s coming?
Didn’t you say he lied?
Did you see anything?
Die and be damned, and it’s good.
Die for adultery?
Die when you’ve lived.
Dighton and Forrest, whom I swore to do this ruthless butchery, were fleshed villains, bloody dogs, melted with tenderness and mild compassion, and wept like
I’ve been drank at home”?
Ding, dong, bell.
I’m going to Caesar’s funeral.
Are you a bit sceptical about that?
Discuss: are you a commander or are you a common, popular, and common?
She’s so angry and angry that everything else seems weak to her.
Don’t be ashamed of your mothers.
Disloyal?
Don’t you think this is the captains Macbeth and Banquo?
Dismiss me?
Dismiss me.
Go see what you’re doing.
Take your tuck away, be prepared, because your assailant is quick, skillful and deadly.
We’re now in awe of the disorder that has spoiled us, friend.
Let’s get to the point, so that our king will come here to ask about our delay, because he’s already landed in this land.
Dispose, I say, and find the forester.
Discord.
Dispatch.—Enobarbus!
Dispatch.—O love, that you could see my wars today, and that you knew the royal occupation!
Disput it like a man.
Don’t dissemble your hatred.
Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain so I can say the gods themselves weep!
Do it, knight.
Do it.
Do all men kill the things they don’t love?
Go, as I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do what I told you.
Do as you want, because I’ve done with you.
Just go after him and see how he continues.
Look.
But just promise, Kate, you’ll be a good boy for your French part, and for my English moiety take the word of a king and a bachelor.
Just read.
Do I invite you?
Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post, a staff or a prop?
Do I speak to you fairly?
Do it immediately, or your services are only a result of accidents.
Do it carefully.—And the noble and true-hearted Kent was banished, his offense honesty!
Don’t do it with poison.
Do it quickly.
Do it, England, because like the hectic in my blood he rages, and you have to cure me.
Do it.
Don’t play me foul, friends.
Do me right, or I’ll protest your cowardice.
Don’t abuse me.
Don’t answer me.
Don’t go to the hotel until you hear me call you.
Don’t believe that I would play and trifle with your reverence.
Don’t ask me to speak.
Don’t break it off, because we can pity you, even if we don’t pardon you.
Don’t deny to him that you love me.
Don’t deny that.
Don’t want to see this letter.
I’ll have my lord and you again as friendly as you were.
Don’t worry about our person.
Don’t fret yourself too much about the action, monsieur.
Don’t go out today.
Don’t laugh at me, because I think this lady is my child Cordelia.
Don’t learn about him, Emilia, even if he’s your husband.
Don’t lie so close to me.
Don’t presume I’m my love.
Don’t rise yet.
Don’t run away.
Don’t say “banishment.” From now on, you’re banned from Verona.
Don’t say that, Lysander.
Don’t say that, my lord.
Don’t do that.
Don’t swear at all.
Don’t talk to me, Emilia.
Don’t walk too open.
Don’t think it’s so unwholesome.
Don’t think I’m drunk, gentlemen.
Don’t torture me, please.
Don’t torture me.
Don’t cry, don’t cry.
Don’t chide yourself.
Don’t you hear a cry?
Don’t you love me?
Don’t interfere.
Don’t wear your dagger in your cap that day, so he won’t knock that over yours.
Don’t do yourself such a wrong, who are in this ruined but not betrayed.
Don’t, my lord.
Don’t, Phoebe.
Do Poor Tom some charity, whom the foul fiend vexes.
Do so, and after two days I’ll leave you.
Do so, and tell my sweet to prepare to scold me.
Do so, Messala.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do so.
Do that good mischief that could make this island your own forever, and I, Caliban, for your footlicker.
Do the boys carry it away?
Do then, but I won’t hear anything.
Are they getting rusty?
Do they think they did the same thing when I was in the city?
Do this quickly, and turn him into a man.
Do this suddenly, and don’t go search and inquisition to bring back these foolish runaways.
Do you stand for him.
You’re meeting me at the harbor.—Come here.
Do your duty, and do your duty, because my master and mistress are almost dead.
Do your job.
Do your worst.
We all have holy rites.
We’ll only find the power of the tyrant tonight, so we can be beaten if we can’t fight.
Do so.
Do we bother you?
Do what you want, and you’ll be dishonored by humor.
Do you change it then.
Do you think his “tenders,” like you call them?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Do you bite your thumb at us?
Are you coming near me now?
Do you confess so much?
Do you confess the contract?
Do you agree that we’ll inform him of it, as we need it to be, and as we need it?
Do you doubt that?
You’re tempted to anger Cassio either by speaking too loud or tainting his discipline, or by letting him go, and you’ll be more likely to minister.
Do you feel so dreadful that you can let this go?
Are you back feeling dismayed?
Do you hear a battle about it, sir?
Do you hear that, Cassio?
Do you hear them, masters?
Do you hear me, you minion?
Do you hear that?
Do you want it?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you know him?
Do you know me, Father?
Do you know me, my lord?
Do you know me, sir?
Do you know them?
Do you know what you’re saying?
Do you like me, Kate?
Do you like this rush?
Do you love me?
Do you remember that, my lord?
Do you remember that?
Do you misdoubt this sword and these wounds?
Don’t you hear him?
Don’t you hear it ring?
Don’t you hear me speak?
Don’t you hear anything, fellows?
Don’t you scolde?
Don’t you know I’m a woman?
Don’t you know me, Father?
Don’t you remember that Bardolph saw a flea stick on Bardolph’s nose, and he said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Don’t you remember, lady, that in your father’s time you were a Venetian, a scholar and a soldier who came here in the company of the Marquess of Montferrat?
Don’t you see that I’m out of breath?
Do you see in all this noble company where you owe most obedience?
Do you put tricks on a bunch of savages and men of Ind, ha?
Do you have a fight, sir?
Do you think I should be a good man, because I’m a simple, honest man?
Do you see this, God?
Do you see a cloud that’s almost like a camel?
Do you see, gentlemen?
Do you sing it, and I’ll dance it.
Do you smell a fault?
Do you speak in the sick tune?
Do you think I meant country matters?
Do you think I’ll be sworn?
Do you win?
Do you wish the gods had made me poetical?
Take a moment to get out of here.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it, my friend.
Do, good William.
Please, I’m sorry, but I’ll admit that tears don’t become a man.
Do, if it doesn’t stand.
Do, with a timorous accent and a dire yell, as when, by night and negligence, the fire is spied in populous cities.
Do it, young sir.
Do it.
Does anyone here know me?
Does he rave?
Does she?
Doesn’t it go well?
Doing is a job, and he will still do it.
Dolabella, I’ll remain your debtor.
Dolabella!
Dolabella!
Dolor comes to him, indeed.
The civil war will ravaged all parts of Italy.
Don Pedro is approaching.
Donalbain.
The Hero who died here was slanderous.
Don’t.
Dorset has fled to Richmond.
Dorset, embrace him.—Hastings, love Lord Marquess.
Do you fall?
Do you grant me, hedgehog?
Do you affect her, Claudio?
Do you believe that the boy can do all this that he has promised?
Are you calling me a fool, boy?
Do you forget what a torment I freed you of?
Do you hear it, Iago?
Do you hear anything, lady?
Do you hear me, my honest friend?
Do you hear it?
Do you still live there?
Do you think, in conscience—tell me, Emilia—there are women who abuse their husbands in such a cruel manner?
Do you know me, fellow?
Do you know the difference, my boy, between a bitter fool and a sweet fool?
Do you lie so low?
Do you lie still?
Do you live by your slur?
Do you love me?
Do you love pictures?
Do you mean the crown?
Do you mock me?
Don’t you bring me letters from the friar?
Don’t you see my baby at my breast, that’s the nurse who sleeps?
Don’t you suspect my place?
Don’t you suspect my years?
Are you scolding, rogue?
Do you say that?
Are you squinting at me?
Do you think Alexander looked like this on earth?
Do you think I’m looking for a satire or an epigram?
Do you think if I stood against you, would the retribution of any trust, virtue, or worth in you give you your words?
Do you think so, spirit?
Do you understand me, man?
Is Fortune playing the huswife with me now?
Doesn’t he deserve a good deal?
Don’t he re-empower him?
Is his Majesty indifferent to it or not?
So, is it going to be that you should love his son?
Is it?
Does my simple feature help you?
Don’t you say yes, Nurse, what about that?
Don’t Brutus kneel without a boot?
Doesn’t my wit become me very rarely?
Don’t you break the day here?
Doesn’t the gentleman deserve as much a bed as ever as Beatrice will sleep?
Doesn’t she count her blessed, unworthy, lady that we have made such a worthy gentleman to be her bride?
I’m going to die.” No, but first let me see, let me see, let me see.
Is the moon shining that night?
Is this news of good King Edward’s death?
Do you hear your other mouth call me?
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble, Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
It’s not true, as two spent swimmers clinging together and choking their art.
A raven, ravening lamb, feathered by doves!
They’re centaurs, though women are all above.
I’ll tell you in your ear that you can sell when you can; you’re not for all markets.
Down with him, thief!
Down with the Capulets!
Down with the Montagues!
Down with the topmast!
Down, and swear.
So go down and beg the Duke to forgive him.
Close, sluggish windows.
Draw and come.
Draw your honest sword, which you have worn most usefully for your country.
Draw the curtain straight.
Draw the curtains—so, so, so.
Draw your sword and give me a stroke of death.
Draw your sword.
Draw your tool!
Draw together.
Draw up your powers.
Draw, you rascal!
Draw, you rascal.
Draw your sword, because even if it’s night yet the moon shines.
Draw your sword, or I’ll make you so rogue.
Dream on, dream on, of bloody deeds and death.
Drink.
Drink when I asked you, servant-monster.
Dromio—you, Dromio—you snail, you slug, you sot.
Dromio, go ask the servants to spread for dinner.
Dromio, or you?
Dromio, what stuff did you have to do with mine?
Drones aren’t coming with me.
Drowning cats and blind puppies!
Drown yourself?
Drunk?
We drink our blood with dry sorrow.
Dry up her body and never give her a baby to honor her.
You’re due for a necklace your husband had with him.
Duke Frederick, hearing how men of great worth retreated to this forest every day, addressed a powerful power, who were on foot in his own way, to take his brother here and put him to the sword.
I’m saying that.
I’m not sure what’s going on.
That’s true, my lord.
That’s true.
The Nile is a pretext for famine.
Every heart in Rome loves and pitys you.
Every new day, new widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrows Strike heaven on the face so that it resounds like it felt with Scotland and yelled out like a sy
We’ll rise and leave early tomorrow.
In fact, stealing men often do so near the bottom run by fear or a sluggish sluggish.
I’m nothing.
Edmund and I have talked, and he’s more convenient for my hand than for your lady’s.
Edmund is gone, I think, in pity of his misfortune to dispatch his night life, and to descry the strength of the enemy.
Edmund is dead, my lord.
Edmund, goodbye.
Edmund, seek him out, turn me into him, please.
Edward Plantagenet, why are you dead?
Edward’s unhappy sons want you to flourish.
Egypt, you knew too well that my heart was tied to your rudder, and you should swoop me after you.
Eight score eight hours?
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and only twelve people there!
Either be patient and be fair, or I’ll drown your exclamations with the clamorous report of war.
Either heaven strikes the murderer dead with lightning, or the earth opens wide and eats him quick, as you swallow up this good king’s blood, which his hell-governed arm has butcherched!
Either my eyesight fails, or you look pale.
Either send the necklace, or send me some token.
Either there’s a civil battle in heaven, or the world, too sane with the gods, encourages them to send destruction.
Either you or I, or both of us must go with him.
Either you, Macbeth, or I’ll shave my sword with an unbattered edge again and again.
Either go to some private place, and explain your grievances coldly, or else go away.
The Puck’s a liar call.
Richmond’s rash-stricken strength makes me more upset with him than Buckingham’s.
All three of them are ready.
Emilia, run to the citadel and tell my lord and lady what’s happened.—Do you want to go on this journey?
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber.
Enjoy your plainness.
Enobarbus, Antony has sent you all your treasure, with his bounty overplus.
Enobarbus, welcome.
Enobarbus?
Enough to buy what you’ve made known.
Enough, Captain.
Enough, I’m engaged.
Enough.
Enough.
Enough.
Enter the castle, sir.
Epicurism and lust make it more like a tavern or a brothel than a palace.
If he leaves this grove, you’ll fly him, and he’ll seek your love.
He’s going to take ship for France and Southampton.
I’ll obey.
I’m sorry, I’m telling you how my good friend is doing.
I’d say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen, and I would change my humanity with a baboon.
I wish I could copy it.
The bat has escaped his cloistered flight, and the black Hecate’s summons the shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums will be rung up night’s
Ergo, Master Launcelot.
Eros, do you see me yet?
Eros, would you be hung in the great Rome and see your master like this with pleached arms, bending down his corrigible neck, his face smothered to shame, while the wheeled seat of
I’m wrong about the bill, sir, I’m wrong about the bill!
Eternity was in our lips and eyes, a bliss in our brows’ bent bent, and none of our parts were so poor, but it was a race of heaven.
You’d trot as well if some of your brags were dismounted.
There’s a toy in hand here, sir.
It’s just like a flattened dream or a useless fancy.
Even as men wracked on a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide.
Thank you for that.
I’m asking you, for our love of old, to hold my sword in my hands while I run on it.
Now, even for the blood I lost for you, I’ll get justice.
The one who makes her queen.
Oh, he’s right, madam.
He’s just that, sir.
He’s just that.
We’re shaking hands here.
Antipholus has given me just the money I owe you.
Now a tailor called me in his shop and showed me silks he had bought for me, and then took my body measurements.
We’ve housed him in the abbey here, and now he’s there, thinking about human reason.
Now, very now, an old black ram is tupping your white ewe.
Now, sir.
Even or oddly, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night she’ll be fourteen.
She’s the Hero of Leonato, your Hero, every man’s Hero.
Since you left it.
Even so great men should endure great losses.
She lies in that she’s Blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Can one catch the plague so quickly?
And so?
That’s true.
That’s true.
That’s true.
That’s true.
That’s true.—Cover their faces.
You’re a husband like her for a wife.
You’ll be here tonight at my house.
And then this plague is fated to us when we get ready.
That’s what I’m paying for.
The tragedians of the city are the ones you were willing to delight in.
I’ll do whatever I want, my lord.
Even if you want, since you’ll have it.
Ever weeping for your cousin’s death?
Every hour he’s committing one crime or another that puts us all at odds.
Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil.
Every man looks at his part.
Everybody wants to follow this beautiful corse to her grave.
Every one who does that is a traitor and must be hanged.
Everyone.
Every subject’s duty is the king’s, but every subject’s soul is his own.
Everyone knows that sound can distinguish itself.
Everything is fine.
Excuse me, my lord.
Good, I’m sure.
Good.
Good luck!
Good.
I’m sure it’s excellent for the chameleon’s dish.
Excellent!
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Give me forgiveness, noble Hamlet.
Don’t say anything else.
Experience, manhood, honor, never before did it.
Expose yourself to what wretches feel, so you can shake the superflux to them and show the heavens more just.
Expound to me, boy.
Eyes, do you see?
Eyes, look at your last sight.
Fa, sol, la, mi.
Fabian can’t hold him back.
Don’t face me.
Don’t miss our feast.
Fair and noble hostess, we’re your guest tonight.
Fair Beatrice, thank you for your efforts.
Good daylight?
Oh, and I’m fair Katherine, and I’m fair, will you be tempted to teach a soldier what to say, like to say at a lady’s ear and plead to her gentle heart?
Ladies, you’re dropping manna in the way of starvation.
Dear lady, I’m coming by your permission to give and receive.
Do you think you’re a fool?
Then there may be a more beautiful girl like Bianca.
Good lovers, you’ve been blessed to have you.
You’ve lost a lot of good sport.
I’m called Vincentio, my residence Pisa, and I’m bound to Padua to visit a son of mine that I’ve never seen for a long time.
I pity her, sir, and I wish I could help her more than I do myself.
Young man, I wish I could make you believe I love you.
If you’re a little bit a little sane, let me excuse myself.
I’m right.
Fairy King, come and see.
Yes, he’s losing his wits.
Yes, he’s been arrested for serious matters.
Yes, he’s boarded a land carrack tonight.
Yes, we are her privates.
Yes, here’s an English tailor who’s come here for stealing a French hose.
Yes, I can tell her age to an hour.
I don’t know what to say.
I didn’t see it, but I felt it hot in her breath.
I’ll go home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
Yes, that’s enough.
Oh, niece, you’re taxing Signor Benedick too much, but he’ll be meeting you, I don’t doubt it.
No, you can’t, as you can.
No one except Humfrey Hower, who called your Grace to breakfast once, came out of my company.
She heaved the name of “father” once or twice, as if it pressed her heart, Cried, “Sisters, sisters!
Yes, sir, so-so.
Yes, sir, you don’t need to worry.
Yes, some dregs of conscience are still in me.
Goodbye, stay here tonight.
Yes, that was not so good.
Yes, the priest was good enough for all the old gentleman’s saying.
Yes, there’s been a lot to do on both sides, and the nation doesn’t believe it’s a sin to tarnish them.
Yes, we can put up our pipes and go away.
We met and found the fight was on the seventh cause.
Let’s go.
Don’t fall a tear, I say.
Fall to it, or we’re running away.
Fall to it.
False face must hide what the false heart knows.
False justicer, why did you let her escape?
False to me?
If you’re a false-boding woman, stop your frantic curse, so you can’t hurt yourself.
False, false.
Hunger is in your cheeks.
I’m refusing to do anything much more to you.
I think I hear the beat drum.
Goodbye.
Goodbye for a while.
Goodbye, sir.
Goodbye, nymph.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, boy.
Goodbye, Jessica.
Goodbye, my liege.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, sir.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye to both of you.
Goodbye!
Farewell to the neighing steed and the shrill trump, the spirit-stirring drum, the ear-piercing fife, the royal banner, and all the quality
Farewell to the mighty troops and the big wars that make ambition virtue!
Goodbye until then.
Goodbye until then.
Goodbye to you.—And you.—And you, Volumnius.
Goodbye, and if my fortune doesn’t go away, I’ve lost a father, you a daughter.
Goodbye, and thanks.
Goodbye, dear Father.
Goodbye, dear mother.
Goodbye, everyone.
Goodbye, fair cruelty.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, goodbye.
Goodbye, father.
Farewell, because I have to leave you.
Goodbye, good Charles.
Goodbye, good Launcelot.
Goodbye, good Salisbury, and good luck go with you.
Goodbye, good Signior Love.
Goodbye, good Strato.
Goodbye, great chief.
Goodbye, hostess.
Goodbye, kind Charmian.
Goodbye, kind lord.
Goodbye, kind master.
Goodbye, my coz.
Goodbye, my dearest sister, goodbye.
Goodbye, Desdemona.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, my lord.
Goodbye, my lords.
Goodbye, sweet lord, and sister.
Goodbye, sweet masters.
Goodbye, sweet playfellow.
Goodbye, Hero.
Goodbye, you lob of spirits.
Goodbye, you a sad welcomer of glory.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!—God knows when we’ll meet again.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Fasten up, fast find.
Fate, show your force.
Father, it’s like this: you and all the world who talked about her have talked about her.
Father, wife, and gentlemen, adieu.
Father, I’m glad you’re here.
Father, I’m telling you to go here, by your reverence, to unfold (though we’ve been trying to keep in darkness what occasion we’re preparing for) what you know has been passed between this young man and
Father, come in.
Father, what news do you have?
He’s fathered, and yet he’s fatherless.
Fathers get their children often.
Fathers who wear rags make their children blind.
Fathers, don’t trust your daughters’ minds by what you see them act.
Favors?
Fear comes on me.
Fear it, my dear sister, and keep you in the rear of your affection, out of the shot and the danger of desire.
Fear it, Ophelia.
Don’t worry about me, man.
Don’t worry about me.
Don’t worry about me.—She and the duke her husband!
Don’t worry about my government.
Don’t worry, Baptista, we’ll be happy to help you.
Don’t worry, Cesario.
Don’t worry, my lord.
Don’t worry about it.
Don’t worry about my part in the dialogue.
Do you fear the boar, and go so unprepared?
Do you fear that, Antonio?
Fears and scruples shake us.
Are you fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian?
Feed him and don’t regard him.
Feed and sleep.
Feed him with apricots and dewberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries.
Do you feel your legs?
If you feel the loss, you can’t choose but weep the friend ever.
Fellow Grumio!
Come from the throng, sir.
Hello, I know you.
Do you have time with me?
Let’s go.
Take Desdemona here.
Get out of here!
Give me an iron crow.
Give me the handkerchief—my mind is wrong.
Get me this herb, and be here again, if the leviathan can swim in a league.
Get that gallant here.
Let’s go, and we’ll decide how to cut off some legacies.
Bring your master home.
Go on her!
Go on, please.
Go on!
Go on, foh!
“But yet.” “But yet” is like a jailer to bring out some monstrous malefactor.
Go on!
Fie, Demetrius!
I’m a savage man, I’m a savage man!
Oh, it’s rotten and filthy!
Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to help me grow my imagination.
You’ll be ashamed for being here forever, sir.
You shame your shape, your love, your wit, which, like a usurer, is all over there and doesn’t use any of those true uses that should bedecked by your shape, your love, your
Oh, sir!
Oh, sir!
Shame on you!
I’m sorry, how impatience you feel.
Oh, how my bones ache!
You’re running out of breath.
Oh, sir, sir!
I’ll tell you that!
No, there’s no such man.
You unhonest Satan!
What a question you’re asking if you’re near a lewd interpreter!
Hastings is such a slug that he doesn’t come to tell us whether they’ll come or not!
I’m sorry!
I’m sorry!
The fiery warriors fought on the clouds in ranks and squadrons and in the right form of war, which drizzled blood on the Capitol.
Fiery”?
Fiery”?
Fighting valiantly today.
Fill the cup, Lucius, until the wine o'clock.
You’re dead!
Filths only savor themselves.
Find out moonshine, find moonshine!
Find out this villain, Edmund.
Find them who have their names written here?
Find out the way, and I’ll find a man like that.
Find a bed, because I’ll rest my head on this bank.
A beautiful apparition!
Good, I’m sure!
Finish, good lady.
Fire and brimstone!
Fire!
I’ve passed on her to be a sane woman.
First he denied you had no right in him.
First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
First let me talk with this philosopher.—
Let’s go to dinner first.
First, resolve that.
First, as you know, my house in the city is richly decorated with gold, ewers and a base to lave her dainty hands; my hangings are all of Tyrian tapestry, in
First, go to the temple.
First, good Peter Quince, tell me what the play is about, then read the names of the actors, and so get to a point.
First, he recommends him to your noble self.
First, I ask you what they’ve done, thirdly, I ask you what they’ve done, sixth and lastly, why they’ve committed it, and, to conclude, what you’re doing to their charge.
First, I must tell you that Desdemona is in love with him.
First, if all obstacles were cut away and my path would be to the crown as the ripe income and due of birth, so much is my lack of spirit, so powerful and so many my defects, that I would rather hide
First, know my horse is tired, my master and mistress have fallen out.
First, madam, he’s well.
First of all, my word!
First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies can’t follow.
First, listen to your song by rote, and make sure to listen to each word a warbling note.
First, there’s the Neapolitan prince.
Five hundred poor people I pay annually, who have their hands slammed twice a day to heaven to pardon blood.
Five shillings to one on it, with any man who knows the laws, he can keep him—marry, not without the Prince be willing, because the guard should not offend any man, and it’s
I’ve spent five summers in farthest Greece, cruising through the borders of Asia, and cruising homeward, came to Ephesus, hoping to find something unhelpful, yet loath to leave the
Five and twenty, sir.
The burglary was as flat as ever.
Flatterers?—Now, Brutus, thank you.
Go this way, sir, when he couldn’t— Follow him, ho!
Fled to England?
He fled to his house amazed.
Flies can do this, but I have to fly from here.
The purple flower, hit with Cupid’s archery, sinks in the apple of his eye.
Fly and make peace with Caesar.
Fly further off, my lord, fly further off.
Go away and leave me.
Don’t fly.
Fly, fly, my lord.
Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly, fly!
Fly, masters!
Fly, my lord, fly.
So fly, noble Cassius, fly far away.
Fly?
Folded the writ up in the form of the other, signed it, gave it a safe impression, and placed it safely, the changeling never known.
Follow him, friends.
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot of your sex.
Follow me and get it.
Don’t follow me.
Follow me, lady.—Look at that pathetic villain.
Follow me, then.
Follow me.
Follow my mother.
Don’t follow me.
Follow that lord, and don’t look at him.
Follow the noise so far as we have quarters.
Follow your spirit, and on this charge, Cry “God for Harry, England, and Saint George!”
Follow them and see that they won’t suffer.
Follow, follow!
Follow me, please.
Follow”?
Followed the old man out.
Oh, he’s drunk, Sir Toby, an hour old.
Fool, don’t flatter yourself.
Fool, fool, fool, I say!
Fool, I say!
Fool, I’ll requite it in the highest degree.
Fool, speak well of yourself.
Fool!
Foolish slurs that run into a Russian bear’s mouth and have their heads crushed like rotten apples.
Foolish wench, to most of men this is a Caliban, and they to him are angels.
It’s very easy for Desdemona to subdue in any honest case.
For a fish without a fin, there’s a fowl without a feather.—Go, get out of here.
For a little while, follow me and help me.
For a taste: If a sleeve has a hind, let him find Rosalind.
For all the rest of the rest, they’ll take suggestions as a cat laps milk.
I don’t have any ears to his request for Antony.
For any good I’ve done myself to myself?
As long as you want to get justice, be assured you’ll get justice more than you want.
For a story I could ever read, hear by story or history, the course of true love never ran smoothly.
And besides these good news, it’s the celebration of his wedding.
For better, we could have loved without this mean, if we didn’t love this on both sides.
For both of us, I wish that word were true.
For both of you, my lord.
For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.
For Brutus’s sake, I’m holding you.
I just went from here a month ago, and then it was a fresh day of murmur—as you know, what great ones do the less will prattle of—that he did seek the love of fair Olivia
I’ll sort out the occasion, as a reference to the story we talked about late, to make the queen proudly kindred from the prince.
She’s certainly dead, and she’s strangely dressed.
Yes, he isn’t.
You’re certainly so near the gulf that you have to be englutted.
For charitable prayers, she should throw a sword, flints and pebbles on her.
For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl.
For unknown reasons, please, grant me this boon.
The wind-shaked surge, with high and monstrous mane, looks to cast water on the bear and quench the guards of the ever-fixed pole.
I’m a pupil for doing things, not loving it.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake.
England’s approach is as fierce as waters to the savage of a gulf.
I’ll make these of Cyprus mutiny, whose sanity will come to life only by the displanting of Cassio.
Every minute there’s a chance of more arrivance.
Falstaff, he’s dead, and we have to earn it.
First he was given permission to Lady Lucy—your mother is witness to that promise—and then he was given permission to betrothed to Bona, the king’s sister.
You’re just gazing on your beams, a fair sun, and being near.
For God’s sake, let me hear.
For God’s sake, a pot of beer.
For God’s sake, hold your hands.
For God’s sake, send some other messenger.
For God’s sake, take a house.
For half your wealth, it’s Antonio’s.
For Hamlet and his slur of favor, keep it in a fashion and a toy in blood, a violet in the youth of primy nature, forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting, and the
He’s certainly on the island.
He loves to hear that unicorns can be betrayed by trees, bears with glasses, elephants with holes, Lions with toils, and men with flatterers.
He begs to be desired to give.
Hero, wooing, wedding, and repenting is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a fiveuepace.
For heaven’s sake, help me!
I don’t think about him.
For himself to be a savage,” he said.
For his bounty, there wasn’t any winter in it, and an autumn was the one that grew more by reaping.
For his thoughts, would they be blanks instead of filling with me?
He can’t carry his discretion, and the fox has the goose.
I’m almost ready to dissolve, hearing about this.
I’m born to tame you, Kate, and bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate that’s as suited to other household Kates.
I’m sick when I look at you.
I’m sure my nails are stronger than my eyes.
I’m sure you know what temperance should be, but you don’t know what temperance is.
I’m Trinculo—don’t be afraid—your good friend Trinculo.
I can give his humor the true bent, and I’ll bring him to the Capitol.
I had then laid wormwood to my dug, sitting in the sun under the wall of the dovehouse.
I have no wit, no words, no worth, no action, no speech, no power to stir men’s blood.
I’ve seen more years, I’m sure, than you.
I’d rather spend time with such a snipe than for my sport and my profit.
I’ve never seen true beauty until tonight.
I tell you, father, I’m as ill-tempered as she is proud.
I’ll tell him the story again, where, how often, how long ago, and when he’s gone, and is again to help your wife.
If such actions are free, our statemen will be slaves and pagans.
If the Jew cuts deep enough, I’ll pay it now with all my heart.
If the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion— Have you a daughter?
If you want to never show her so much love, you’ll be surprised by it.
In all the play, there’s no one word, no one.
Who would do that to be so foolish?
It’s a figure in rhetoric that drinks are poured out of a cup into a glass, filling the one with emptying the other.
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.
For lead?
If you learn this, Silius: better to leave and do something than to get a reputation for being too high when he’s away.
For Lord Hamlet, believe in him so much that he’s young, and he can walk with a larger tether than you can give him.
I followed him for love.
For love of God, stop him.
There’s a little bush for many miles.
I won’t go until I’m satisfied.
I’ll marry a wealthy widow for three days, which has loved me as long as I have loved this disdainful haggard.
For me, the French gold did not seduce me, even though I admitted it as a motive the sooner I wanted to do what I intended.
For me, three thousand ducats.
For me, I embrace my fortune with sorrow.
For Michael Cassio, I’d be sworn, I think, that he’s honest.
For my own good, all causes will give way.
For my own part, I’ll be glad to learn about noble men.
I hope to save myself, neither the general nor any man of quality.
For Monsieur Malvolio, let me go with him.
For murder, though it doesn’t speak, will speak miraculously.
My brother, I think he’s good at you, and he’s a good man to help you get married.
For my dinner.
For my Lord Lackbeard there, he and I will meet, and until then we’ll be in peace with him.
I’m so surprised I don’t know what to say.
I’m sorry it’s turned into a drink.
For my part, I don’t care.
For my part, I’d rather bear with you than bear with you.
For my part, I’ve walked around the streets, exposing myself to the dangerous night, and, so unbracéd, Casca, as you see, has bared my sabotage to
For my part, the sea can’t drown me.
My uncle is King of Denmark, and those who would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little detail.
It’s so vile that on earth only some special good is given to the earth.
I wouldn’t admit any kind of traffic.
For not only the death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches, will speak to us strongly, but the letters of many of our heirs in Rome will ask us at home.
For Oberon is falling and wrathing because she, as her attendant, has stolen a lovely boy from an Indian king.
He often asked me to steal it with a solemn honor—more than he was to belonged to such a slander.
Once upon a raw and gusty day, when the troubled Tiber chafing with her shores, Caesar told me, “Do you, Cassius, now go in with me into this angry flood and swim to the
They didn’t take her life for one thing she did.
Our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers, which is both healthy and good for our husbands.
For our losses, his savage is too poor, for our blood savage, the savage of his kingdom too faint, and for our disgrace, his own person kneeling at our feet only with
Pyramus is a sweet-faced man, a good man as he can see in a summer’s day, a lovely gentlemanlike man.
Pyramus is killing himself.
I’ve liked several women.
For shame, bring Juliet out.
For shame, put on your gown.
You generals!
She had rounded his hairy temples with a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers, and that dew, which swelled around the buds like round and orientated pearls, was swollen
She’s wise, if I can judge her.
You are.
For taking part in something that’s out of favor.
That’s hard.
He dares us to do that.
You must only say I couldn’t help it.
For the best time, turn your bed.
For the Dauphin, I’m here for him.
For the heavens, he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.
For the heavens, rouse a brave mind,” says the fiend, “and run.” Well, my conscience, hanging around my heart, says very wisely to me, “My honest friend Launcelot, being an
The law’s intent and purpose is to protect the penalty, which is due on the bond.
For the love of God, please, be quiet!
For the love of God, a surgeon!
For the love of God, help!
For the meat, sir, it will be covered.
The majority of them are foolish.
For the one, I have neither words nor measure; for the other, I have no measure, but a reasonable measure.
The poor wren, the most swollen of birds, will fight against the owl, her young ones in her nest.
For the Queen, I’ll take her to my guard.
For the table, sir, it will be served in.
I hear what they say about him.
For the one I told you, Antonio will be bound.
They all agreed to be together, who maintained a state of evil so politicically that they won’t admit any good thing to fight with them.
I’ll marry Warwick’s youngest daughter.
There’s no more fearful wildfowl than your lion.
There was never a fair woman yet, but she made mouths in a glass.
For those who can rhyme themselves into ladies' favors, they always reason themselves out again.
For these two hours, Rosalind, I’ll leave you.
They’ll beg you to be happy with your life, because you’re a man.
They were split up with violent and violent forces.
For tonight, go to bed and dream about the event.
Caesar has hanged him for this reason.
For now, I wouldn’t be moved any further, so I could be with you.
If you know, then she’s Signior Gremio’s choice love.
Thank you for this relief.
If there’s any cruel cruelty that can torment him and keep him long, it will be his.
For now I’ll leave you.
For this, be sure, tonight you’ll have cramps, side-stitches that will hold your breath up.
For those who love to think about you must be content to think you’re old, and so— But she knows what she does.
Even though she’s as like this as a crab’s like an apple, I can tell what I can tell.
For three months, well.
You’d teach me to hang clogs on them.—I’ve done it, my lord.
For two, and sound ones too.
For us, we’ll look at this further.
For us, we’ll resign to him for our absolute power during this time of life.
For us, you know who he is, and that’s Caesar’s.
We’ll scold this fear, which now goes too free-footed.
What can I hope for you that no one has any revenue except your good spirits, to feed and clothe you?
What’s the good turn?
What did he do to scold me?
What are they doing?
What crime?
What purpose, love?
Why?
What, please?
When my hours were nice and lucky, men ransom me for stealing my money, but now I’ll put my teeth on and send all the things that stop me.
When rich villains need poor villains, poor villains can pay what they want.
When she saw—which never will be found—you suspect she had sex with Caesar and that your anger wouldn’t be purged, she sent you the word she was dead.
When you gave them the rod and put down your own breeches, please, nuncle, keep a schoolmaster who can teach your fool to lie.
Who would be the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor’s wrong, the proud man’s sane, the sane love of despised people, the delay in the law, the
For whose sake did I do that bad deed?
With my head throwing, dogs leap the hatch and all are fleeing.
Women are like roses, whose beautiful flower was once displayed, fall that hour.
You know, uncle, the hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long, that it had it bit off its head young.
You must understand that he only goes to see a noise he heard, and is coming back.
You see, it’s already in a snuff.
If you come in to dinner, sir, let it be as humours and conceits will govern.
For your desire to know what’s going on between us, please, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, o
For your father’s memory, be patient.
You won’t be able to live for long.
For your part, our swords have lead points, Mark Antony.
Your doctors have expressly charged me to leave your bed, if you’re going to suffer your former malady.
Young people are more expensive to buy than to begged or borrow.
As a soldier, I’ll give you the best name for the soldier.
It’s a deadly sorrow to see a foul knave uncuckolded.
By this heaven, now at our sorrows pale, say what you can, I’ll go with you.
I don’t know how I lost him.
If you’re a king, you can think that Tybalt was killed so late that we thought we held him a sane man, as our kinsman.
I’m sure you’re all in the right mood for this sudden business.
Look, my mother looks cheerful, and my father died within two hours.
I met her late in the evening, looking for sweet favors from this hateful fool, and I scolded her and fell out with her.
My good liege, she’s so kinged, her scepter is so fantastically borne by a vain, giddy, shallow, humorous youth that she doesn’t have any fear.
My heart is full of charms, your eyes, and your eyes.
Since the intestines and the mortals of your countrymen and us have been thrown out of the mud, both the Syracusians and ours have decreed to admit no traffic to our towns.
If I were the Moor, I wouldn’t be Iago.
You know, Pyramus and Thisbe meet at the moonlight.
Be quiet.
Be quiet about the nights and the days; compare happiness to living pains; think your babes were sweeter than they were—and the one who slew them fouler than he is.
Be quiet, and don’t eat anymore.
Fore heaven, this is an excellent song.
Fore heaven, they’ve given me a rouse already.
Forever and a day.
Farewell for forever, Brutus.
Goodbye forever and forever, Cassius.
Don’t think about her.
Forgot you!
Fortune and Antony are part of this group.
You’re helming a battle with luck and victory!
Fortune forbid that my outsiders haven’t charmed her!
Fortune is an excellent moral.
Fortune is a good man, and in this mood, he’ll give us anything.
I hope I’ll have luck now!
Good luck!
Fortune, that arrant whore, Neer turns the key to the poor.
Forty thousand brothers couldn’t make my sum with all their love.
The frightened deeds will rise, even though the earth has ruined them, to men’s eyes.
Shame on you, you’ve all moved me.
Weather?
Foul words are only foul, and foul words are only foul breath, and foul breath is naive.
What’s the mak in my eyes?
If you’re frightened than your heart can think of you, you can’t make excuses for yourself to hang yourself.
Did you feel any dissatisfaction with him by word or countenance?
Four days will quickly break up in the night.
Four legs and two voices—a very delicate monster.
Four nights will be the time to dream.
Fourscore ducats at a time!
Fourscore ducats!
Francis Flute, the bellows-mender?
Free from the bondage you’re in, Messala.
No, madam.
Freedom!
Fret till your proud heart breaks.
Friar, it can’t be.
Friar!
Friend Launcelot, what’s the news?
Friends are with you all and I love you all.
Friends to this ground.
Friends, go.
Friends, come here.
Friends, part!” and, faster than his tongue, his agile arm beat down their fatal points and swam them into the rush—and whose arm was thrown from Tybalt and hit Mercutio’s life
Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your ears.
Friendship is constant in all other things except in the office and affairs of love.
Go ahead, Lord.
She’s a little shy from Athens, and she respects me as her only son.
From both of them, my lord.
Then a pair of star-crossed lovers take their lives from the fare of these two foes.
From France there comes a power into this scattered kingdom, who, wisely, have secret feet in some of our best ports and are at the point to show their open banner.
From helmet to spur, he was all blood.
From now on I will, coz, and I’ll do sports.
He got it from me.
From me, whose love was so dignityful that it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage, and to decline upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor to those of mine.
From my house, if I had it— The sixth of July.
From our brother England?
From seventeen years ago, almost fourscore here livèd me, but now I don’t live here anymore.
From Silvius, sir.
I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll be
Is it from the Count Orsino?
From the dreadful summit of this chalky bourn.
They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine, this mortal breathing saint.
From now on I’ll never speak to you.
From now on, I’ll be referring to your love.
From top to toe?
Bring this fiend of Scotland and myself to front.
For a full half hour.
I’ve seen many women with the best regard and many times
I’ve been vexing my child with complaints against her, my daughter Hermia.—Stop, Demetrius.—My noble lord, this man has my consent to marry her.—Stop
We’ve got everything to do, and our simple defects are proof of our goods.
Fulvia is dead.
Your wife Fulvia came first to the field.
Your wife Fulvia is dead.
Fulvia?
Besides, please show my youth old Shylock’s house.
Fury, Fury!—There, Tyrant, there.
I wish I were the one who had twinkled on my bastardizing.
Gallants, I’m not as old as I am.
Gallus, go along.
Give it to a judge’s clerk!
General, be advised, he’s coming to bad intentions.
Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him.
Gentle lady, when I first told you my love, I told you that all the wealth I had accumulated in my veins.
No, gentle madam.
Gentle Mercutio, put your rapier up.
Gentle Octavia, let your best love draw to the point where you want to preserve it.
Gentleman, God save you.
Gentlemen, I suspect this trash is a party to this injury.—Past up, Cassio.—Come, come, let me light up.
Gentlemen, we won’t wake up your patience.
Gentlemen, you’ll mistake each other.
Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I can find young Romeo?
Gentlemen, go ahead to the bridal dinner.
Gentlemen, rise up.
Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore.
Gentlewoman, my lady calls me.
Gertrude, don’t drink.
Get him to bed and let his hurt be treated.
Get him to say his prayers, Sir Toby, get him to pray.
Get horses for your mistress.
Get me a taper in my study, Lucius.
Get me ink and paper, and hire horses to ride.
Get me some poison tonight, Iago.
Get on your nightgown, so don’t call us and show us to be watchers.
Get a wife, get a wife.
Get away from me.
Get out of here, and hire those horses.
Go away, but do it.
Go away.
Get out of here.
Go to a nunnery.
Get to a nunnery.
Go to bed, Francisco.
Go to bed.
Get a place.
Get all three of you in the boxtree.
Get out of here and hurry up.
Get out of here and meet me in the pit of Acheron early in the morning.
So get out of here, poor miserable wretches, to your death, to the point where God gives you patience to endure, and to repentance of all your dear crimes.—Bear them out of here.
Go back to bed.
I’ll go back to bed soon.
Go to bed, I swear.
Get to church and have a good priest who can tell you what marriage is.
Get to your lord.
Get your clothes together, good strings to your beards, and new ribbons to your pumps.
I’m at my service with ghastly looks like a smile, and both are ready in their offices at any time to grace my slums.
God gives you the gifts.
Gilded tombs are worms that enfold.
Give it your hand.
Give a ear to my sister, sir.
Give every man your ear only a few words.
Give your ambassadors the first admittance.
Give her the right you should have given her cousin, and so dies my revenge.
Give her this key and tell her in the desk that’s covered with Turkish tapestry there’s a purse of ducats.
Give him a halter.
Give him a present.
Give him directions for this merry bond, and I’ll go and get the ducats back to my house, leaving in the fearful guard of an unthrifty knave, and I’ll be with
Give him a note.
Don’t give him breath, but now take advantage of his distraction.
Give him a job.
Give him the cup.
Give him this deed and let him sign it.
Give him this letter.
Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.
Give me a calendar.
Give me a cup of wine.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a living reason she’s disloyal.
Give me a taper, call up all my people!
Give me a torch.
Give me another horse!
Give me a reply.
Give me any gage of yours, and I’ll wear it in my bonnet.
Give me a crowd, good madam.
Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
Give me excess of it so that, if I’m snoring, the appetite may sicken and so die.
Give me faith, say I.
Give me permission for a while.
Give me permission to speak my mind, and I’ll cleanse the body of the infected world if they receive my medicine.
Give me permission, Caesar.
I’m a gentleman of Verona, sir.
Give me my angle.
Give me my armor.
Give me my armor.
Give me my principal, and let me go.
Give me my robe, because I’ll go.
Give me my robe.
Give me my sin back.
Give me my sword.
Give me my veil.
Now let me leave you.
Give me details.
Give me some help.
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some light away!
Give me some breath, my dear lord, before I speak positively about this.
Give me some music.
Give me some wine and let me speak a little.
Give me that boy and I will go with you.
Give me that sleeve and the wrenching iron.
Give me the cups.
Give me the daggers.
Give me the gown.
Give me the letter, sir.
Give me those flowers.
Give me your arm.
Give me your hand, and let me see you in your woman’s weeds.
Give me your hand, Messala.
Give me your hand, Roderigo.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your torch, boy.
Give me up the truth.
Give me your answer, I swear.
Give me your arm.
Give me your blessing.
Give me your hand first.
Give me your hand, and let me understand your fortunes.
Give me your hand, sir.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hands if we’re friends, and Robin will make some changes.
Give me your neaf, Monsieur Mustardseed.
Give me your present to one Master Bassanio, who gives rare new liveries.
Give me, give me!
Give me,” I said.
Give me a call.
Give me the benefit of severiory, and let my grief scream on the upper hand.
I’ll give my servants the order to ignore all the fact that we’re absent from here.—No, Lorenzo.—Jessica, no.
Give the word out.
Give the word, go, and stand.
Give them the way until he leaves, and then after him.
Don’t give your thoughts any tongue or thought about his actions.
Give a gracious message to a host of tongues, but let ill-tipped tidbits tell Themselves when they feel.
Give us kind keepers, heavens!
Give us the place alone.
Please welcome my friend.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Good night.
Good night.
He’s given three thousand crowns annually, and his commission to hire those soldiers, as much as before, against the Polack, with an argument, herein further shown, that it would be nice to give quiet advice to your
Didn’t you lead him through the glimmering night from Perigouna, whom he ravished?
Gloucester, it’s true that we’re in great danger.
Gloucester’s eyes?
Go a little earlier.
Go after her.
Go ahead.
Go and give my praise to my brother Cassius.
Go and importune her.
Go and say we’re not ashamed of her.
Go and tell them that.
Go and trim her up.
Go apart, Adam, and you’ll hear how he’ll shake me up.
Be armed.
Go ask his name.—If he’s married.
Go back again and be beaten home again?
Go back again, you slave, and bring him home.
Go take it to the Centaur, where we’re staying, and stay there, Dromio, until I come to you.
Go ask the priests to sacrifice and bring me their opinions on success.
Go bring the rabble, whom I give you power, here to this place.
You’ll see her window entered the night before her wedding day.
Go ahead, Saint Jeronimy.
Go call him here.
Go carry them and smear the sleepy grooms with blood.
Go charge Agrippa to plant those who revolted in the vant so that Antony could seem to spend his fury on himself.
Go charge my goblins to grind their joints with dry convulsions, shorten their sinews with agèd cramps, and make them more pinch-spotted than pard or cat o' mountain.
Go comfort your cousin.
Go get fire.
Go get it, sister.
Go get my best clothes.
Go get them here.
Go out, Agrippa, and start the fight.
Go get him surgeons.
Go get it ready.
Go get some water and wash this dirty witness from your hand.
Go on to the airport with a vigor.
Go away.
Go inside with me, and I’ll tell you my story.
Go in with me.
Go inside and tell my lady I’m gone, displeased by my father, to Lawrence’s cell to confess and be absolved.
Go inside and don’t cry.
Go in, Nerissa.
Go look after him.
Go ahead, we’ll send you our letters.
Go make yourself like a nymph on the sea.
Don’t go my horse the better, I have to be a borrower of the night for a dark hour or two.
Go off, I’ll take you away.
Go away.
Go on ahead.
Go put on your defenses.
Go release them, Ariel.
Go find him out, speak fair, and bring the body into the chapel.
Go find him.
Go find the traitor Gloucester.
Go shake your ears!
Show your slaves how choleric you are, and make your bondmen tremble.
Go sleep and listen to us.
Go on.
Go take this shape and come here.
Tell him about this.
Go and pick men, but leave behind your son George Stanley.
Go find me a meeting hour to draw Don Pedro and Claudio alone.
Go then, my mother; go to your daughter.
So tell your master: here I am.
Go on, and with an unattractive eye, compare her face to some that I’ll show you, and I’ll make you think your swan is a crow.
Go to Juliet and help her get dressed.
Go with me, and let me advise you.
Go.
Go thrust him out of the gates and let him smell his way to Dover.
Go to a nunnery.
Go on, wench.
Go to him, Dolabella, tell him to surrender.
Go to him, madam, speak to him.
Go to my room and put on my clothes.
Go to the gate.
Go to the pulpit, Brutus.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to your cold bed and warm yourself up.
Go to sleep.
Go away.
Go on, carry this.
Go to, speak your tongue.
Goodbye.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.
Go to, go to.—Come here, sir.
Go on, I won’t go on it again.
Go to him, mum.
Don’t say anything.
Go on, then!
Go on, then.
Go, they’re not men.
Go to, are you making it, if you want to be—” Am I making it?
Go on, well said, well said.
Go to the devil’s teeth, woman.
Go on, you’re too shrewd.
Go on, you’re a dry fool.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on the path you won’t return.
Go wake Juliet.
Go to him.
Go with me and see what I can show you in this.
If you don’t repay me on such a day, in such a place, in such a place, in such a place, in such a place, in such a place, in such a place,
Go with me to bless this two of them so they can be prosperous and be honored in their fight.
Go with me to it, and I’ll show it to you.
Go with me to the duchess.
Go with me to the vault.
Go with me, and let’s smother my damned son, whose two sweet sons smothered you.
Go with me, Silvius.
Go with me.
Go with my brothers to my lords of England.
Go and talk to the duke so that my charity doesn’t be perceived by him.
Go ahead and prepare Aliena, for look at me, here comes my Rosalind.
Go and tell her about it.
Go and tell my daughter I’d like to speak with her.
Go ahead, and I’ll follow you.
Go down that way towards the Capitol.
Go to him from me.
Go with me and I’ll use your skills.—Good cousin, take care of this busy time.
Go with me, uncle of Exeter.
Go, call my fool here.
Go and bring them.
Go, and bring us with your best friend what she says and how you find her.
Go, go away.
Go, tell the huntsmen to wake them up with their horns.
Go, bind this man, because he’s frantic too.
Go, Biondello, tell your mistress to come to me.
Go borrow me a crow.
Go, bring them in.—And take your places, ladies.
Go, by this token.
Go call him here, boy, no more will be the neighbor to my counsels.
Go, coward as you are.
Eros, send his treasure back to him.
Go get me something: I’ll break the gate.
Go, get out of here, I say.
Go, get out of here.
Go, get to your love, as was decreed.
Go, girl, look for happy nights to happy days.
Go, girl.
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, good countrymen, and for this reason, assemble all the poor men of your kind, draw them to Tiber banks, and weep your tears into the channel until the lowest stream kisses the most ex
Go, go, up to the leads.
Go, go.
Go, good partner, go get to Francis Seacole.
Go, Tubal.
Go hang yourself all!
I’ve only been working with you, my sons for thirty-three years, and until this time I’ve never delivered my burden.—The Duke, my husband, and my children both, and you, the calendars of
Go, leave me.
Go, Lovell, with all the speed to Doctor Shaw.
Go, make money.
Go to your great-grandmother’s tomb, from whom you claim to be.
Go find the forester, one of you.
Go one, and call the Jew into the court.
Go, Pindarus, get up on that hill.
Go ahead and prepare for dinner.
Go, prick your face and prick your fear over-red, you lily-livered boy.
Go, rascals, go and get my supper.
Go, Sir Andrew.
Go, sir, find him.
Go, sir, take them to the buttery place and welcome them to everyone.
Go, sir, trudge around through fair Verona.
Go, some of you, and bring these gentlemen to Hamlet.
Go, take it up to your master’s use.
Go, then, because it’s in vain to find him here that doesn’t mean to be found.
Go, disappear into the air, away!
Go, write it in a martial hand.
Go, you cot-quean, go.
Go, you wild bedfellow, you can’t soothsay.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Goats and monkeys!
Goblin, lead them up and down.
Goodbye.
God bless you for your last day.
God bless you, sir.
God almighty, there’s some soul of goodness in evil, and men would be able to do it.
God and his angels guard your sacred throne and make you become it for a long time.
God and our good cause fight on our side.
God and our innocence protect and protect us!
God and the rope maker have shown me that I was sent for nothing but a rope.
God and your arms will be praised, victorious friends!
God be at your table.
God be quiet and keep you and heal your wounds.
God be wise, princes all.
God be quiet, sir.
God bless you.
God bless you.
God be with my old master.
God be with you all.
God be with you.
God bless me from a challenge!
God bless you, and put your heartfelt love, your kindness, your obedience, and your true duty.
God bless you, sir.
God bless your Grace with health and happy days.
God bless your Grace!
Please, take my job.
God protect me from these two!
God for your mercy, they’re loose again!
God give him joy!
God give me joy in wearing it, because my heart is exceedingly heavy.
God give us time to celebrate these love rites!
God give your Grace good rest.
God give him health.
God grant that some, less noble and less loyal, are more likely to be in a bloody mood than wretched Clarence did, and yet they’ll be thrown away from suspicion.
God grant we may never have any need for you.
God has given you one face and you’re making another.
God has blessed you with a good name.
God help Claudio!
God help you, shallow man.
God keep it, to your Honor’s good content!
God in heaven bless her!
God keep me from false friends, but they weren’t false friends.
God keep me safe.—Our heroes go with him.
God keep you from them and from such false friends.
God keep your Ladyship in that mind, so that some gentle man or other will leave a scratched face.
God keep your Lordship in that gracious mind.
God keep your Worship!
God knows I loved my niece, and she is dead, slandered to death by villains that dare as well answer a man as I dare take a serpent by the tongue.— Boys, apes
God made him, and so he let him pass for a man.
God make you a bit more sane.
God make your Majesty joyful, as you have been.
God bless you to his grace!
God pardon those who cause it.
God forgive you in His mercy.
Goodbye, sir.
God restore you to health!
God save the foundation!
God save the king.
God save you, sir!
God save you, sir.
God save your Majesty.
God send you joy, Petruchio.
God send you a quick infirmity, for the better to increase your folly!
I’ll bet I’ll disturb devotion!— Juliet, I’ll rouse you on Thursday.
God speak this “amen”!
God will revenge it, whom I’ll make with my serenity, all to that effect.
God will revenge it.
God witness, I’ve wept for you.
Good-bye, fair lady.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Goodbye, Grumio!
God, God forgive us all!
God, the best marriage maker, combine your hearts in one, your realms in one.
God’s arm strikes with us!
God’s benison will go with you and with those who would make good of bad and friends of foes.
God’s bodykins are much better, man.
God’s bread!
Where’s the Sexton?
God’s peace, I wouldn’t lose such an honor as one more man, I think, would share from me, for the best hope I have.
God’s will and pleasure, Captain, I beg you now to come to the king.
God’s will, please don’t wish one more man.
Goodbye, Captain James.
Gods and goddesses, all the whole thing of them!
Goodbye, fair Helena!
Is Fleance coming with you?
Is the king leaving today?
Gold, silver, and base lead.
She’s gone.
Gone, sir.
Gone?
Goneril with a white beard?
Good bawcock, scold your rage.
Good beauties, don’t be angry.
Good cheer, Antonio!
Good Cinna, take this paper and look at it in the praetor’s chair where Brutus can only find it.
Corporal Nym, show your courage and put your sword up.
Good advice, marry.
Good countrymen, let me leave alone.
Good morning, friend.
Good day and happiness, dear Rosalind.
Good day to both of you.
Good duke, get your daughter.
Good morning, brother.
Good e'en, good e'en.
Good Enobarbus, it’s a worthy deed, and it’ll become you well, to encourage your captain to speak softly and quietly.
Good Enobarbus, make yourself my guest while you’re here.
Good Enobarbus!
Good to my ghostly confessor.
Good faith, a little one, not past a pint, as I am a soldier.
Good faith, and when I met this holy man, the men you’re talking about came into my mind.
Good faith, good faith, the saying didn’t hold in him who objected to you!
Good Father, how foolish we are!
Good Father, I beg you to kneel, listen to me with patience.
Good fool, as you always deserve to help me, help me to a candle, pen, ink, and paper.
Good fool, for my brother’s death.
Good fool, help me to get some light and some paper.
Good fool, some ink, paper, and light, and tell my lady what I’ll put down.
Good luck, worthy soldier, and farewell.
Good friend, go away.
Good friend, go to him.
Please, my friend, take him in your arms.
“Say the Romans to great Egypt send this treasure of an oyster, at whose feet, to mend the petty present, I’ll put her throne in the kingdoms.
Good friends, go in and taste some wine with me.
Good gentleman, give me modest assurance if you’re the lady of the house, that I can proceed with my speech.
Good gentle young man, don’t tempt a desperate man.
Good gentlemen, give him a further edge and drive his purpose to these delights.
Good gentlemen, let me speak.
Good gentlemen, look fresh and merrily.
Good grandam, tell us, is our father dead?
Good Grumio, get it to me.
Be careful until they know what they’re doing to censure them.
Good hay, sweet hay, there’s no one else.
Good heart, what?
Good heaven, the souls of my tribe are protecting themselves from jealousy!
Good Hermia, don’t be so bitter with me.
Good husband, come home now.
Good guys, how are you both?
Good Lord for alliance!
Good Lord, how bright and good the moon shines!
Good Lord!
Good lords, hurry up quickly.
Good love, call him back.
Good madam, don’t be angry with the child.
Good madam, do.
Good madam, listen to me.
Good madam, keep yourself inside.
Good madam, let me see your face.
Good madam, patience.
Good madam, stay a while.
Good madam.
Good madonna, let me prove you’re a fool.
Hey, madonna, why are you so sad?
Good majesty, Herod of Jewry doesn’t dare look at you, but when you’re happy.
Good Margaret, run to the parlor.
Good Maria, let this fellow be looked at.
Good Master Fabian, please give me another request.
Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well.
Good Master Peaseblossom, I’ll want you to get more acquainted too.—Your name, please, sir?
Good master, don’t take it unkindly, please, that I’ve been so pleasant with you both.
Good meat is common, sir.
Good Mistress Accost, I want to get to know you better.
Good morning to my sovereign king and queen, and, princely peers, a happy day.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to this fair assembly.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you both.
Good morning to you.
Good morning to your Worship.
Good morning, Benedick.
Good morning, both of you.
Good morning, brother Bedford.
Good morning, Brutus.
Good morning, Caesar.
Good morning, Casca.—Caius Ligarius, Caesar was no enemy of any kind as you were in that ague that made you lean.
Good morning, Catesby.
Good morning, Catesby.—You can’t go on, but I don’t like these several councils, I swear.
Good morning, cousin.
Good morning, Father.
Good morning, friends.
Good morning, General.
Good morning, good Lieutenant.
Good morning, Kate—that’s your name, I hear.
Good morning, Lieutenant Bardolph.
Good morning, masters.
Good morning, neighbor Baptista.
Good morning, neighbor Gremio.—God save you, gentlemen!
Good morning, neighbor, whither away so fast?
Good morning, noble sir.
Good morning, old Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Good morning, Prince; good morning, Claudio.
Good morning, Richmond.
Good morning, sweet Hero.
Good morning, worthy Caesar.
Is my complexion good, do you think even though I’m a man, I have a doublet and a hose in my clothes?
My friends, please consider you are my guests.
Good liege— Be quiet, Kent.
My lord— You’ve been a boggler ever.
My lord, welcome him.
Please, my lord, come here.
Please, my lord, come here.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Good, my lord, go inside.
Please, my lord, give me your favor.
My lord, how are you honoring this many days?
My lord, if I have any grace or power to make you take his reconciliation.
My lord, tell me.
Please, my lord, please tell me a word.
My lord, what’s your cause for distemperation?
Good, my lord.
Good, my lord.
Good my mouse of virtue, answer me.
My sovereign, take up the English short and tell them what a monarch you’re the head.
The name of men and women, dear my lord, is the jewel of their souls.
Good news, good news!
Good night then, Casca.
Good night to you.
Good night—but don’t go to my uncle’s bed.
Good night, good brother.
Good night, Captain Blunt.
Good night, good doctor.
Good night, good night!
Good night, good night.
Good night, honest Iago.
Good night, lieutenant, I have to watch.
Good night, Lord Brutus.
Good night, my lord.
Good night, Penthesilea.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good Norfolk, please tell me what you’re doing.
Now, speak your tongue.
Good luck now!
Come in, good nuncle, and ask your daughters to give them blessing.
Good old knight, gather them all together in my tent.
Good or bad news, that you’re compelled to speak so bluntly?
Good people, enter and hold him.
Good Portia, go to bed.
Good morning!
Good Romeo, hide yourself.
Good sentences, and well pronounced.
Good shepherd, tell this young man what it means to love.
Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all.
Good signior, you’ll have more control over years than you’ll have with your weapons.
Good signors both, when should we laugh?
Good Sir Toby!
Good sir—
Good sir, be a man, think every bearded fellow who’s only yoked may draw with you.
Good sir, be patient.
Good sir, come near to me.
Good sir, I advise you to leave this place.
Good sir, my wife gave me this ring.
Good sir, to the purpose.
Good sirs, take heart.
Good sister, let’s eat and never fret.
My sister, you’re not wrong to make me a slave and a bondmaid.
Good sooth, even so.
You, save me a piece of sand, and, as you love me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.—Antony and Potpan!
Good day to my gracious lord.
Good luck, you’re wrong, good sooth, you do, and I’m so disdainful to woo.
Good Ursula, wake up my cousin Beatrice and want her to rise.
Good Volumnius, you know that we both went to school together.
Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius.
Please pardon me.
Good your highness, patience.
Good, good, it’s fair to you!
Good, good.
Good, I’m sure.
Good, speak to the mariners.
Good, remember who you’re aboard.
Good!
Good.
Good Lord, what a wit-snapper you are!
Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little about the matter.
Gower is a good captain, and he has good knowledge and literature in the wars.
Grace will go with you, sir.
Grace grows where those drops fall!
Graces will appear, and there’s an end.
Gracious England has Lent us good Siward and ten thousand men; an older and better soldier than Christendom gives out.
My lord, I should tell you what I said I saw, but I don’t know how to do it.
Gracious Olivia— What do you say, Cesario?—Good, my lord— My lord would speak.
Gramercies, Tranio, you’re good at helping.
Gramercy!
Grandam, his nurse.
My uncle Rivers said that I grew more than my brother: “Yes, my uncle Gloucester said, “Small herbs have grace; great weeds grow quickly.” And since then, I think I wouldn’t grow so
Grandam, this would have been a biting joke.
Give them their legal action.
Gratiano is talking about nothing infinitely more than any man in Venice.
Gratiano!
Grave, sir!
Great and increasing.
It’s time for great business to happen at noon.
Great Dunsinane is strong enough to be a soldier.
God of heaven, say amen to all!
Great happiness!
Great Mark Antony is a widower now.
What a great thing we forgot!—Speak, Edmund, where’s the king?
Gremio, it’s no time to express our love.
My son’s exile has stopped her breath.
Don’t be sorry that I’m falling to this for you, because herein Fortune is more kind than hers.
Is it sad I had only one?
Grim death, how foul and loathsome your image is!
He’s snuck up his face and snuck up his face, and instead of putting his sneezes on the souls of fearful adversaries, he’s sne
Groan!
Grumio gave instructions on how to do it.
Grumio, my horse.
Are you a bedlam?
Ha, banishment!
Are you honest?
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, heard in Genoa.
Ha, ha!
Ha, ha.
Ha, it may be that I’m going under that title because I’m busy.
Ha, let me see.
Ha, Portia?
What do you say?
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha?
Ha' to you, lad!
If all his hairs were life-threatening, I would have ruined them all.
Had he a hand to write this, a heart and a brain to make it into?
Had he done that?
Had he suffered his injuries before?
If I had a glass, I would.
If I had as many mouths as Hydra, that would stop them all.
If I had as many sons as I have hairs, I wouldn’t wish them a better death.
If I were any power god, I would have sunk the sea within the earth or sunk it if the good ship swallowed it and the fraught souls inside her.
If I had known this young man before, I would have given him tears to a couple of sex, and he would have ventured.
If I had only died an hour before this chance, I’d have lived a blessed time, because from this moment on there is nothing serious about mortality.
If I had great Juno’s power, the strong-winged Mercury would get you up and set you up by Jove’s side.
Didn’t I have four or five women who tended to me once?
If I had planted this island, my lord— He’d sneezed it with nettle seed.
If I had your tongues and eyes, I’d use them so that heaven’s vault would crack.
If you could thank you, you would have a good life.
If my lips were so powerful, I would wear them out.
Isn’t that the same?
If our general had been what he knew himself, it would have been good.
If she had affections and youthful blood, she would be as swift in motion as a ball.
If she were true, I wouldn’t have sold her for it.
If we did it at first, we’d drove them home with clouts about their heads.
If we had fought, I’d have thought we’d be too young for them.
If you were as wise as bold, young in limbs, old in judgment, you wouldn’t have been able to answer it.
If you weren’t their father, these white flakes would challenge pity of them.
If you hadn’t come upon your cue, my lord, William Lord Hastings would have said your part— I mean your voice for crowning the king.
If you wish you were all free men, and that Caesar were dead, and living free men?
Have you been able to relax in the moment of death to look at the deep secrets?
If you did that, the kings who revolted and the soldier who left you today would have followed your heels.
If you had no poison mixed, no sharp knife, no sudden death, even though it’s not so mean, but “banished” to kill me?—“Banished”!
Please, lady, and the grace of heaven, please, go ahead, behind you, and on every hand, turn around!
Hail to you, thane of Glamis!
Hail to your grace.
Go to your lordship.
Hail, brave friend!
Hail, Caesar, and my lord!
Hail, gentle sir.
Hail, King of Scotland!
Hail, king!
Hail, mortal.
Hail, dear Caesar!
Hail!
Hail.
It’s half a feisty to come.
Yes, a half-blooded fellow.
Halfway down there’s a man who’s gathering samphire—dreadful trade!
Hamlet, you’re dead.
Hamlet.” This obedience has shown my daughter, and more above, has given me his invitations, as they fell out by time, by means, and by place, all given to me.
We’ll sing and bless this place with fairy grace.
Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
Hang him immediately.
Hang him, foul collier!
Hang him, Jack!
Don’t hang on my clothes.
Hang out our banners on the outside walls.
Hang here, my verse, to witness my love.
Hang on the tomb, praising her when I’m dumb.
Hang up your mistress!
Then you’re going to be hanging and wiving.
A woman’s voice may do some good when she is begging for something too good.
I see a friend who will save my life and pay the sum that could help me.
Haply in private.
They’re still hanging some poison, to make me die with a restorative.
The seas and countries that are different with different objects will expel this matter in his heart, while his brains still beating him away from his own style.
I’ll bet I’ll marry a lord whose hand will take my plight with me half my love, half my care and duty.
You’ll see some toy you want to buy, and your store, I think, isn’t for idle markets, sir.
She’s not so dull, but she can learn.
The best thing about her is that she’s committed to yours, and to be directed as far as her lord, her governor, her king.
Happily, he’s the second time they’ve come to them, because they say an old man is twice a child.
I’m happy to have you, my lady and my wife.
The happier you were for your son.
Happily, amen!
Happy be Theseus, our renowned duke.
Yes, as happy as we have spent the day.
Hermia is happy, where she lies, because she has beautiful eyes.
Your Grace is happy, who can turn the stubbornness of fortune into so quiet and sweet.
Happy parents of such a fair child.
If England were happy, this virtuous prince would take on his grave the sovereignty of his grave.
Happy, because we’re not too happy.
Hard, hard.—O filthy traitor!
Harder, harder.
Listen.
Listen to how our steeds are neighing for the moment.
Listen, Clitus.
Listen, Dardanius.
Listen, your Romeo will be here at night.
Listen to you, Guildenstern, and you too—at each ear you hear a listener.
Listen, sir.
Listen, boy!
Can you hear me?
Listen, come here, Tyrrel.
Listen, listen!
Listen, listen!
Listen, listen!
Listen, how these instruments summon to supper.
Listen, now I hear them.
Listen, Petruchio: she says she’ll see you hanged first.
Listen, they roar.
Listen, Tranio!
What’s this noise?
Listen!
Listen!
Listen.
Don’t listen to that string, madam.
I’ll keep it from squeezing until my heartstrings break.
Harpier cries, “It’s time, it’s time.” Round around the cauldron go, in the poisoned entrails throw.
Harry le Roy.
Has he never heard of you before in this business?
Has he, masters?
Here’s a letter to you.
Has this fellow no feeling about his business?
Has anyone else taught you anything, shepherd?
Has she stolen it from her?
Are you a good man?
Are you drunk?
Have you forgotten her?
Have you forgotten the evil witch Sycorax, who was born with age and envy?
Have you forgotten yourself?
Have you found my daughter?
Have you met him?
Don’t you care about me?
Don’t you have any letters from the friar to me?
Don’t you have a word of joy?
Don’t you have dropped from heaven?
Have you killed him then?
Have you killed Tybalt?
Are you the flower here?
Are you the pretty worm of Nilus there, who doesn’t kill and pain?
Have you been able to tell me the time I’ve been badeing you?
I’ll tell you, that I can go to my revenge with wings as swift as meditation or love thoughts.
Haste you for your life.
Hastings and Edward’s children, Grey and Rivers, Holy King Henry and your fair son Edward, Vaughan, and all who have miscarriaged by underhand, corrupted, foul injustice, if your
I’m a man who’s thrown away from Tripolis.
Has anyone seen him at the barber’s?
Has he asked for me?
Has he done this?
Has he set boundaries between my love and their love?
Has homely age taken the beauty from my poor cheek?
Isn’t that true, boy?
Is Leonato any son, my lord?
Doesn’t a Jew have eyes?
Doesn’t a Jew have hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions?
He’s a sin that is prevalent in young men who give their eyes the freedom to gaze?
He’s been thrown away from sleep and must taste his foolishness.
Has Romeo killed himself?
Has she already forgotten that brave prince, Edward, her lord, whom I’ve been slain three months ago at Tewkesbury?
Has she forsooped so many noble matches, her father and her country, and her friends, to be called “whore”?
Has she told Benedick about her love?
Is the man any wit who told you this?
Has there been such a time—I would fain know that—when I said positively, “I’m so,” when it proved otherwise?
Isn’t your grace a brother like you?
Have all his projects failed?
Have a look at Cinna.
You’re better at saying something, because you’re a fool’s bolt that’s soon shot.” You’ve shot over.
Have a good day, coward!
Have a look at you now!
Have you heard a proverb: Should I put my staff in my ranks?
You can have some surgeon, Shylock, on your charge to stop his wounds so he can’t bleed to death.
Have done your charm, you hateful, withered hag.
Have done, have done.
Have I caught you?
Have I stretched my arm so far in the battle to be afraid to tell graybeards the truth?
Isn’t I heard great grenades in the field, and heaven’s artillery thundered in the skies?
Have I heard the sea puffed up with winds, raging like a snoring boar chafed with sweat?
Don’t I have any reason to be angry, beldams like you are?
Have I seen the aspic in my lips?
Have I thought I’d be watching this morning for a long time, and does it give me such a sight as this?
Have I, Malvolio?
Have I, my lord?
Have mercy, Jesu!—Soft, I only dreamed.
Don’t worry about your health, but don’t tempt me any further.
Have more than you show, speak less than you know, Lend less than you owest, Ride more than you go, Learn more than you trowest, Set less than you throw, Leave your drink and your whore and keep
Don’t saints have lips, and holy palmers too?
Don’t you love me enough to bear with me when my rash humor that my mother gave me makes me forgetful?
Have patience and endure.
Have patience, please.
Have patience, madam.
Have patience, sir.
Have the pioneers given up?
Are we devils here?
Have with you.
Have you ever thought about sinking?
Have you a sense of soul?
Have you ever asked your lord to negotiate with me?
Have you ever had any other trade with us?
Have you given her our decree?
Have you done something yet?
Have you got permission to go to shrift today?
Have you had a quiet guard?
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary?
Have you heard of any wars between the two Dukes of Cornwall and Albany?
Have you imported him by any means?
Are you a modesty, a woman’s shame, a touch of sex?
Don’t you have anything to say?
Don’t you have anything to say?
Do you have any wit, manners, or honesty but to slam like tinkers at this time of night?
Didn’t you hurt your head?
Didn’t you read about anything like that, Roderigo?
Didn’t you set Lysander to follow me, like a scorn, and praise my eyes and my face?
Have you not set my honor on the stake and baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts that tyrannous heart can think?
Have you not spoken to the Duke of Cornwall about this?
Have you sent to Bottom’s house?
Are you still in your own souls so blind that you’ll fight with God by murding me?
Have you been sent for?
Have you seen the necklace around you?
Have you written the lion’s part?
Have you written down that they aren’t?
I’ll watch Titania when she’s asleep and drop the liquor in her eyes.
What’s the danger for lead?
He loved our sister most, and his judgment has now cast her off as a whole is too gross.
He and Lepidus are at Caesar’s house.
He’s waiting here hard to tell you whether you’ll accept him.
He’s here in the forest on the duke your father.
He’s like a handsome gentleman, and, to say the truth, Verona is brags about him as a virtuous and well-governed young man.
He’s the third person in the world.
He’s too good at thinking.
He starts at the supper and walks up to the first cock.
He’s bound from the earth, as if his entrails were hairs, le cheval volant, the Pegasus, qui a les narines de feu.
He’s breathing, my lord.
He’s got great news.
He brings me freedom.
He brings you figs.
He brushes his hat over the mornings.
He calls me “boy” and chides me as if he had power to beat me out of Egypt.
He’s calling to horse, but I don’t know what to do.
He’s calling us back.
He came to me, and I delivered it.
He came too late.
He can tell you, as he appears by his plight, that the revolt is the latest state.
He can’t be heard of.
He can’t be such a monster— and he’s not, sure.
He can’t avoid it by the duello.
He can’t flatter himself, he says.
He can’t like her long.
He can’t live, I hope, and he can’t die until George’s packed with a savage savage up to heaven.
He can’t prevail with me.
He can’t speak, my lord.
He’s coming to kill my heart.
He’s coming on a wish.
He’s coming, my lord.
He couldn’t have escaped sixpence a day.
He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, to scorch your face and disfigure you.
He doesn’t dare come here to drink the candle.
He did that.
He asked for his favor.
He said he had a necklace for me, but he didn’t have it.
He was a victim of his behavior, and you see he was trying to arrest him.
He told me to call him promptly.
He did, sir, get his dug before he sucked it.
He did in some way handle women, but then he was rheumatic and talked about the Whore of Babylon.
He did me kindness, sir, drew on my side, but in conclusion he put a strange speech on me.
He didn’t call me, he’s busy in the paper.
He received his letters and is coming.
He did, and he snatched that ring from my finger.
He did, from first to last.
He did, my gracious lord, start that place, which, since the beginning of the year, has re-edified.
He died as a man who had been taught to throw away the most precious thing he owed as a savage king.
He dies, and he’s again fighting.
He dies!
He hears me, and he weeps.
He’s making our fires, fetching in our woods, and serves as a profitor.—What, ho!
He smiles on his face more than he is on the map with the rise of the Indies.
He’s good at recommending it himself.
He does.
He’ll ask your Grace to visit him tomorrow or the next day, my noble lord.
He’s really showing some sparks that are like wit.
He’s not smiling, frowning like who should say, “An you won’t have me.” He’s heard merry stories and not smiling.
He’s doing it, because he asked Antonius to send you a message saying he’ll be there tomorrow.
He’s dreaming.
He’s fainting!—My lord, my lord!
He fears you’re not good enough to him, my lord.
He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at mouth, and was speechless.
He finished his mortal act on the day my sister was thirteen.
He followed you.
He forbids it, because he is free from vainness and self-glorious pride, giving full trophy, signal, and ostentative to God.
He gives you a thousand thanks on his knees, and he’s happy he’s fallen into the hands of one of England’s brave, valorous, and most worthy seigneur.
He’s going ahead and dares me to go.
He’s going out of his way.
He’s getting worse and worse.
He had a fever when he was in Spain, and when he was fit, I noticed how he shook.
He had a taste.—Well, my conscience says, “Launcelot, don’t budge.” “Budge!” says the fiend.
He had a thousand noses, and he waved like a sea.
He didn’t have any.
He had one yesterday.
He had, my lord, and when he ran in here, these people saw the chain around his neck.
He’s slammed me a little bit.
He’s almost supped.
He’s been practicing his behavior to his own shadows over the last half hour.
He has brave utensils—for he calls them—that he’ll be able to carry when he’s in a house.
He broke my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody sneeze too.
He deserves it, if it were sprayed like a holy Phoebus’ car.
He heard that word from some great man and now he’s a fool.
He’s killed me, mother.
He has my dying voice.
He has no children.
He has no more directions in the true world of wars, look at the Roman world, than a puppy dog.
He has a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper, because what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks.
He’s bound to Tripolis, another to the Indies.
He has an uncle here in Messina who will be very happy of it.
He’s assembled Bocchus, the King of Libya, Archelaus, of Cappadocia, Philadelphos, King of Paphlagonia, the Thracian king, Adallas,
He’s been a courtier, he swears.
He’s been a pleasure to work with you, and he’s sent a great largess to your offices.
He’s been abused most notoriously.
He’s been out for nine years, and he’ll be out again.
He brought many captives home to Rome, who ransoms filled the general sacraments.
He has ordered your wife and me to hang Cordelia in the prison and to blame her for her own despair, that she fordid herself.
He’s confessed.
He has shamed me and hindered me half a million, laughed at my losses, mocked my gains, scorned my nation, ruined my bargains, cooled my friends, heated my enemies—and
He’s done good service in these wars, lady.
Every month he has a new sworn brother.
He has fought today as if a god had destroyed his life in such a hateful way.
He has given his empire to a whore, who now imposes the kings on earth for war.
He’s honored me recently, and I’ve bought Golden opinions from all sorts of people, which would be worn now in their latest gloss, not cast aside so soon.
He has only known you for three days, and you’re already no stranger.
He’s left them to you forever and to your heirs—common pleasures, to walk abroad and recreate yourself.
He’s lost his fellows and is trampled by finding them.
He’s made me a Christian.
He’s neither Latin, French, or Italian, and you’ll come into the court to swear that I’m a poor man.
He has no daughters, sir.
He has no friends except those who are afraid of him.
He hasn’t told the king his thoughts?
He hasn’t told us about the captain yet.
He hasn’t touched you yet.
He refused it in the open court.
He’s ridding his prologue like a rough colt.
He’s slept long.
He’s got some meaning in his mad attire.
He’s got the sickness to fall.
He has the jewel of my life in place, his youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca, and her withholds from me and other more, and she has a lot of enemies to her and my rivals, assuming it’
He’s cut Cupid’s bow twice or twice, and the little hangman doesn’t dare shoot at him.
He’s not wearing anything more than he’ll wear.
He has, my lord, made many tenders of his affection to me lately.
He has, my lord.
He has.
He himself calls her a nonpareil.
He’s good at keeping me.
He’s a craven and a villain, an evil, your Majesty, in my conscience.
He’s a dreamer.
He’s a gentleman of a good house, and for his ransom he’ll give you two hundred crowns.
He’s a god and knows what’s right.
He’s a good man, and his worth is challenging much respect.—Come again, Desdemona, I’m sure you’ve met him at Cyprus.
He’s a good man’s picture, but who can converse with a dumb show?
He’s a sailmaker in Bergamo.
He’s a sick man who wants to speak with you.
He’s a very good man.
He’s about to go to the house.
He’s been addressed.
He’s afraid to come.
He’s all the mother’s, from top to toe.
He’s already been named and went to Scone to be invested.
He’s arrived.
He’s as disproportioned in his manners as in his shape.—Take with you your companions.
He’s as brave as a kind man, Princely in both of them.
He’s as horribly confused about him, and his pants are pale, as if a bear were at his heels.
He’s at hand, and Pindarus’s coming to greet you from his master.
He’s waiting for a desperate train.
He’s called Aunchient Pistol.
He’s coming.
He’s a man who’s a man of treachery, and he’s fled from this evil.
He’s been screamed.
He’s drowned, and the sea mocks our search on land.
He’s drunk now.
He’s enamored by Hero.
He’s hid in Lawrence’s cell.
He’s in earnest.
He’s in heaven, where you’ll never come.
He’s a horse, and you can call him beasts.
He’s served a good job.
He’s a knight, dubbed with a rapier and a carpet, but he’s a devil in a private brawl.
He’s married?
He’s most in the company of the right noble Claudio.
He’s been a lot changed.
He’s my dear friend, please.
He’s my prisoner, and you won’t have him.
He’s my prisoner.
He’s not less than a stuffed man.
He’s not doubted.—A word, Lucillius.
He’s not here, please, your lord, who should sing it.
He’s not here.
He’s not sleeping, engrossing his idle body, but praying, to enrich his soul.
He’s not the flower of courtesy, but I’ll bet he’s as gentle as a lamb.
He’s not very tall—for his years he’s tall.
He’s not yet arrived.
He’s as brave now as Hercules, who only tells a lie and swears it.
He’s in some business with my lady and will go by and by depart.
He’s very apathetic.
He’s very important.
He’s been killed or killed.
He’s ready at the door.
He’s back.
He’s sad and civil and suits me well for a servant with my fortunes.
He’s the most active gentleman in France.
He’s been killed.
He’s sure to be possessed, madam.
He’s the treasure of all nations.
He’s the general challenger.
He’s the only man in Italy, excepted my dear Claudio.
He’s a giant to an ape, but he’s a doctor to such a man.
He’s too bad for my company.
He’s unqualified with very shameful punishment.
He’s very busy about it.
He’s very close to this.
He’s very well-favored, and he’s very shrewd.
He’s welcome here.
He’s welcome too.
He’s well paid and is well satisfied.
He’s wise, and I’ve stolped him home to bed.
He is indeed the most skillful, bloody, and fatal man you could find in any part of Illyria.
He is safe in Leicester, my lord, and if you want, we can now withdraw from the town.
He is.
He kills her in her own way.
He knows I know him well.
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo— By the bad voice.
He doesn’t know where to stop.
He doesn’t know what he says, and it’s vain that we present him to him.
He hasn’t yet learned about his honorable fortune.
He knows that you don’t embrace Antony like you loved, but as you feared him.
He’s laying it on.
He’s leading himself.
He left behind myself and a sister, both born in an hour.
He left this ring behind him, either I or not.
He’s not living like a living man.
He’s lying to your heart.
He’s lying tonight within seven lands of Rome.
He’s a man who loves you better than he could.
He doesn’t want to be as awake as we do.
He’s eager to eat the English.
He’s eager to see your head.
He looks gentler than he did.
He loves me well, and I’ve given him reasons to do that.
He made you to go on a highway to my bed, but I die as a maiden.
He only married here.
He may command me as my sovereign, but you have power in me as a kinsman.
He may recover yet.
He may show what he will be courageous, but I think he could wish himself in the Thames up to the neck as cold as it is.
He can win, and what’s music?
He meant he didn’t do anything for me, the more I did.
He might have chidled me like that, because I’m a child who’s chiding.
He doesn’t miss anything.
He named Sebastian.
He’s not as many, sir, or not as many as Caesar has.
He doesn’t need to.
He never did harm that I heard of.
He won’t see my face again.
He only made one of them in a general, honest and common sense.
He only lived until he was a man, which no sooner had his strength confirmed in the unshrinking station where he fought, but he died like a man.
He’s going to do some humor and career.
He’s pleading the duke at morning and night, and he’ll impeach the state’s freedom if they deny him justice.
He asks you to save his life.
He raised the house with loud and cowardly cries.
He ran this way and leapt over this orchard wall.
He received them from the man who brought them.
He replied, “You unpossible bastard!
He said my eyes were black and my hair was black.
He said once the devil would have him talk about women.
He said the truth.
He saves my time by avoiding my own mistakes.
He says for Brutus’s sake he’s begging us all.
He says he’ll come.
He says his name is Master Fer.
He says his name’s Poor Tom.
He says that, Tranio?
He says that.
He says they can’t do anything in this way.
He says your daughter is not well, my lord.
He’s looking for my life.
He seems to know about that too, and so he’s coming to speak with you.
He doesn’t see you.
He asks if you want to play with Laertes, or if you want to take longer.
He sent me a word if I said his beard wasn’t cut well, but he knew it was.
He’ll do this, or I’ll recant the pardon I pronouncéd here late.
He’ll enlarge him.
He’ll have justice and his bond.
He’ll have nothing but the penalty.
He’ll be ready in time.
He’ll kill two of us, and indeed men, but that’s not the case.
He’ll live a man forbid.
He won’t go to prison.
He won’t live.
He’ll pay for him who has him, and that’s a good thing.
He won’t see any fear.
He will scold fate, scorn death, and bear his hopes to scold wisdom, grace, and fear.
He’ll stay with me.
He’ll taste my bottle.
He’ll tell them so.
He’ll think, if you drop the letters, that they’re coming from my niece and that she’s in love with him.
He should, for that, commit your godfathers.
He sings at the grave.
He smiled and said, “The better for our purpose.” He was in the right place, and so is it.
He’s been searching for my life, but lately, very late.
He’s speaking home, madam.
He’s not saying anything.
He’s only a madman.
He’s talking to me.—I’m your master, Dromio.
He’s very good.
He started one poor heart in you.
He’s still in your will.
He supped at my house, but I don’t shake him.
He’s sups tonight with a harlotry, and I’ll go to him.
He swore he wouldn’t marry, and yet despite his heart, he eats his meat without grudging.
He takes on him to understand so much, and so he comes to speak with you.
He taught me how to know a man in love, in which you’re not a prisoner.
He tells me that I’m a Jew’s daughter, and he says you’re not a good member of the commonwealth, because you’re converting Jews to Christians and you’re raising
He tells me, Gertrude, he’s found the head and source of your son’s distemper.
The one who praises me for my own content, praises me for what I can’t get.
The one who conceals him, death.
The person who has a house to put his head in has a good headpiece.
Who has the two fair daughters—is that what you mean?
The man who’s giddy thinks the world turns around.
I beg you, tell me what you mean by that.
If he’s been robbed, don’t let him know what he’s doing, and he’s not robbed at all.
He who keeps or eats a crust or a crumb, tired of all, will want some.
He who knows better how to tame a shrew, let him speak.
The one who’s dividing us will bring a brand from heaven and fire us away like foxes.
The man who plays the king will be welcome.
He who will see this day and live old age will yearly feast on the feast with his neighbors and say, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.” Then he’ll strip his sleeve and show his
The man who screams next to him to scold his soul is light, and he dies upon his motion.
The sweetest rose will find Rosalind and love.
If you think he’s old enough to live, give me some help!
He sends you, meeter for your spirit, this treasure, and, instead of this, he wants you to let the dukedoms that you claim to have no more than you.
He thinks he’s still at his instrument.
He thinks that twenty times better than a man, he’s twenty men to one.
He threw his eyes aside—and he threw the object away—and it was the object of a tree, whose boughs were mossed with age and bald with dry antiquity, and
He’s a stalking-horse, and he’s a wit-strength.
He was a bachelor then.
He was a good king.
He was a man.
He was a fool who brought my answer back.
He was tempted to scold him, but suddenly a Roman thought struck him.—Enobarbus!
He was furnished like a hunter.
He was my friend, faithful and just to me.
He was not born to be shameful.
He was not a merry man, which seemed to tell them his memory was in Egypt with his joy, but between both.
He was not sad, because he would shine on those who look like him.
He was not three leagues off when I left him.
He was quick and sane when he went to school.
He was the wretched man when he was young, so long as he was growing and so leisurely, that if this rule were true, he would be gracious.
He was wont call me usurer; let him look at his contract.
He was wont lend money to a Christian, but let him look at his debt.
He’s desperate with imagination.
He would be a brave monster if they were set in his tail.
He was an excellent man who was made just midway between him and Benedick.
He were no lion, but Romans weren’t hinds.
I loved him, and I was the first man to be the first man to be the prime duke, and Prospero was so reputed in dignity, and for the liberal arts without a parallel.
He’ll bear you easily and will be able to keep your reins well.
He’ll come straight.
He’ll do everything as Hastings does.
He’ll find it comes from a clodpole.
He’ll keep that good name still.
He won’t fight with me, Domitius?
He won’t know what all except he knows.
He won’t say that.
He’ll go back to his Egyptian dish.
He will, if he lives to be a man.
He wonders how many troops you’ve assembled to come to him, without being warned of it before.
He wore his beaver up.
He would be crowned.
He would have deserved it.
He’d make it a sport and torment the poor lady.
He wouldn’t have spoken such a word.
He wouldn’t take the crown.
He wouldn’t?
He loves the prince so much for his father’s sake that he won’t be won to fight him.
He, he, he is.
He was the best lady to be able to be a fair lady.
He, sir, who must marry this woman.
He, sir.
He, Caliban, who’s now in service.
He’s in a durance now, after some action, at Malvolio’s suit, a gentleman and follower of my lady’s.
When he hears about her, he can’t refrain from laughing.
He, woman.
He.
He’ll be hanged yet, even though every drop of water swears against it and gapes at the widest to get him.
He’ll only break a comparison or two on me, which, if you’re not laughing at it, strikes him into melancholy, and then there’s a wing saved, because the fool won’
He’ll frighten you up, I’m sure.
He’ll be a good man.
He’ll shake your Paris Louvre for it, if it were the mistress court of mighty Europe.
He’ll never give up on that.
He’ll say he’s been done cowardly when he wakes up.
He’ll speak with you, will you or not.
He’ll watch the horologe a double set if he doesn’t drink his cradle.
He’s a conspirator.
He’s a coward and a coistrel who won’t drink to my niece until his brains turn toe like a parish top.
He’s a friend of the Duke Alençon’s.
He’s a good fellow, I can tell you that.
He’s a traitor.
He’s a very fool and a prodigal.
He’s almost killed, and Roderigo’s dead.
He’s as good at anything as a fool, but he’s still a fool.
He’s as tall as any man in Illyria.
He’s bound to Octavia.
He’s coming here—now, i’m in the rush, and Regan’s with him.
He’s coming, madam, but he’s very strange.
He’s coming, madam.
He’s dead and rotten.
He’s dead.
He’s fat, and has a little breath.— Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub your brows.
He’s fortified against any denial.
He’s friends with Caesar, you say you’re in good health, and you say you’re free.
He’s gone, but his wife’s killed.
He’s gone.
He’s in Arthur’s bosom, if he ever went to Arthur’s bosom.
He’s in his right mood now and doesn’t talk like the wisest.
He’s in yellow stockings.
He’s married to Octavia.
He’s married, madam.
He’s married.
He’s not a standard.
He’s not your father.
He’s in Florence now.
He’s the color of the nutmeg.
He’s safe for these three hours.
He’s talking now, or murmuring, “Where’s my serpent from the old Nile?” Because he’s calling me.
He’s the one he is.
He’s worth more sorrow than I’m going to spend for him.
He’s not worth any more than that.
Listen a little further and then I’ll bring you to the business that’s now on the rise, without the ones that this story would be most impertinent.
Listen to Antony.
Listen to his speech but say you’re not.
Listen to it.
Don’t listen to it, Duncan, because it’s a knell that summons you to heaven or hell.
Listen to me a word, because I’ll never speak to you again.
Listen to me for my cause, and be silent so you can hear me.
Listen to me with patience.
Listen to me yet, Shylock.
Listen to me, Beatrice— Talk to a man out of a window!
Listen to me, because I’ll speak.
Listen to me, good brother— Under your pardon.
Listen to me, good friends—
Listen to me, good madam.
Listen, listen to what I say: whoever strikes the first stroke, I’ll run him up to the hilts, as I’m a soldier.
Listen to me, my lord.
Listen to me, Queen: The need for time is important for us to wait a while, but my full heart is still in use with you.
Listen to me, recreant!
Listen to me, you wrangling pirates, who fall out of sharing what you’ve pilled from me!
Listen to my excuse.
Listen to my soul.
Listen to the ambassadors.
Listen to the noble Antony.
Listen to the shrill whistle, which is what order gives to sounds confused.
Do you hear her in yours?
Do you hear the news from abroad?
Listen, my lords— We’re ready, Leonato.
Listen, sir?
Listen to Nature, listen to you, dear goddess, listen to me!
Have you heard of anything strange about the streets?
Did you hear this, Gonzalo?
Heart, be stronger once than your continent.
Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets, can’t think, speak, cast, write, sing, number—hoo!—He’s love for Antony.
Thank you very much.
Heaven and earth!
Heaven and your thoughts are witnessing that you are.
Heaven and you had part in this handsome maid.
Heaven knows it.
Heaven keep the monster from Othello’s mind!
Heaven knows what she has known.
Heaven’s free of it.
I swear to send such a message, not to pick bad from bad, but to mend bad!
Heaven keep you!
Heaven rest them now.
Heaven knows that you’re as false as hell.
Heaven would wish she had these gifts, and I would live and die her slave.
Heavenly powers, restore him!
Heavens keep him from these beasts!
Heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him!
Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a fight!
Thank you!
Heavens, I’m the best of them to speak this, if I were only where it was spoken.
Oh, yes.
Helena, it’s not true.
Helen, we’ll go ahead to you.
Helena, goodbye.
Help me out of here, ho!
Help me get some house, Benvolio, or I’ll faint.
Help me, help me!
Help me, my women!
Help me get this out of my hogshead of wine, or I’ll take you out of my kingdom.
Help me dress up, good coz, good Meg, good Ursula.
Help, angels.
Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!
Help, help, help!
Help, help, Oh, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Hem them away.
So “banished” is banished from the world, and the world’s exile is death.
So he’s growing his ambition— Do you hear that?
I’ll go to my ghostly friar’s cell, where he’ll help me, and tell me what I’m doing.
Come with your little ones.
So be my grave and calm down as I give her father’s heart to her.—Call France.
Go away and stay away from me.
Go away!
So go away!
Go away, and don’t follow me anymore.
So, horrible shadow!
I’ll scolde your eyes like balls before me!
So, if he’s a savage, he’ll be able to keep your fortune from slipping away.
So, make sure you get it right.
Go, Mardian, and bring me the way he takes my death.
Go on, scolding peasant!
So, sane eunuch!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Go on.
Go on.
I’ll never be Romeo.
I’ll be afffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Now, do your messages yourself.
Henry the Sixth, crowned king of France and England, succeeded this king, who had the power to manage so many of them that they lost France and made his England bleed, which we have shown on stage.
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.
Her blush is guilt, not modesty.
Her body sleeps in Capels’ tomb, and her immortal part with angels lives.
I’m starting to pity her.
Her eyes are talking.
Her eyes would be so bright in the air that birds would sing and think it wasn’t night.
Her eyes are fierce, but you’re comforting and not burning.
Her savage leas are rooting on her darnel, hemlock, and rank fumitory, while the coulter rusts to deracinate such savagery.
Her father is Baptista Minola, an affable and courteous gentleman.
Her father loved me, and invited me often, and asked me about my life from year to year, the battles, sieges, and the fortunes I’ve passed.
Her father’s brother would be her lord?
What color is her hair?
Her head has declined, and death will save her, but you’ll help her.
Her hedges, even-pleached, like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair, put forth disordered twigs.
Her husband, knave.
Her husband, sir?
She’s suffering with what else you need to know more about, and this is what she’s doing.
Her lord is here.
She would love both of us, and she would love both of us.
Her mother has told me so many times.
Her name is Katherina Minola, known in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Her name is Margery, indeed.
Her name is Portia, and Cato’s daughter, Portia, has nothing to do with her name.
Her name, as fresh as Dian’s face, is now begrimed and black as my own face.
She’s shrewd and froward, so beyond all measure that if my state was far worse than it is, I wouldn’t marry her for a mine of gold.
Her robes are sick and green, and no fools wear it.
Her vine, the merry cheerer of the heart, is unpruned.
Her spooky son has broken his arrows, and he’s afraid he’ll shoot no more than sparrows and be a boy right out of here.
Her worth is mounted on the wind, and through the whole world she bears Rosalind.
Herald, save your labor.
Here all eyes are on us.
Here are enemies.
Here at the door.
Here at your service.
Here comes Catesby again.
Let’s stop a few more questions.
Here come the lovers, full of joy and joy.—Stress, gentle friends!
Here come the officers.
Here come two noble beasts, a man and a lion.
Here comes a messenger.
Here comes Ancient Pistol and his wife.
Here comes another tribe.
Here comes another army to search for you.
Here comes Antony.
Here comes Baptista.
Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, even though he had no hand in his death, will receive the benefit of his dying—a place in the commonwealth—a place that you won’
Here comes his Majesty.
Here comes Kent.
Here comes Lorenzo.
Here comes my lady.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my man.
Here comes my messenger.—How are you, mad spirit?
Here comes my noble gull-catcher.
Here comes more comfort.
Here comes Oberon.
Here comes one of the parings.
Here comes one.
Here comes other snorings.
Here comes Sir Oliver.—Sir Oliver Martext, you’re well met.
Here comes Sir Toby halting.
Here comes the count.
Here comes the Countess.
Here comes the Emperor.
Here comes the fool, I’m sure.
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the good Macduff.
Here comes the herald of the French, my liege.
Here comes the king, the queen, the courtiers—who are the men they follow, and with such a rite?
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the lady.
Here comes the little villain.
Here comes the man you mean.
Here comes the man who saved me, sir.
Here comes the noble Antony.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio in the rush.
Here comes the Prince and Claudio.
Here comes Thisbe.
Here comes two of the duke’s pages.
Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
Here comes your father.
I choose here, and I’ll grow as I can!
Here you keep a hundred knights and squires, men so disordered, so debauched and bold that this court, infected with their manners, shows like a riotous inn.
Here he comes with your niece.
Here he comes, and the Scots captain, Captain Jamy, with him.
Here he comes.
Here he is, here he is.
Here I am Antony, but I can’t hold this visible shape, my king.
Here I am.
Here I am.
I kneel here: If my will trespassed his love, either in a discourse of thought or actual deed, or that my eyes, my ears, or any sense, delighted them, or any other
Here I am, your slave— A poor, infirm, weak, and despised old man.
I’ll sit here in the middle.
Here in the tent.
I’ve lurked here in these confines to watch the waning of my enemies.
Here’s a friar that trembles, sighs and weeps.
Here’s a place reserved, sir.
Here’s a rural fellow who won’t be denied the presence of your Highness.
Here’s a wonder, if you talk about it.
Here is better than in the air.
Here’s everything that’s beneficial to life.
Here is his Majesty.
Here’s more news.
Here are more of us.
Here is my bed.
Here’s my journey’s end, here’s my butt, and I’m the sea-mark of my most beautiful sail.
Here’s the cap your Worship said.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor, the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
Here is the man.
Here’s the money.
Here’s the number of the slaughtered French.
Here’s the place, my lord.
Here’s your fee.
Here’s a postscript.
Here it is, I think.
Here it is.
Here lay Duncan, his silver skin laced with his golden blood, and his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature for ruin’s wasteful entrance.
Let them lie here until the famine and the ague eat them up.
I’ll lie down here and measure out my grave.
Here lies the slain county, and Juliet is bleeding, warm and newly dead, who has been buried here for two days.—Go, tell the Prince.
Here lies the east.
Here you go.
Here love, you see how diligent I am to dress your meat myself and bring it to you.
Here on her breast there’s a vent of blood, and something has been blown.
Here she comes, cursed and sad.
Here the street is narrow.
So I’ll stay here for a while.
Here they’ll be, man.
Here they thought they had done some charm on this man and her husband, who vows that no bed-right will be paid until Hymen’s torch is lighted—but in vain.
Here was a Caesar!
Here he was a good man, hearing a song.
Here we go.
Here were the servants of your adversary, and yours, I was fighting close to you.
I’ll rest here until dawn.
Here we sit and listen to the music in our ears.
Here you can roast your goose.
Here, at your hand.
Here, catch this casecase.
Here, Fluellen, wear this favor for me and stick it in your cap.
Here comes Master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too.
Here, here I’ll remain with worms that are your chambermaids.
Here, here, sir!
Here, here!
Here, kiss the book.
Here, madam, at your service.
Here, madam: Conster them.
Here, madam.
Here, master.
Here, mighty Theseus.
Here, my good lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, my lord.
Here, noble lord.
Here, Peter Quince.
Here, Signior Tranio, you aimed at this bird, though you didn’t hit her.—So, it’s a good thing to all those who shot and missed.
Here, sir, she asked me to give you a ring.
Here, sir, as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir, but don’t bother him.
Here, sir!
Here, sir!” You snoring and unpolished grooms!
Here, sirah Grumio.
Here, stand behind this bulk, he’ll come straight away.
Here, sir, at your service.
Take away this dish.
Here, you incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, drink this potion.
Here, under the permission of Brutus and the rest—for Brutus is an honorable man; so are they all, all honorable men— Come to speak in Caesar’s funeral.
Here, wear this jewel for me.
Here.
Here.
That’s a change!
Here’s a good world.
Here’s a madman who will murder me.
Here’s a maze thrown through slanders and meanders.
Here’s a night of pity that neither wise man nor fool.
Here’s a spirit.
Here’s another more powerful than the first.
Here’s Cassio hurt by villains.
Here’s Decius Brutus.
Here’s a drink.
Here’s France and Burgundy, my noble lord.
Here’s a good gear.
Here’s his dry hand up and down.
Here’s Lucentio, right son to the right Vincentio, who have made your daughter mine by marriage while counterfeits suppose you’ve bleared your eyne.
Here’s more attractive metal.
Here’s more news.
There’s no bush or shrub to keep away from the weather.
Here’s no knathing!
Here’s one who comes in his shirt with light and weapons.
Here’s one, a friend, and one who knows you well.
Here’s our chief guest.
Here’s our own hands against our hearts.
Here’s packing, with a witness, to deceive us all!
Here’s Romeo’s man.
Here’s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash, like a censer in a barber’s shop.
Yes, here’s a sport!
Here’s a slew of sleeves.
Here’s the one who will drive some of them to a noncome.
Here’s a payment that will pay them all, I assure you.
Here’s the friar ready.
Here’s the way: I was in a silvered place, where Cleopatra and himself were seated in a chair of gold.
Here’s the place.
Here’s the smell of blood still alive.
Here’s to Caesar.
Here’s to you, Menas!
Here’s to your health.
Here’s too much “out on you!” Please, let me in.
Here’s some liquor left.
In a better world than this, I’ll want to know more about you.
Here I see you don’t love me with the full weight that I love you.
Hero can blot out Hero’s virtue.
Hero who’s dead!
Hero thinks she will die, because she says she will die if he doesn’t love her, and she will die if she tells her her love, and she will die if he woos her rather
You are hers.
Hey, Mountain, hey!
Are you a man who’s a golden crown?
Be patient and smiley.
Hie, gentle Jew.
Hie, slave.
So, Robin, overcast the night.
Go to high fortune!
Go to your room.
Go to the church.
Go on horse.
Go to the cell.
Hurry up, because it’s getting late.
Hey, Messala, and I’ll look for Pindarus for a while.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Great Juno, the highest queen of state, comes.
Hillo, ho, ho, boy.
You’ve already conceived of him and his worth and our great need for him.
He’s there in person?
Himself.
His absence, sir, blames his promise.
His affections don’t tend to go that way.
He said that the people were not used to speak to only by the recorder.
His voice is uttering foul words and retracing them.
His bark is stoutly timbered and his pilot is very expert and approved.
He was grizzled, no?
He’s better off not breathing on the earth.
His breeding, sir, has been my responsibility.
His captain’s heart has burst in the scuffles of great fights, reneges all temper and becomes the bellows and fan to cool a gypsy’s lust.
He’s not a man, and even though his affections are higher than ours, when they stoop, they stoop with the same wing.
His company must do his best to his servants while I’m starving at home for a happy look.
He’s going to do my best to do my best.
He doesn’t like me.
His coward lips were flying from their color, and the same eye whose bends awe the world lost his luster.
His daughter and I will be king and queen—save our graces!—and Trinculo and yourself will be viceroys.—Do you like the plot, Trinculo?
His daughter will be brought to the supper by you.
His daughters are seeking his death.
He’s dead, but not dead.
I’m sure he can’t carry his valor, because the goose doesn’t carry the fox.
He’s wrong about leaving his friend here in a hurry and refusing him.
His relationship with my niece is no less than impressive.
He did, if he had it.
His eyes are humbler than they used to be.
His eyes are as red as fire with weeping.
His eyes were green as leeks.
His eyes were set at eight in the morning.
His father was called Philip of Macedon, as I say.
His father, even though I say it, is an honest, exceedingly poor man, and, God be thanked, he’s well to live.
He’s only guilty of what the law should end, Tybalt’s life.
His fault is very bad, and the good king’s master will check him out.
His flight was insane.
Helena, he’s not my fault.
He’s speaking well about his friend.
His glory wasn’t attenuated when he was worthy, nor his crimes for which he died.
His grace made the match, and all of his grace said “Amen” to it.
His grace looks cheerful and smooth this morning.
His grace speaks cheerfully.
His highness is not well.
His Honor and I are at the one, and at the other is my good friend Catesby, where nothing can happen that affects us, where I won’t have intelligence.
His horse is dead, and he fights all on foot, looking for Richmond in the throat of death.
He’s almost finished.
His indignation is caused by a very competent injury.
His knights are rioting, and he’s upbraiding us on every corner.
He’ll be done if you’ve tuned in.
He’s only so stiff—and yet he’s well.
His letter will show you his estate.
I gave him his life and did it to add my love, without restraint or resentment, to his dedication.
His life was gentle, and the elements were so mixed in him that Nature could stand up and say to the world, “This was a man.” According to his virtue, let’s use him with all respect and rites of
His majesty, who’s threatening my person’s safety, has appointed this act to send me to the Tower.
His name is Balthazar.
His name is Tyrrel, my lord.
His name!
His name’s Cinna.
His neigh is like a monarch’s bid, and his countenance is a homage to him.
His nurse?
His unkindness that stripped her of his benediction turned her to foreign casualties, gave her dear rights to his dog-hearted daughters.
His passport will be made, and his purse will be filled with crowns for the convoy.
We thank you for his present and your pains.
His arm shook the world.
I know his reason.
His roguish madness allows itself to do anything.
His royal grace, who is better preserved than you would wish, can’t be quiet and quiet, but you have to trouble him with a few lewd complaints.
His army is twice the other two.
His son is older than that, sir.
His son is thirty.
His son was only a ward two years ago.
His speech was like a tangled chain.
His spirits hear me, but I have to curse him.
His taints and honors were equal to him.
He’s taken the infection, man.
That’s what he said in the letter.
His wits are gone.
His word is more than the miraculous harp.
His word could bear my wealth anytime.
He said, “Goodbye, mistress.” Nothing else.
Oh, ho, ho!
Ho, lock the door.
Now you’re hitting like a blind man.
Open the door.
Hob, nob, is his word.
Keep him safe until the Prince comes here.
Don’t be afraid, even if you’re afraid.
Hold off the earth for a while until I’ve caught her in my arms once more.
Hold off your hand.
Hold off your hands.
Hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it.
Hold on.
Hold your breath.
Do you have the watch tonight?
Hold on, there’s a groat to heal your wounds.
Stop, for shame!
Hold on, for your lives!
Stop!
Hold my heart, and you, my sinews, don’t grow old instantly, but hold me up.
Hold my hand.
Hold, or cut bowstrings.
Hold on, sir, for God’s sake!
Hold on, sir, here’s my purse.
Hold on, sir, or I’ll throw your dagger out of the house.
Hold on, take my sword.
Hold, take these keys and get more spices, Nurse.
Hold on to that and that.
Stop, then.
There are forty ducats.
Hold on, there’s money for you.
Hold on, there’s half my money.
Stop, Toby!
Hold on, dear lady, hold on!
Stop!
Is it true, sir, that the Duke of Cornwall was killed so badly?
Holla!
Holy Franciscan Friar!
Holy Saint Francis, what a change this is!
Home, you idle creatures get you home!
Honest Iago has ordered it.
Goodbye, Nurse.
Yes, I’m honest.
Honest, my lord?
Honest, my lord?
Hooray!
Hooray!
Hood my unmanned blood batting in my cheeks, with your black mantle, until strange love grows bold, think true love acted simple modesty.
Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes.
I hope I can choose, sir.
The cries in Tom’s belly for two white herrings.
Horatio says it’s only our fantasy and won’t let the belief take hold of him once he saw this dreaded sight of us.
Horatio, you’re just as a man as I’ve been.
Horn mad, you villain!
Horns?
A horrible sight!
It’s a cliff.
Horses are tied by the heads, dogs and bears by the neck, monkeys by the loins, and men by the legs.
Hortensio, listen.
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, calm down.
Hortensio, what are all these words?
Hot, hot, and moist.
Hound or spaniel, brach or him, Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail— Tom will make them weep and wail.
Go ahead and say right for right has dimmed your infant to a night.
What are you feeling now?
How “seventh cause”?—Good, my lord, like this fellow.
How “strangely”?
How do you “wear the garland”?
How am I snuck up!—What kind of catechizing call you this?
How am I false?
How am I a villain to counsel Cassio on this parallel course, directly to his good?
How do you answer for yourself?
How do you respond to that?
How is the fight going?
How are they escoted?
How are you out of breath when you have breath to tell me that you’re out of breath?
How cruel mankind is!
How can I do, sir?
How did he get mad?
How did she see such a bright eye?
How did she get that light?
How did this happen?
How did we get ashore?
How did you recover from that?
How did you get to this?
How did you come, Cassio, by that handkerchief that was my wife’s handkerchief?
How can it be?
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
How can that be, when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in Denmark?
How can that be?
How can I seem to be a slander to you, if I have the proof that they’re true?
How can this be?
How can you cross this marriage?
How can you make me happy?
How can you do that, Titania, because I know you love You?
How can you try them like that?
How can you tell us to obey God’s dreadful law when you’ve broken it in such a high fashion?
How can you get her?
What chance the king has to come with such a small train?
What chance the roses there are to fade so quickly?
How could you get back so soon?
How are they going?
How are you cheering, Jessica?
How are you getting so upset, husband, how are you?
How is it?
How is that?
How does he get this trick?
How did you find the fight on the seventh cause?
How did my master die, Strato?
How are you all at Verona?
What do you mean, remove him?
How are you, Cassio?—Oh, a chair, a chair!
How are you, madam?
How are you, Malvolio?
How are you, pretty lady?
How are you, sir?
How are you, women?
How is Hamlet?
How does he love me?
How is lieutenant Cassio?
How is my baffling sister?
How is my good Lord Hamlet?
How did my old acquaintance of this island be?—House, you’ll be well desired in Cyprus, I have found great love among them.
How is my royal lord?
How is my wife?
How is the queen?
How is your honor?
How are you and your master agree?
How are you feeling now?
How are you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?
How are you, Benedick, the married man?
How are you, Charles?
How are you, Guildenstern?
How are you, my good fellow?
How are you?
How are you, my lord?
How is my lady?
How is the lady?
How is the prince?
How do you, villains, bring it out of the dresser and serve it to me who don’t love it?
That’s how easy it is, then!
How far is it, lords?
How far that little candle throws his beams!
How are you, soldier?
How is my gracious sir?
How is my Juliet?
How is my lord doing?
How is my noble lord?
How is our cousin Hamlet doing?
How is our cousin, noble Lord of York?
How are you?
How is your majesty?
How fearful and dizzy it is to see one’s eyes so low!
How fine my master is!
How fondly do you reason?
How foolish are your fears now, Calphurnia!
How is it?
How is it going here?
How is it going now?
How is it with my brave Mark Antony?
How is the night going, boy?
How is the world going with you?
How is the world going now, sir?
How green!
How have you lost your breath?
How have you offended me?
How have you been a divine, a ghostly confessor, a sin-absolver, and my friend said you’re trying to fool me with that word banishment?
How did your lord be jailed?
How did I behave so that he could keep the most sane opinion on my poor use?
How have I offended me?
How have the hours racked and tortured me since I lost you!
How have you known the misfortunes of your father?
How have you split yourself?
How have you slept, my lord?
How much is my lord?
How I do it!
I’ll tell you what I think of this and what happened in this time.
How idly they talk!
What if it were fair and foolish?
What if he doesn’t stand up?
What if I answered “No”?
What if the kiss was denied?
What if they don’t want to?
What if your husband started somewhere else?
What do you think you’re doing, “practiced”?
How is it with me when every noise strikes me?
How are you, my fair Bianca?
How are you?
How is it, brother?
How is it, Laertes?
How is it, my noble lord?
How is it?
How is it the “man in the moon”?
How is she?
What’s that, general?
How is the man who’s been honored here in the city?
How are you, sir?
How do you know he loves her?
How are you, the German young man, the Duke of Saxony’s nephew?
How are these quick-witted folks Gremio?
How long has he been there?
How long has she been here?
How long has this possession held the man?
How long have you been a astronomical astronom?
How long do you plan to stay in this forest?
How did he look?
How did you lose your company?
How low am I, you painted a maypole?
How low am I?
How lush and lusty the grass looks!
How malicious I am, that I have to repent to be just!
How many cowards whose hearts are as false as the sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand sand
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy!
How many gentlemen have you lost in this action?
How many good creatures are there here!
How many months do you want?
How many people should cover that stand bare?
How many things are done by season to their praise and true perfection!
How many times will Caesar bleed in sport, that now on Pompey’s basis is no worthier than the dust!
How many, as you guess?
How can that be?
How can the Duke be satisfied with that, whose messengers are here about my side when they’re in the process of bringing me to him?
How can we try it further?
How much better it is to weep at joy than to rejoice at weeping!
How much I had to do to calm his rage!
How much low-paying would be gleaned from the true seed of honor?
You’re so much older than you look!
How much unlike Mark Antony!
How can I get this done?
What’s going on, brother Edmund?
How are you, Captain Macmorris, leaving the mines?
What’s going on, Cassio?
What’s going on, cousin Hero?
What’s going on, daughter and cousin?
What’s going on, daughter?
What’s going on, fellow?
How are you coming from the bridge, Fluellen?
What’s going on, friend Eros?
What’s going on, general?
What’s going on, gentleman?
What’s going on, Grumio?
What’s going on, Horatio?
What’s going on, what’s going on?
What’s going on, interjections?
What’s going on, lady?
What’s the news, Lord Stanley?
What’s going on, Lorenzo?
What’s going on, Malvolio?
What’s going on, Malvolio?
What’s going on, masters?
What’s going on, mistress?
What’s going on, Othello?
Why are you so pale, my friend?
What’s going on, my hearts?
What’s going on, my lord?
What’s going on, my lord?
What’s going on, my lord?
What’s going on, my love?
What’s going on, my metal from India?
What’s going on, my noble friend?
What’s going on, my pretty king?
What’s going on, my sweet Bianca?
What’s going on, old man?
What’s going on, Oswald?
What’s going on, Roderigo?
What’s going on, Roderigo?
What’s going on, Shylock?
What’s going on, Sir Toby Belch?
What’s going on, sir?
What’s going on, sir?
What’s going on, sir!
What’s going on, spirit?
What’s going on, Tubal?
What’s the news?
What’s the matter?
Who’s calling me?
What’s going on, worthy soldier?
What’s going on, you dog?
What’s going on, you secretly hags, black, and midnight?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
How odd he is!
How oddly you respond!
How often tonight have my old feet stumbled at graves!—Who’s there?
How old are you, friend?
How old are you?
How would you be ruled by me?
How did he split with you?
How poor are those who haven’t been patient!
How do you prove that in the vast amount of your knowledge?
How quickly the wrong side can be turned outward!
How happy, my lord?
What do you say by the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?
What do you think about this change?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What do you say to that, Malvolio?
What do you say, Cassio?
What do you say, lady?
What do you say, Signior Gremio?
What do you say, sir?
What do you say, then?
How should I answer you?
How can I see you again?
How will that faith return to earth unless my husband sends it to me by leaving the earth?
How can we beguiled by the lazy time if not with some delight?
How can we find the concord between this and the discord?
How can we see their natural tears?
How can we try it?
How will you hope for mercy, without a doubt?
How should that be?
How should they, when wise men don’t have eyes?
The sound of lovers’ tongues by night is silver-sweet, like the softest music to listen to!
They’re so smooth and even happy, as if they were sat in their robes with faith and constant loyalty.
How sound asleep she is!
How sweet is love itself when only love’s shadows are so rich in joy!
How sweet the moonlight sleeps on this bank!
How tartly that gentleman looks!
What could change his nature, there’s the question.
How the moon sleeps with Endymion and doesn’t want to be awake.
What then, sick?
What do you think of it?
How vexist you are!
How good I feel about this!
How will this fadge?
How will you live?
How are you going to do for a father?
How can I honor him for the one I’ve given you?
How is the governor of the town still doing?
How, how do I pray for you?
How, Cordelia?
How, how, how, how?
How, please?
How, in one house, should many people under two command have a good life?
How, by stripping it, you’ll invest it more!
I’m afraid to think about how I can be saned, my lord.
How, my pretty York?
How, the nonpareil!
How, will she ever be?
How!
How!
How?
How?
How?
How’s that?
How’s the day?
If you’re a fiend, you’re shielded by a woman’s shape.
Howl, howl, howl, howl!
I’m a howling.
Hoyday, a riddle!
Hugh Capet, who inherited the crown of Charles the duke of Lorraine, the sole heir of Charles the Great, was able to find his title with some proof of truth, even though it was corrupt and naught
Hum!
I thank you, sir.
I’m humbly on my knee asking for your blessing.
Dear, sir, thank you.
Humh!
Huntsman, I charge you, tender my hounds.
Hurry him in eleven places.
Husband, I’ll dine above with you today and shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.
Husband, let’s follow to see the end of this ado.
Husband?
Hush and be mute, or else our spell is ruined.
You think there are no more shapes like him, despite seeing him and Caliban.
Hush!
Hymen brought her from heaven, Yea, brought her here so you could join her hand with his whose heart within his bosom.
I’m “an itching palm”!
I’ve scolded him!
I’m almost dying for food, and let me have it.
I’ll go alone.
I’m a fellow of the strangest minds in the world.
I’m a fool to cry at what I’m glad about.
I’m a gentleman of a company.
I’m a gentleman of blood and breeding, and I’ve gained some knowledge and assurance to give this job to you.
I’m a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade.
I’m a gentleman.
I’m a Jew.
I’m a king, my masters, do you know that?
I’m a soldier, and I’m older in practice, and more capable than you to make the right decisions.
I’m not a common man.
I’m a tainted wether of the flock, the most ill for death.
I’m a very foolish, fond old man, fourscore and upward, not an hour more or less.
I’m a villain.
I’m afraid there are few people who die well in a battle, because how can they charitably dispose of anything when they’re fighting?
I’m afraid you’re making a wish for me.
I’m afeard, because it’s night, all this is just a dream, too sweet to be substantial.
I’m afraid he’ll chase me.
I’m afraid this great lubber, the world, will be a cockney.
I’m afraid to hear you tell me.
I agree, and I wish I had given him the best horse in Padua to start his wooing that would woo her thoroughly, wed her, and bed her, and rid the house of her!
I’m all the daughters of my father’s house, and all the brothers too—and yet I don’t know.
I’m alone the villain of the earth, and I feel like I’m so much.
I’m amazed and don’t know what to say.
I’m an ass, I’m a woman’s man, and besides myself.
I’m an ass, indeed.
I’m an ass, but I’d like to know her as well as she knows me.
I’m well prepared and armed.—Don’t give me your hand, Bassanio.
I’m as mad as he is, if sad and merry madness is equal.
I’m ashamed I gave them the money.
I’m ashamed that women are so simple to offer war where they should kneel for peace; or seek for rule, supremacy, and sway when they are bound to serve, love, and obey.
I’m tired of this moon.
I’m tired.
I’m going to supper, Jessica.
I’m bound by oath, and I’ll pardon him.
I’m bound to hear.
I’m bound to the court of Count Orsino.
I’m bound to you forever.
I’m bound to your niece, sir.
I’m boy to all three of them, but all three of them, even if they would serve me, couldn’t be man to me.
I’m only hurt.
I’m only a mad north-north-westerner.
I’m called Dercetus.
I’m called.
I’ve changed my mind.
I’m Christopher Sly.
I’m coming to tell my king and master to have a good night.
I’m always devoted to my purpose.
I’m happy you’ll keep me, but don’t stay, keep me as you can.
I’m happy, so the maiden cities you’re talking about can wait on her.
I’m happy, you’ll get it.
I’m satisfied.
I’m satisfied.
I’m cut to the brains.
I’m talking about my present store, and I can’t raise up the total of three thousand ducats instantly.
I’m desperate about my fortunes if they check me.
I’m sure you’ve been scolded and scolded by her as far as we call hers.
I’m dumb.
I’m dying, Egypt, dying.
I’m the natural fool of fortune.
I’m famished by his service.
I’m afraid in the field and in the town.
I’m fire and air, my other elements I give to basers.—So, have you done that?
I’m for it, lieutenant, and I’ll do justice to you.
I’m for the air.
I’m for you right now.
I’m for you.
I’m full of pleasure.
I’ve been told secretly that your younger brother Orlando has the right to come in disguise against me to try a fall.
I’m glad he’s come, howsoe's he come?
I’m glad about it.
I’m glad about it.
I’m glad you’ve left.
I’m glad about it.
I’m glad about it.
I’m glad about it.
I’m glad my weak words have only caused a lot of fire from Brutus.
I’m glad you can’t speak better English, because if you could find me such a plain king that you would think I’d sold my farm to buy my crown.
I’m glad your father’s dead, your match was mortal to him, and pure grief smothered his old thread in two.
I’m glad to see you in this merry way.
I’m glad you’re insane.
I’m glad to see you well.—Horatio?
I’m glad to see you.
I’m glad to see you.
I’m glad to see your Honor.
I’m gone, even though I’m here.
I’m Grumio’s pledge.
I’m half afeard that you’ll say that he’s a kin to you, and you’re so witful of praising him.—Come on, Nerissa, for
I’m the one who’s so love-shaken.
I’m him.
I’m very glad I came here to you.
I’m already here, sir.
I’m hers.
I am his brother, and I love him very much.
I’ve been your daughter for a while.
I’m hurt.
I’m a prince, Miranda—I think I’m a king; I wouldn’t, not so!—and I wouldn’t have to endure this wooden slavery more than to suffer the flesh-fly blow
I’m ordered to deliver the noble duke of Clarence to your hands.
I’m in debt for your last job.
I’ve been informed of the cause.
I’m Launcelot, your boy who was, your son who is, your child who will be.
I’m not sure what I wanted you to know.
I’m locked in one of them.
I’ve been mutilated for a long time.
I’m abused.
I’m more an antique Roman than a Dane.
I’m prouder to be Sir Rowland’s son, his youngest son, and I wouldn’t change that calling to be Frederick’s adopted heir.
I’m a big fan of how my lady his mother played a false role with a smith.
I’m very close to you.
I’m never a merry person when I hear sweet music.
I’m no child, no baby.
I’m not a fee-free person, lady.
I’m not a fighter.
I’m no less in blood than you are, Edmund.
I’m no more mad than you are.
I’m not a traitor.
I’m not a villain.
I’m not one of his flirty gills.
I’m not one of his sains-mates.
I’m not one of these, my lord.
I’m not a slut, even though I thank the gods for being foul.
I’m not a barbason, you can’t conjure me.
I’m not asking for love.
I’m not going to please you with my answers.
I’m not Cinna the conspirator.
I’m not drunk now.
I’m not for this ambling.
I don’t have the money to pay for it.
I’m not a game-player.
I’m not guilty of Lysander’s blood.
I’m not here.
I don’t know if there’s a man like that or those eyes shut that make you answer “yes.” If he’s killed, say “yes,” or if not, “no.” Brief sounds determine
I’m not in a sporty mood now.
I’m not in the giving mood today.
I’m not insane, Sir Topas.
I’m not insane.
I’m not made of stones, but I’m able to find your kind love, against my conscience and my soul.
I’m not married, Caesar.
I’m not a good man, but I’m a fool by pretending to be different.
I’m not a lot of words, but I thank you.
I’m not yours.
I’m not sick if Brutus has any exploit worthy of the name of honor.
I’m not so reputed!
I’m not as well as I should be, but I’ll never go out.
I’m not sorry, either.
I’m not Stephano, but I’m a cramp.
I’m not such an ass, but I can keep my hand dry.
I’ve never been taught to make anything.
I’m not known to you, even though I’m perfect in your honor.
I’m not a fool.
I’m not well in health, and that’s all.
I’m not well.
I am not what I am.
I’m now from home, and I’m out of that provision that will be necessary for your entertainment.
I’m in great hurry now, as it may appear to you.
I’m old and foolish.
I’m old now, and these same crosses spoil me.
I’m one of those people who have been so angry and angry that I’m reckless in doing what I do to spite the world.
I’m one of you who comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are making the beast with two backs.
I’m only sorry he didn’t have any other man to kill himself.
I’m out of all other tunes, I think.
I’m paid for it now.
I’m pale, Charmian.
I’m scolded for this world, I swear.
I’m poisoned.
I’m scolded at the smell of leek.
I’m ill quickly, and I love it.
I’m ready now.
I’m ready.
I’m right about to go.
I’m satisfied.
I’m not breathing, my lord.
I’ve been sent before to make a fire, and they’re coming after to warm them up.
I’m sick and sullen.
I’m sick about him, and whatever happens to be his affections, he’s equally suited to me.
I’m so late in the world that I’ve lost my way forever.
I’m so a fool, if I stay longer, it would be my shame and your discomfort.
I am.
I’m sorry for her, as I have just reason to be her uncle and guardian.
I’m sorry for my cousin.
I’m sorry for you, friend.
I’m sorry for you.
I’m sorry for your dissatisfaction, but everything will be good.
I’m sorry I beat you.
I’m sorry I’ve been fooled by him.
I’m sorry I didn’t mention him with better judgment.
I’m sorry you don’t enjoy your leisure.— Antonio, please, this gentleman, because you’re very much bound to him.
I’m sorry you’ll leave my father like that.
I’m sorry to see you here.
I’m sorry to give up my purpose— Help me out, dear Charmian!
I’m sorry to hear this.
I’m sorry.
I’m sped.
I’m strong-framed.
I’m stuffed, cousin.
I’m sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.
I’m sure he’s in the fleet.
I’m sure I’m not such a person.
I’m sure no one has any fight with me.
I’m sure of that.
I’m sure the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold.
I’m sure you’re not Launcelot, my boy.
I’m sure you both remember me.
I’m sure you know him well enough.
I’m sure, sweet Kate, this kindness deserves thanks.
I’m tame, sir.
I’m the unhappy subject of these quarrels.
I’m that merry wanderer of the night.
I’m the duke who loved your father.
I’m the greatest, capable of the least, but I’ve been suspected, as time and place as I am against me, of this terrible murder.
I’m the king himself.
I’m the man.
I’m Sir Rowland’s second son, who brings these tidals to this fair assembly.
I’m Marcus Cato’s son!
I’m the man— I’ll see that right away.
I’m the youngest person in that name, because I’m a worse person.
I’m their father’s mother.
I’m their mother.
I’m so bold to think about what you promised me.
I’m your father’s spirit, doomed for a certain period to walk the night and for the day to be confined to fires until the terrible crimes I’ve committed in my days of nature are burnt and
I’m tied to the stake, and I have to stand up.
I’m to blame for waiting for it.
I’m to blame.
I’m going to pray you don’t want to strain my speech to more serious issues or to more serious issues than to suspicion.
I’m too sore enpiercé with his shaft to soar with his light feathers, and I can’t get a pitch above dull sorrow.
I’ve been transformed, master, am I?
I’m not in the mood for state and majesty.
I’m very receptive, even to the least sinister use.
I’m very glad about it.
I’m very glad to see you, sir.
I’m very glad to see you.
I’m very poor at ease, and I’m not suitable for my own purposes.
I’m very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act in.
I’m very sorry you’re not well.
I’m tired of you.
I’m young, but I’m a good man, and I’m wise to give up a poor, innocent lamb to help an angry god.
I’m your host.
I’m your neighbor, and I was suitor first.
I’m your own for forever.
I’m your spaniel.
I’m your wife if you want to marry me.
I am.
I and my wife must debate for a while, and then I wouldn’t have any other company.
I and my sword will earn our chronicle.
I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the better man.
Is that what I’m saying?
I’m arresting you for high treason, by the name of Henry, Lord Scroop of Masham.
I’m arresting you for high treason, by the name of Richard, Earl of Cambridge.
I’m arresting you for high treason, by the name of Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland.
I assure my good liege that I’m as good as I am, both to my God and to my gracious king.
I assure you, Carthage.
I’m going to attend them with all respect and duty.
I told the rascal to knock on your gate and I couldn’t get him to do it.
I don’t have hatred, blessed man, because my intercession is like a foe.
I beg for justice, which you, Prince, must give.
I believe drink gave you the lie last night.
I believe we have to leave out the killing until everything is done.
I beg you, young man, don’t put another sin on my head by telling me to fury.
I beg you to pardon me if I’m mistaken—because my duty can’t be silent when I think your highness is wrong.
Please, do me this courteous job, so I can know what my offense against him is.
Please, follow straight.
Please, sir, go.
Please, pardon me.
Please, what kind of man is he?
Please.
Please forgive me.
I didn’t tailor it to my needs.
I’m beyond all the limits of what else I’m doing to love you, honor you.
I’m bleeding, sir, but I’m not killed.
I don’t bring any war or homage to you.
I’ll bring you a story about the Prince’s death.
I’m not sure, because I’m very happy and determined to face all dangers very quickly.
I should wear it myself.
I call you the most modest, because I’m one of those gentle people who will use the devil himself with courtesy.
I don’t call you.
I call them out to credit her.
I called you “vain of my fortune.” I called you a poor shadow, “painted queen,” the presentation of what I was, the flattering index of a direful pageant, one heaved a
I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord.
I came here to tell you, and, since she’s been talking about for too long, the lady is disloyal.
I can be hanged as well as tell the story.
I can be patient.
I can’t see it anymore.
I can’t resist throwing things at him.
I can keep a good counsel, ride, run, tell a curious story, and deliver a clear message.
I can’t live by thinking anymore.
I can’t do anything else.
I can’t do anything else.
I can read.
I can say nothing more than I’ve studied, and that’s out of my mind.
I can see a church in daylight.
I can see without spectacles, and I can’t see anything like that.
I can stand well enough, and I can speak well enough.
I can stay with Regan, I and my hundred knights.
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs.
I can swim like a duck, I’ll be sworn.
I can tell you where that saying was born, “I don’t fear colors.” Where, good Mistress Mary?
I can tell you what you want.
I can tell you that it will help you to wear your shoes.
I can tell you, but young Romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you found him.
I can tell your Majesty, the duke is a prave man.
I can write very like your niece, my lady: on a forgotten matter, we can’t make distinction between our hands.
I can tell her to look out of her lady’s room window at any time of the night.
Petruchio, I can help you find a wife with enough wealth, young and wise, and he’s the best woman to become.
I can’t be a man with wishing, so I’ll die a woman with grieving.
I can’t be so answerable.
Goneril, I can’t be so partial to the great love I bear you— Please, calm down.
I can’t believe that in her.
I can’t tell you to live my daughter—that’s impossible—but please, both of you, tell the people of Messina how innocent she died.
I can’t blame her.
I can’t blame you for crying now, because such a traumatic injury would vex a very saint, much more a shrew of your unpatient humor.
I can’t remember what I was doing.
I can’t draw a cart or eat dried oats.
I can’t drink too much of Brutus’s love.
I can’t find it.
I can’t fly, but I have to fight the course.
I can’t go any further.
I can’t go to, man, and it’s not very well.
I can’t hear any of those who saw her.
I can’t hide what I am.
I can’t hope Caesar and Antony will greet together.
I can’t live out of her company.
I can’t live to hear the news from England.
I can’t love him.
I can’t make you what I want.
I can’t say “whore,” but it’s a shame I’m speaking the word now.
I can’t speak any beginning to this sluggish odds, and I wish I had lost those legs that brought me to a part of it.
I can’t speak enough about this.
I can’t speak of this.
I can’t speak to her, but she urged her to speak.
I can’t speak your England.
I can’t tell if it’s dat.
I can’t tell what you and other men think about this life, but I’d be as miserable as myself to be in awe of something like myself.
I can’t tell, except they’re busied about a fake assurance.
I don’t think so.
I don’t know.
I don’t know.
I don’t know.
I don’t know.
I don’t think so.
I can’t think my sister would fail her obligation.
I don’t think you’re my son.
I can’t wish the fault was wiped out, because it’s so good.
I don’t care about good life.
I don’t care about my spirits, if my legs weren’t tired.
I don’t care if I have.
I don’t care.
I’m directing you to do so, as you are my child.
I ask you, don’t be more grieved than I am.
I’ll take you there, and I’ll never be able to haunt me like that.
I ask you to speak!
I’m telling you, don’t tempt me.
I’ll tell you by law that you’re a worthy pillar of justice.
I ask you, as you hope to have redemption, that you leave and don’t lay any hands on me.
I’ll get you home.
I’ll go with you.
I choose her for myself.
I chose her when I couldn’t ask my father for his advice, and I didn’t think I had one.
I’m just coming in as others do, trying to convince him to be my strength.
I don’t come to steal your hearts, friends.
I’m going to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I’m coming to fetch you to the senate house.
I’m coming to you for charitable licenses, so we can wander through this bloody field to find our dead and then to bury them; to sort our nobles from our common men, because many of our princes—w
I commanded that the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again, and that I’ll prove that I’ll be able to help you, even if your little finger is armed in a thim
I’m recommending my duty to your lord.
I’ll give you the best advice.
I admit it’s my shame to be so fond, but it’s not my virtue to change it.
I confess the cape.
I confess two sleeves.
I swear to you by all the saints in heaven.
I’ll conjure you by the words you profess—however you come to know it—that you’re asking me.
I could be sad.
I could be moved if I were as you.
I could do more to do Antonius good, but it would offend him, and if I perished, I’d be punished.
I could find in my heart to beat him— But the poor monster’s drinking.
I could interpret the relationship between you and your love if I saw the puppets dallying.
I could make as true a joke as that if I had a sow to my mistress.
I could marry this man for this device.
I could munch your good oats.
I couldn’t stand for you better than now.
I couldn’t find him at the Elephant.
I couldn’t say anything about him.
I couldn’t forget you, because I never saw you before in my life.
I couldn’t stay behind you.
I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in and make everything split.
I could say she was worse.
I could tell you more about it too.
I could bet it was.
I wish I could have a good friend to create some other entertainment style.
I’m asking for the law, the penalty, and the forfeit of my bond.
I’m asking your highness’ pardon.
I’m a sinner.
I’m crying for mercy, then, because I thought you had called me all these bitter names.
I’ll cry you mercy, then, I took you for that sane whore of Venice, who married with Othello.—You, mistress, who have the office opposite to Saint Peter and keep the gate of
I’m crying for mercy, uncle.—Thank you for your Grace’s pardon.
I’m crying for mercy.
I beg your worship’s name.
I’m not going to do anything else.
I’m sure no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive.
I’m sure it’s almost two, and it’ll be dinner time before you come here.
I’m going to say that, sir.
I’d be sworn he wouldn’t leave it, and he wouldn’t pluck it off his finger for the wealth that the world has.
I dare damnation.
I’ll draw as soon as another man if I see the opportunity in a good fight and the law on my side.
I’d rather put any money in the way of it.
I dare tell him, no.
I don’t dare admit that, if I could compare him to him in excellence, I’d rather know a man well than know himself.
I don’t dare drink yet, madam.
I don’t dare, dear, dear, dear lord, pardon me, I don’t dare, so I won’t be taken.
I don’t dare, sir.
I dare pawn down my life for him, because he wrote this letter to feel my affection for you and to no other reason.
I’d rather say you love him than wish him alone, so you’re telling other men to think about him.
I swear he’s not a hypocrite, but I’m praying from his heart.
I swear this is the right Vincentio.
I dare, and I’m defying you for a villain.
I’m afraid of lechery.
Sometimes I’m a bit snoring.
I didn’t deny you anything.
I don’t deny it.
I don’t want to be more happy than to be under sail and go tonight.
I want you to be more familiar, good Master Mustardseed.
I enacted Julius Caesar.
I heard him groaning, yes, and the tongue of his that told the Romans to mark him and write his speeches in their books— “Alas,” it cried, “give me some drink, Titi
I heard the galloping of a horse.
I did her wrong— Can’t tell how an oyster makes his shell?
I loved you once.
I never knew so much about a voice issue from such a empty heart.
I didn’t give the lie.
I didn’t kill your husband.
I didn’t see him since.
I didn’t see you since you sent me home to the Centaur with the gold you gave me.
I didn’t think he knew her.
I didn’t think I would draw my sword against Pompey, because he has snorely defended me and defended me.
I didn’t think you could have been so angry.
I didn’t think I had met you here, sir.
I didn’t lock you out, husband.
I didn’t.
I didn’t do anything.
I said that when I first raised the tempest.
I sent you for gold to pay my legions, which you denied me.
I sent you a ring after the last enchantment you had here.
I did that, and I’m sure you’ll see it as a darling like your precious eye.
I did so, and I went further, which is now our point of second meeting.
I think it was formed by the excellent shape of your leg, under the star of a galliard.
I did very well note him.
I did, my lord.
I did, my lord.
I did.
I’m arresting you, sir.
I assure you, father, that it is.
I assure you, it’s against my will.
I’m not a fan of the general and I don’t think it’s any more than my wish to have him see me womaned.
I’m starting to have bloody thoughts.
I think he was.
I believe it, and I ask you to pardon me.
I believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are given to Caesar.
I beg you, if you bear me hard, then you’ll enjoy it.
I beg you, who are suppler, to follow them swiftly and stop them from doing what this ecstasy may provoke them to do.
I beg you to understand my purpose.
I beg you—that I could put it in my prayers—What’s your name?
Please, sir, have patience.
I beg you, sir, to not bother yourself any more.
Please, don’t take it off the ground.
I beg you.
I beg your Grace to pardon me, who, in my service to God, delayed my visitation.
I beg your Grace to pardon me, and I’ll beg you to stop your conference with the noble duke.
Please, your Grace, let me know my fault.
Please, your lord, call her back.
I bite my thumb.
I beg a little boy to be my king.
I’m only keeping the peace.
I’ll wait until you’re married, and then I’ll go to Aragon.
I confess my fault and submit myself to your Highness’s mercy.
I agree— Prick him down, Antony.
I’m a fool and apprehend you for a felon here.
I want it with all my heart, and I hope it doesn’t make me want to be a woman of the world.
I don’t want to do anything else.
I’m hoping we can be better strangers.
I accept your offer and leave for now the poor Claudio.
I’m telling you, not a man, except I’m alone, until Antony has spoken.
I’m asking you to pardon me.
I’m afraid the people choose Caesar for their king.
I hear the lark in the morning.
I don’t know what I’m thinking, and I’m afraid to find my eye too flattering for me.
I know him by his gait.
I know when the blood burns, how prodigal the soul is to be a vow.
I don’t have any part of the spirit that is in Antony.
I love it better than laughing.
I don’t love anything in the world as much as you.
I don’t use it.
I don’t want the thunder-bearer to shoot, and I don’t tell you anything about you to judge Jove.
I don’t want you to call me.
I don’t want him to answer for me, and yet I’m determined to fight lustfully for him.
I don’t think you’re dealing with me justly.
I don’t know dat.
I don’t know one of my sex, and no woman’s face remembers—except my own.
I don’t know what “poetical” means.
I don’t know you’re as good a man as myself.
I don’t know what I should think, my lord.
I don’t know.
I don’t like her name.
I don’t like the job.
I don’t like the Tower, any place.— Did Julius Caesar build that place, my lord?
I don’t like your look, I promise you.
I don’t like your faults.
I don’t fool myself, because I’m afraid I’m letting my imagination fool me, for every reason, that my lady loves me.
I don’t see them bleeding.
I don’t set my life in a pin’s fee, and for my soul—what can it do to that, being as immortal as itself?
I don’t think so.
I don’t think it’s good.
I don’t think so.
I don’t think there’s any woman like that.
I don’t think you can, because you were not three years old.
I don’t understand.
I don’t know, my lord.
I don’t understand that.
I don’t, sir.
I don’t, until you’ve done them on me.
I’m not saying anything anymore.
I’ll obey you until I’m free.
I remember in this shepherd boy some lively touches of my daughter’s favor.
I remember that Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond should be king when Richmond was a little peevey boy.
I remember now.
I remember where I should be, and I am here.
I remember.
I’m sorry I put it to you.
I’m sorry I spent the tedious minutes with her.
I’ll ask you to use them, as we’ll find that their merits and our safety may be equally determined.
I’m helping you out.
I do, I confess.
I suffer love, because I love you against my will.
I suspect I’ve done some offense that seems disgraceful in the city’s eyes, and that you’re coming to reprehend my ignorance.
I’m wrong, and I’ll start to fight.
I think there’s a stalemate in death, which is a loving act on her, and she’s so stale in dying.
I wander everywhere, more swift than the moon’s sphere.
I do, this is a good thing for me.
I do, and it’s certainly a sleepy language, and you’re speaking out of your sleep.
I do, Mark Antony.
I swear to you that you’re honest.
I do.
I do.
I doubt it’s nothing but the main reason: his father’s death and our obnoxious marriage.
I don’t doubt it, sir, but you’ll curse your wooing.—Nighbor, this is a gift very grateful, I’m sure of it.
I don’t doubt his friends will come to us.
I don’t doubt his temper.
I don’t doubt your wisdom.
I don’t doubt that, since we’re well-persuaded, we don’t carry a heart with us from here, and we don’t have a heart with us, and we don’t leave any
I doubt some danger is approaching you.
I doubt some foul play.
I dreamed of a dream tonight.
I dreamed last night of the three weird sisters: they’ve shown some truth to you.
I dreamed there was an emperor Antony.
I dreamed tonight that I feasted with Caesar, and things unlucky are causing my fantasy.
I drew my sword to part them.
I drink to you.
I’m drunk!
I would have denied that before you were so choleric.
I don’t want to!
I’d like to wager that she’s honest, and put my soul on the stake.
I eat the air, I’m promised.
I embrace it.
I’m afraid it’s choleric.
I’m afraid he’ll be the weeping philosopher when he grows old, despite his unmannered sadness in his youth.
I’m afraid he will.
I’m afraid I’m wronging the honorable men who have stabbed Caesar.
I’m afraid it’s too choleric.
I’m afraid, I promise you.
I’m afraid both of you are false.
I’m afraid you’ll be in until then.
I’m afraid my Thisbe’s promise is forgotten!—And you, Wall, sweet, lovely Wall, that stand between her father’s ground and mine.
I don’t fear uncles being killed.
I don’t fear you.
I’m afraid you’ll come back again for a ransom.
I’m afraid you’ve sold your own land to see other men’s.
I’m afraid you’re going to do that.
I feared he only scolded you and wanted to wreck you.
I feel this pinprick.
I’m fighting against you?
I find that Don Pedro has given a young Florentine named Claudio much honor.
I find it still, when I’m awake.
I’m not sleepy.
I find you gentle.
I’m flying, Biondello.
I follow him to serve my turn on him.
I forget, but these sweet thoughts refresh my work, most busy when I do it.
I’ll forgive you for the praise.
I found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress.
I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren.
I found him under a tree like a dropped acorn.
I found it in my room, and he himself confessed that there he dropped it for a special purpose that he wanted.
I found it in my closet.
I didn’t find Cassio’s kisses on her lips.
I found them on a tree.
I found you as a morsel cold on Dead Caesar’s trencher.
I frown the time, and I’ll watch or play with my rich jewel.
I frown on him, but he loves me still.
I didn’t give him any order.
I gave him the stuff.
I gave my love a ring and made him swear never to wear it.
I gave you mine before you asked for it, and yet I wish I could give it back again.
I gave you everything— and you gave it right away.
I give myself away for you and dote on the exchange.
I curse him, but he gives me love.
I give it to you.
I give them this ring, which when you break from, lose, or give away, will be a sign of your love.
I’ll stand to see him pass on to the Capitol.
I’m going, I’m going.
I’m going, my lord.
I’m going, my lord.
I’m going, sir, but I wouldn’t want you to think that my desire to have is the sin of covet.
I’ll go, and at three or four o'clock look for the news that the Guildhall offers.
I’m going.
I’m going.
I’m going.
I’m going.
I give him bloody, adversity, false, deceitful, smacking of every sin that has a name.
I’m sure I’m a woman, but I’m a woman Lord Brutus took to wife.
I’m sure I’m a woman, but I’m a woman well-known, Cato’s daughter.
I’m sure it hasn’t appeared, and your suspicion isn’t without wit and judgment.
I swear, friends, if you frighten the ladies out of their wits, they’d have no choice but to hang us.
I grant you.
I’ll greet you immediately with my thanks, and I’ll put you to it.
I guess at it.
I had a pass with him, rapier, scabbard, and all, and he gives me the slapstick with such a mortal motion that it’s inevitable.
I had a Richard too, and you killed him; I had a Rutland too; you holp to kill him.
I had a son, now outlawed from my blood.
I had a wound here that was like a “T,” but now it’s become a “H.” They’re retiring.
I’d be as a Brownist as a politician.
I had to be wooed by a snail.
I had a reed that won’t do me anything like a partisan I couldn’t heave.
I had as much as a mistress a jade.
I had as much pain breaking his neck as his finger.
I wish the general camp had tasted her sweet body, and I didn’t know anything about it.
I had been as full as the marble, founded as the rock, as broad and general as the air.
I had forgotten the reward.
I had forgotten—three months.
I had it from him.
I had it from Leah when I was a bachelor.
I had the most need for blessing, and “Amen” suck in my throat.
I had my father’s signet in my purse, which was the model of that Danish seal.
I had my brother’s purpose in this article and have sworn in to dissuade him from it by hand, but he’s resolute.
I’d rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace, and it’s better for me to be disdained of all than to make a carriage to steal love from anyone.
I’d rather be a country servant-maid than a great queen with this condition, to be so baited, scorned, and stormed.
I’d rather be a dog and a bay the moon than a Roman.
I’d rather be a peddler.
I’d rather be a toad and live on the vapor of a dungeon than keep a corner in the thing I love for others.
I’d rather be any kind of thing than a fool.
I’d rather be married to a death’s head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these.
I’d rather break my own rules.
I’d rather have a fool to make me sad than experience to travel for it too.
I’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas.
I’d rather have my horse to my mistress.
I’d rather cut this tongue from my mouth than give off Michael Cassio.
I’d rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swearing he loves me.
I’d rather be than forty pounds at home.
I’d rather adopt a child than get it.—Come here, Moor.
I thought it was poor, but since my lord is Antony again, I’ll be Cleopatra.
I hate a drunken rogue.
I hate ingratitude more than lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, or any other taint of evil whose corruption inflicts our frail blood— Oh heavens!
I hate it as much as a void.
I hate the Moor, and it’s thought abroad that he’s done my job.
I hate the word, as I hate hell, all Montagues, and you.
I have it in my nose too.
I have.
I’ve got a beard coming.
I have a daughter—have while she’s mine—who, in her duty and obedience, has given me this.
I have a daughter called Katherina, sir.
I have a daughter.
I have a way to make everything work.
I have a file of all the gentry.
I’m very happy, uncle.
I have a head that will find logs, and I’ll never bother Peter for the matter.
I have a health for you.
I’ll have a long journey to go, sir.
I have a letter written down in a way that’s a neutral heart, and not a opposed one.
I’m going to strike you when you speak.
I’m having a pain on my forehead.
I have a good ear for music.
I have a salty and sorry rheum that offends me.
I have a ship Laden with gold.
I have a soul of lead that can’t move.
I’ll give you a suit.
I have something for you.
I have a fairy who will hunt for the squirrel’s hoard and fetch you new nuts.
I have a widow aunt, a king of great income, and she has no child.
I have a wife I’m angry I love.
I’ve almost forgotten the taste of fears.
I’ve almost slipped the hour.
I have already.
I’ve come to sleep with a glimpse of sleep.
I have an humor to knock you indifferently well.
I’m interested in your actions.
I have as much of my father in me as you, though I admit you’re closer to his reverence.
I have as much of this in art as you do, but I can’t bear it.
I’ve been dear to him for a while, lad, about two thousand strong.
I’ve been talking with a suitor here, a man who’s slammed by your dissatisfaction.
I’ve been looking for you.
I’ve heard so many of these things.
I’ve been awake all night for a while.
I’ve been with your father and told him that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan’s duchess will be here with him tonight.
I’ve been worth the whistle.
I’ve been your tenant and your father’s tenant for four years.
I’ve broken up with her father and obtained his goodwill.
I’ve brought him a present.
I’ve brought you from Venice.
I’ve only seen the articles with a cursory eye.
I told you not to go to my doors.
I’ve fooled you even a little.
I’ve done a bad thing, and I’m so angry that I won’t rejoice anymore.
I’ve done my duty.
I’ve done my work poorly, friends.
I’ve done nothing wrong.
I’ve done nothing more to Caesar than you’ll do to Brutus.
I’ve done the deed.
I’ve done it.
I’ve done it.
I’ve drunk only one cup tonight, and that was a good one too.
I’ve drunk poison while he said it.
I’ve always been able to keep my cap off to your fortunes.
I have a good meaning, sir.
I’ve fled myself and instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders.
I’ve forgotten why I called you back.
I’ve forgotten your name, but I’m sure that part was properly fitted and naturally performed.
I’ve sworn he’s sleeping and sleeping.
I have full reason to cry, but this heart will break into a hundred thousand flaws, or if I cry, I’ll cry.—O Fool, I’ll go crazy!
I’m very happy with this fellow.
I’ve had four fights, and I’d like to have fought one.
I’ve heard her swear.
I’ve heard him read many lectures against it, and I thank God I’m not a woman, to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he sexed them withal.
I’ve heard it over, and it’s nothing, nothing in the world—unless you can find sport in their intentions, stretched and conned with pain to do you service.
I’ve heard it said so.
I’ve heard more since.
I’ve heard my father name him.
I’ve heard of some kind of men who put quarrels on others to taste their valor.
I’ve heard of your paintings too, well enough.
I’ve heard that Julius Caesar ate there fat.
I’ve heard too much, and your words and performances aren’t akin to each other.
I’ve heard where many of the best respects in Rome, except immortal Caesar, talking about Brutus and groaning under this age’s yoke, wish that noble Brutus had his eyes
I’ve heard that you’ve made great efforts to qualify for his rigorous course.
I have immortal longings in me.
I have it about me here.
I don’t have it about me.
I have it ready for you.
I have it, and it’s sound too.
I have it, Tranio!
I’ve known when he would have walked ten miles to see a good armor, and now he’ll lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet.
I’ve known when he had no music with him except the drum and the fife, and now he’d rather hear the pipe and the tabor.
I’ve laid those sheets you swore on the bed.
I’ve led you often, and I’ll be with you now, my friends, and I’ll thank you for all of you.
I’ve slapped her, but it’s Jove’s doing it, and I’m thankful!
I’ve lived long enough.
I’ve locked the letter in my closet.
I’ve been in the world for four times seven years, and since I could distinguish between a benefit and a injury, I never found a man who knew how to love himself.
I’ve made it for you.
I haven’t made any fault.
I’ve made a strong proof of my perseverance, giving myself a voluntary wound in the thigh.
I have many enemies in Orsino’s court, and I’d be very soon there.
I’ve seen a thousand blushing apparitions to start into her face, a thousand innocent shames in angel whiteness beat away those blushes, and in her eyes there has appeared a fire to burn the errors
I’m more concerned about staying than I want to go.
I have more reason to do that.
I have to do much to go hang my head all over one side and sing it like poor Barbary.
I’ve decided on a course that doesn’t need you.
I have neither the scholar’s melancholy, which is emulation, nor the musician’s, which is fantastical, nor the courtier’s, which is proud, nor the soldier’s, which is
I don’t want to see a better man.
I have no excellent reason for it, but I have good reason.
I don’t have food for you.
I have no great devotion to the deed, but he has given me good reasons to do that.
I don’t think he’s ruined.
I have no long spoon.
I have no more royal sons for you to slaughter.
I have no power over you.
I have no way, and therefore I don’t want to see.
I don’t want to wander out of the door, but something leads me out.
I don’t have any words.
I don’t have any.
I’ve never drowned in the water, so I’m not afraid to be afeaded of your four legs now.
I don’t have the art to think about my groans, but I love you best, oh, best, and I’m not.
I’ve not breathed since I saw it.
I haven’t had dinner today.
I haven’t heard the clock.
I haven’t seen him for two days.
I haven’t seen such a firago.
I’ve read it well.
I have nothing to do with you.
I don’t have any answer with this, Hamlet.
I’ve o'ershot myself to tell you about it.
I’ve offended reputation, a very unnoble swerving.
I’ve seen a very faint neglect of my life recently, which I’d rather blame as my jealous curiosity than as a very foolish and unkindness.
I’ve done your pleasure and my promise.
I’ve possessed your grace of what I intended, and by our holy Sabbath I’ve sworn to have the due and forfeit my bond.
I’ve told you to be your friend, and I confess I’m a man who’s a man who’s a man of a saneness.
I’ve promised to make everything even more sense.
I’ve received a hurt.
I’ve said what I’ve said.
I’ve said what I’ve said.
I’ve said what I’ve said.
I’ve seen her die twenty times in a far worse moment.
I haven’t seen anything.
I’ve seen you fight when I’ve envied your behavior.
I’ve seen you both.
I’ve seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or twice.
I’ve sent him back.
I’ve sent for these strawberries.
I sent to ask Cassio to come speak with you.
I’ve sent twenty people out to search for you.
I’ve already slept, my lord.
I’ve been so often blushed to acknowledge him that now I’m brazed about it.
I have some business.
I’ve said so much to mitigate your plea, which, if you follow it, this strict court of Venice must give a sentence to the merchant there.
God knows, I’ve been waiting for you in pain and agony.
I have them ready.
I’ve been informed of them from my sister this evening—and I’m sure they’ll stay at my house if they come.
I told him that Lepidus was grown too cruel, that he abused his high authority and did deserve his change.
I’ve told you often, and I’ll tell you again and again, I hate the Moor.
I’ve too grieved a heart to take a tedious leave.
I’ve been watching you for two nights, but I can’t see any truth in your report.
I’ve wiped three tailors out.
I’ve used it, uncle, since you made your daughters your mothers.
I’ve used you, as you are, with human care, and I’ve put you in my own cell until you’ve tried to violate the honor of my child.
I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking.
I’ve been watching a lot all night for a lesser reason, and I’ve never been sick.
I’ve a good opinion on it, sir.
I have a thousand raw tricks of these bragging jacks that I’ll use.
I have forty-eight years on my back.
I have room for six scotches more.
I have, my lord.
I’ve been talking to a magician since I was three years old, who is very powerful in his art, and yet is not damnable.
I have, when you heard what I can say.
I have.
I hear a knocking at the south entrance.
I hear a tongue, a shriller than all the music, cry “Caesar!”—Speak.
I hear him mock Caesar’s luck, which the gods give men to excuse their wrath.—Husband, I’m coming!
I hear him.
I hear his trumpet.
I hear it by the way, but I’ll send it.
I hear it above me.
I hear my father coming.
I don’t hear anything, madam.
I hear some noise inside.
I hear some noise.
I hear the minstrels play.
I hear the news, my lord.
I hear the strutting chanticleer cry “Cock-a-diddle-dow.” Where should this music be?
I hear their drum.
I hear that you must marry this county on Thursday, and nothing can ruin it.
I heard him say that Brutus and Cassius are riddled like madmen through the gates of Rome.
I heard him swear he’s affectionate.
I didn’t hear it.
I heard myself proclaiming, and by the happy hollow of a tree, I escaped the hunt.
I didn’t hear anything.
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.
I heard you say you didn’t like Cassio’s wife.
I held the sword and he ran on it.
I give you that with all my heart, which, but you have already, I want to keep from you with all my heart.
I swear to this honorable assembly that she kicked the poor king her father.
I hid myself under the dead mooncalf’s sand for fear of the storm.
I’m not a brother, but a subject of this war.
I’m a big fan of your dainties, sir, and you’re dear to me.
I hope it’s better.
I hope he’s in love.
I hope he’s grown much since I saw him last time.
I hope he is, but mothers should be afraid.
I hope my noble lord is esteeming me as honest.
I hope you’re not drowned.
I hope she’ll be brief.
I hope so, Lepidus.
I hope so.
I hope the king made peace with us all.
I hope they won’t come to us now.
I hope my passion for humor will change.
I hope this is the reason I’m going to excuse.
I hope you’re not insane.
I hope we’ve reformed that indifferently, sir.
I hope you don’t want to cheat me like that.
I hope you’ll consider what I’ve said about my love.
I hope your Majesty is bringing me testimony and testimony, and I’ll tell you that this is Alençon’s glove, given to me by your Majesty now.
I hope for my brother’s reason he wrote this as a taste of my virtue.
I hope you can’t find him in any place as unsanctified as you can find him.
I hoped he didn’t have to bother with any such thoughts yet.
I’m learning an hourly how to obey and would like to see him in his face.
Please, proceed to the state affairs.
I beg you to forgive me for loving you too much.
I’m humbly leaving.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
I kiss his dirty shoe, and I love the lovely bully.
I knew a wench married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit, and so may you, sir.
I knew it would be your answer.
I knew what you wanted.
I knew you were moving at the first time.
I knew your father.
I know it—my sister’s.
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip.
I know a wench of excellent discourse, pretty and witty, wild and yet, too, gentle.
I know that there’s some good news.
I know he loves me well.
I know he wouldn’t be a wolf, but I see that the Romans are sheep.
I know her answer.
I know her by her gait.
I know her father, even though I don’t know her, and he knew my deceiving father well.
I don’t know him.
I know him as brave.
I know him well.
I know him, he’s wearing a lock.
I know his eyes are homages elsewhere, or else what does it mean he would be here?
I know his gait, it’s him.—Villain, you die!
I know his heart.
I know his soul is in heaven, fool.
I know his trumpet.
I know I can do it.
I know I can’t please you.
I know what she’s going to do, and it’s not impossible for me to see her tomorrow, as human as she is, and without any danger.
I know it by their pale and deadly looks.
I know it’s the moon.
I know that the sun is shining so bright.
I know it doesn’t please any of us.
I know it well, sir.
I know my hour is here.
I know my lady will strike him.
I know my physic will work with him.
I know my remedy.
I don’t know what to say.
I don’t know anything, my lord.
I don’t know anything about it, my lord.
I don’t know how to make it into love, but I’m telling you directly, “I love you.” Then if you tell me more than to say, “Do you, in faith?” I wear out my suit
I don’t know who arrested him well, but he’s in a suit of sanity that reprimanded him.
I don’t know what power I’ve been given, and how it may affect my modesty in such a presence here to plead my thoughts.
I don’t know how to pray for your patience, but I have to speak.
I don’t know if it’s true, but I’ll do as if I’m a fool.
I don’t know that, when he knows what I know.
I don’t know what was just distraction.
I don’t know what to say.
I don’t know what you mean by that, but I’m sure Caesar fell down.
I don’t know where he’s staying, and if I wanted to find a place to stay and say he’s here or there, I’d lie in my own throat.
I don’t know which one is.
I don’t know why he’s coming.
I don’t know what you want, gentlemen, who else must be let blood, who else is rank.
I don’t know, lady.
I don’t know, madam.
I don’t know how lesser enmities can give way to greater.
I don’t know, sir.
I don’t know.
I don’t know.
I know the country well.
I know she’s a scolding.
I know that you deserve that virtue, Brutus, as well as I know your outward favor.
I know that voice.
I know that we’ll have him to be a friend.
I know that, but I want you to go back and forth.
I know the boy will give a gentlewoman the grace, voice, gait, and action.
I know the glove is a glove.
I know the king and queen sent for you.
I know the handwriting.
I know the man.
I don’t know you.
I know you.
I know you—a sane villain, as a villain as he is a sane, as he is a villain, as he is a villain, as a villain as bad as
I know you.
I know you.
I know you, Roderigo.
I know they’re in Rome looking for Antony.
I know this is a joyful thing to do for you, but it’s not a problem.
I know this, and I’m challenging it.
I know you can’t choose.
I know you’ll say “Yes,” and I’ll take your word.
I know your constellation is right for this matter.
I know your quality.
I know what reason I think so.
I know when one is dead and when one is alive.
I know where I’ll wear this dagger then.
I know you’re my eldest brother, and you’d be able to know me in the gentle condition of blood.
I know you’re not a fool.
I know you’re not ignorant— I wish you did, sir.
I know you’re a man who’s a king.
I know you by the wiggle of your head.
I know you couldn’t be so confident about this, I’m sure, that I, your partner in the cause he fought, couldn’t attend the wars that fronted me.
I don’t know you.
I know you’re old.
I know what you are, and like a sister I’m afraid to call your faults as they’re named.
I know you.
I know young men are looking for a time to rest.
I know your favor well, even if you have no seacap on your head.—Take him away.
I know, sir, I’m not flattering.
I know,” he said, “no house, no wife, no mistress.” So that my errand, due to my tongue, I thank him, I bare home on my shoulders, because, in conclusion,
I lay with Cassio lately, and I couldn’t sleep because of a raging tooth.
I learned it in England, where they are really very capable of potting.
I leave an arrant knave with your Worship, which I ask your Worship to correct yourself, for example.
I’ll give him your gracious acceptance, whose trial will better publish his praise.” You hear the learned Bellario, what he writes.
I’m not thinking about my duties, but I’m not talking about my injuries.
I led them on in this distracted fear and left sweet Pyramus translated there.
I didn’t leave any ring with her.
I don’t like him, and I’m not safe with him to let his madness go.
I like him very much.
I don’t like it.
I don’t like that.
I like the new tire inside, if the hair were a browner, and your gown’s a rare fashion, I’m sure.
I like the work.
I like you guys.
I didn’t think you would have followed me.
I’ve been waiting for you to be safe and sound aboard.
I’m waiting to hear him call the drunkard “husband” and how my men will keep themselves from laughing when they honor this simple peasant.
I’m waiting to hear the story of your life, which must take the ear strangely.
I’m eager to know the truth about this.
I’ve been waiting for the prince to see him.
I look down towards his feet, but that’s a fable.
I looked at her in the face and saw her lead between her brother and Mark Antony.
I didn’t look for you yet, and I’m not sure you’re welcome.
I love her ten times more than I did before.
I don’t love you, so don’t pursue me.
I don’t love you.
I love you so much that you don’t like it.
I love to help him with these sane fits, because then he’s full of matter.
I love you the better; the listeners can cry “Amen.” God match me with a good dancer!
I love you so much that none of you is left to protest.
I love your majesty, according to my contract, neither more nor less.
I loved him, friend— No father his son is dearer.
I loved Ophelia.
I always loved you.
I didn’t love you.
I didn’t make any such report.
I’m all about to use it, because I only use it.
I don’t make it, but I’m going to see it.
I’m marrying her!
I’m amazed Cambio doesn’t come all this time.
I’m amazed our mild husband didn’t meet us on the way.
I marvel at how close you and your daughters are.
I’m amazed why I didn’t answer again.
I’m amazed your ladyship is enjoying such a barren rascal.
I can command where I love, but silence, like a knife, is going to gore with my bloodless heart.
I can command where I love.” Why, she can command me.
I may do something I’ll be sorry for.
I can’t say what he is.
I can’t leave it.
I can’t, madam.
I can say “thrusting” it, because piercing steel and darts envenomed will be as welcome to Brutus’s ears as the sightings.
I can sit in a corner and cry, “Heigh-ho for a husband!” Lady Beatrice, I’ll get you one.
I mean singing.
I don’t mean he’s sane, but I’m sure he’s sane.
I mean that my heart is knit so that we can only make one heart from it.
I mean, if we’re in a choler, we’ll draw.
I mean, in a way.
I mean, my head is on your lap?
I mean, she’s the list of my journey.
I mean, sir, for his weapon.
I mean, the Lord Protector.
I mean, what you read, my lord.
I mean to go, sir, to enter.
I meant a holy thistle.
I’m not a tradesman or a woman, but I’m a surgeon to old shoes, sir.
I met her deity, cutting the clouds towards Paphos, and her son Dove-drawn with her.
I met the duke yesterday and had a lot of questions with him.
I met the young lord at Lawrence’s cell and gave him what I could be like, not stepping beyond the limits of modesty.
I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I’ve been as good as my word.
I might ask you for your commission, but I take you, Orlando, for my husband.
I could call him a divine man, because nothing natural I ever saw so noble.
I could do it as well in the dark.
I could have saved her.
I’m unsure why she’s in liberty.
I must and will have Katherine to marry my wife.
I have to find another way to get a ladder, by which your love must climb a bird’s nest soon when it’s dark.
I must attend my office or would have done it myself.
I’ll be there on Caesar.
I have to attend the duke at dinner.
I’ll go away this night to Padua, and I’ll meet it.
I have to be surrounded by circumstances.
I must be cruel only to be kind.
I have to go.
I have to go.
I must be idle.
I’d rather be laughed at if I were offended or for nothing or a little bit, and I’d be laughed at more than that, when I said you were insulted, when you didn’t sound like
I must be one of these dumb wise men, because Gratiano never lets me speak.
I must believe my master, but I promise you, I’ll be arguing on that.
I must catechise you for it, madonna.
I must admit your offer is the best, and let your father make her the assurance that she is your own.
I have to stop your company.
I have to eat my dinner.
I must embrace you.
I have to work with you in some way to fight our marriage and talk about something that matters to you.
I have to get his sane ashore.
I have to go in.
I have to go find some dewdrops here and hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear.
I have to go with you to Belmont.
I have to have the freedom to blow on anyone I want, as fools have.
I have to go wait.
I have to leave them and seek some better service.
I have to leave you.
I must love you and sue you to know you better.
I have to follow him with my letter, madam.
I have to tell you the truth.
I have to tell you everything.
I can’t say no.
I have to obey.
Once in a month I have to tell you what you’ve been, which you forget.
I must have shown you such a declining day or look at you.
I have to be adamant.
I have to remove some thousand of these logs and pile them up, if I have a sore injunction.
I have to stay with the kings and carry the luggage of our camp.
I have to take out the work?
I have to talk a word with you.
I’ll tell you then.
I’ll go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think I’m beautiful about the face.
I have to hurry up.
I must, she’ll walk in the street and get out of here.
I could make a chough of that as deep chat.
I myself heard the king say he wouldn’t be ransomed.
I myself.
I hadn’t seen this before.
I don’t need to be ashamed of your Majesty, because I’m praised as God, as long as your Majesty is an honest man.
I don’t know it, and I can’t learn about him.
I can’t see him until I’m heartburned an hour later.
I never denied it.
I never did anything to her, I know.
I never liked the idea of molestation in the flood.
I never felt it until now—Two thousand ducats in that, and other precious, precious jewels.
I never gave him any.
I never gave him reason to do that.
I never gave him tokens.
I never got him.—Speak, the duke’s trumpets.
I never hated you.
I never heard a passion so confused, so strange, outrageous, and so variable, as the dog Jew uttered in the streets.
I never heard such a musical discord, such sweet thunder.
I never hurt you.
I never knew that woman love man so much.
I never looked for better at his hands after he fell in with Mistress Shore.
I can’t believe any of these antique fables or fairy toys.
I never saw a better-fashioned gown, more beautiful, and more commended.
I never saw a woman, but I only saw Sycorax my dam and she.
I never saw such a shameful act.
I never saw her until this time.
I never saw my father in my life.
I never saw the necklace, so help me heaven, and this is false you’re burdening me with.
I never saw you in my life until now.
I won’t endure her.
I never spoke with her in my life.
I never sued a friend or an enemy, but I could never learn a sweet, sweet word.
I never thought he was worse.
I never was, and I won’t be false.
I don’t doubt he came alive to land.
I didn’t notice her, but I looked at her.
I now think it was not your brother’s bad behavior that made him seek his death, but a provoking merit that was wrought by a reproachable badness in himself.
I’m sorry I told the king, as if I were too triumphant, how my enemies were killed at Pomfret today, and I myself was secure in grace and favor.
I nursed her daughter, whom you talked to.
I’ve often given him the money I’ve lost for many of them.
I often came to the place I heard of her, but I can’t find her.
I gave my body once for his wealth, which was quite miscarried for him who had your husband’s ring.
I’ll leave again.
I once wrote a sonnet in his praise and began like this: “Wonder of nature—” I’ve heard a sonnet start so quickly to his mistress.
I’m one, my lord.
I’m only talking right on.
I’ve overheard him and his practices.
I owe you much, and, like a willful young man, I’m losing everything I owe.
I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace.
I’m waiting for life.
I pardon that man’s life.
I feel a bit more like you.
I guess I’ve loved it now.
I know the man partly.
I passed the melancholy flood, with the sour ferryman, poets write about, to the kingdom of perpetual night.
I’ll wait for a reply.
I see these lords at this encounter so much that they devour their reason and scarce think their eyes are a source of truth.—But you’ve been justled from your senses, know for sure that I’m
I ask you to eat, look, this leek.
I pitied you, made it hard to make you speak, and taught you one thing or two at a time.
I’m sorry you’re complaining.
I’m sorry you were.
I beg God he isn’t, I say.
Please, keep below.
I pray the gods she can, with all my heart!
Please tell me how you love her.
Please, bring my previous answer back.
Please, stop your advice, which falls into my ears as profitless as water in a sieve.
Please don’t chide me.
Please, don’t mock me, fellow student.
Please, get us some excellent music, because tomorrow night we’ll have it at Lady Hero’s bedroom window.
Please, give it to me.
Please, Horatio, wait on him.
Please, Mercutio, let’s go away.
Please, listen to me.
Please, keep your peace.
If it’s true, you’ll have to buy the cottage, the pasture, and the flock, and you’ll have to pay for it from us.
Please, let’s go find him and quicken his heaviness with some or all of his delight.
Please, mark me.
Please, moralize them.
Please, overname them.
Please, calm down.
Please, Rosalind, my sweet coz, be a good man.
Please sing, and let me woo no more.
Please tell me that he’s well.
Please, if you’ve concealed this sight before, keep it quiet.
Please, all, stand up.
Please, and please, that you will.
Please bring me on the way a little and tell me if I’ll see you soon at night.
Please call them in.
Please do.
Please leave me.
Please don’t forget to read my verses ill- suited.
Please don’t leave any more trees with writing love songs in their barks.
Please, get them now.
Please go out and tell us who’s coming.
Please, please, be a good father to me now.
Please tell Benedick about it and hear what he’ll say.
Please tell me your remedy.
Please tell me.
Please tell your brother how well I’ve faked.
Please watch Signior Leonato’s door, because the wedding is going tomorrow, there’s a great ring tonight.
Please, choose another subject.
Please, please, give my praises to Mistress Squash, your mother, and Master Peascod, your father.
Please, dissuade him from her.
Please, don’t fail me.
Please, father, because you’re weak, you seem to be so.
Please, give me permission to go away.
Please, give me permission.
Please, go with me.
Please let me know, Bassanio.
Please, have a continent forbearance until his rage is slower.
Please, listen to her.
Please, husband, don’t be so upset.
Please, is my master yet returned?
Please, sir, as you sit at dinner.
Please, keep it in.
Please, know me when we meet again.
Please leave me.
Please, let it stand.
Please, let me look at the contract.
Please let me see it.
Please, don’t let my jealousy be your dishonors, but my own safeties.
Please, look at her.
Please tell me, master?
Please, one of you asks another, if he gives us any food.
Please pardon me.
Please, pass with your best violence.
Please, remember the porter.
Please, come on.
Please, see him discharged now, because he’s bound to sea and stays only for it.
Please, sir, get out of here.
Please, sir, hold your hand.
Please, sir, my ring or the other one.
Please, sir, take patience.
Please, sir, what is he?
Please, sirs, lie in my tent and sleep.
Please don’t speak to me.
Please tell me.
Please tell my lord and father, madam, I won’t marry yet.
So please, in love and friendship, let that one article rank with the rest, and then give me your daughter.
Please turn the key and keep our counsel.
Please, uncle, give me this dagger.
Please, what is he?
Please, what does he think of our estate?
Please, will you take him by the arm?
Please.
Please, sir, can you read?
Please tell me, sir, is it possible that love suddenly takes such a hold?
Please don’t cry.
Please let me have it.
Please let me hear it.
Please tell me the time, but don’t let it take three days.
I urge you to lead the way without any more talking.—Trinculo, the king and all our other friends being drowned, we’ll inherit here.—Here, bear my bottle.—Trincul
Now please, ungird your strangeness and tell me what I’ll send to my lady.
Please tell me what you think, as you ruminate, and give your worst thoughts the worst of words.
I’d rather take the cork out of your mouth so I can drink your tidal.
I’ll pay you for it—and I’ll give you my help—to get me what I am, because I’ll disguise myself as a disguise.
Please, go away.
Please, boy, run to the senate house.
Please, call him back.
Please, do so.
Please, foolish Greek, come out of me.
Please tell me, good Grumio, how is the world going?
Please, listen to me.
Please, let your wife take her to her, and bring them to her.
Please, calm down.
Please, pretty York, who told you this?
Please, pretty young man, let me be more familiar with you.
Please, put them off.
Please, tell me some of them.
Please, remember I’ve done you worthy service, didn’t tell you anything, didn’t make you mistakes, served without or grudge or grumblings.
Please, shepherd, if love or gold can buy entertainment in this desert place, bring us where we can rest and feed.
Please, Strato, stay by your lord.
Please tell me who it is quickly, and speak quickly.
Please, turn aside and weep for her.
Please, go somewhere else to avoid your slander.
Please, who’s he trotting with?
Please, who?
I promise you I don’t know myself.
I promise you’ve made my eyes water now.
I promise you, my soul is very sluggish in the memory of such a fair dream.
I swear I love you.
I’m angry that these wise men who crow at these set kind of fools are no better than the fools’ zanies.
I’m telling her that I’m good, and I’m sure she’ll tell her as much.
I’m protesting, in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.
I put it in my pocket.
I’d rather choose to wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you than I will wrong such honorable men.
I’d rather be subjected to the malice of a bloody brother and a bloody brother.
I told a Frenchman yesterday that in the narrow seas between the French and English, there was a ship carrying a rich ship from our country.
I remember a lot of things, but nothing distinct.
I remember him well, and I remember him worthy of your praise.
I remember the first time Caesar put it on.
I remember the story.
I remember your eyes well enough.
I remember when I was in love, I broke my sword on a stone and told him to take that for coming to Jane Smile night.
I remember you supplanted your brother Prospero.
I remember.
I remember.
I’m sorry I harried him so much.
I’m very close to you.
I Richard’s body has been reborn, and on it has given more tears than it has given forcibly poured blood.
I robbed his wound.
I said that, dear Katherine, and I can’t blush to say it.
I said you had a good wit.
I saw it in the orchard.
I didn’t see it, I didn’t think it was, it didn’t hurt me.
I saw Bassanio and Antonio parting.
I saw her laid in her kindred’s vault and took the post to tell you.
I didn’t see him.
I saw him once.
I saw him put down the other day with a fool
I saw him yesterday”—or “it’s the other day,” or then, or then, with such or such—and, as you say, there was a man playing, there was a man playing, there was 
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown (it wasn’t a crown, it wasn’t one of these coronets) and, as I told you, he put it by once—but for all that
I didn’t see any man use you to do his job.
I saw Othello’s face in his mind, and I swore my soul and my fortunes to his honors and his valiant parts.
I saw the Duchess of Milan’s gown that they praise so much.
I saw the handkerchief.
I saw you at Count Orsino’s late.
I didn’t see them.
I say “amen.”
I say “your husband”—can you understand the word?
I’m a devil.
I say a husband.
Again, I say, give out that Anne, my queen, is sick and likes to die.
I say amen to her.
I say amen, Gonzalo.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.
I say he’ll go to prison.
I say I love you more than he can do.
I say I’ll make him eat some part of my leek or I’ll peat his pate for four days.—Bite, please.
I say the moon is shining so bright.
I say it’s the moon.
I say my daughter is my flesh and blood.
I’m telling you my prayers.
I say she never wrote this letter.
I say she will.—And first start with her.
I say you’ve been lied to my innocent child.
I say your husband.
I say this house is dark.
I say to you, I asked your master to cut out the gown, but I didn’t ask him to cut it to pieces.
I say you aren’t.
I say, but please remember his gesture.
I say he got this island by sorcery.
I say, it’s not lost.
Oh, Caesar, Antony is dead.
I say, remember.
I say, there’s no darkness except ignorance, in which you’re more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog.
I say this house is as dark as ignorance, even though ignorance was as dark as hell.
I say we won’t have any more marriages.
I don’t scorn you.
I see a voice.
I see a woman can be made a fool if she didn’t have a spirit to resist.
I see him rouse himself to praise my noble act.
I see that you’re poor.
I see the business.
I see that the jewel that is best etched will lose his beauty.
I see the ruin of my house.
I see these witches are afraid of swords.
I see this has a little slurped your spirits.
I see you don’t know me.
I see your age and your dangers make you dot.
I see two husbands, or my eyes fool me.
I see you all are bent to fight against me for your merriment.
I see you don’t want to join her, or else you don’t like my company.
I see, lady, the gentleman isn’t in your books.
I see, sir, you’re eaten up with passion.
I see, sir, you’re liberal in offering.
I see, sir, you’ve found the goldsmith now.
I sent for you on a sad occasion.
I sent Dromio to you to be your bail, but I don’t think he brought it.
I’m as good a man as you are.
I’m the king, whose job I was sent to you.
I’ll serve you, madam.
I set him there, sir, but his own troubles merited much less advancement.
I shaked you, sir, and cried.
I’ll answer for her.
I’ll answer that question to the commonwealth better than you can get up the Negro’s belly.
I’ll be at your tent.
I’ll be forced to call you a king, knight.
I’ll be a big fan of you.
I’ll be pinched to death.
I’ll be reconciled with him again.
My husband will save me.
I’ll be there before you.
I’ll break the law to the Queen and get her permission to join.
I’ll deliver it.
I’ll want you to be more familiar with me, Master Cobweb.
I’ll do something.
I’ll do it.
I won’t do my friends any wrong, because I don’t have any to lament me; the world won’t hurt me, because I don’t have anything to do with it.
I’ll do well.
I’ll do it, my lord.
I’ll ask him to answer like himself.
I’ll fall.
I’ll find time, Cassius, I’ll find time.
I’ll get jealous of you soon, Launcelot, if you get my wife into corners.
I’ll have glory by this loss day more than Octavius and Mark Antony will have to achieve by this vile conquest.
I’ll laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.
I’ll miss you, but you’ll have freedom.—So, so, so.—To the king’s ship, invisible as you are.
I’ll never see my gold again.
I won’t look at his likeness again.
I won’t sleep in the quiet at the Tower.
I’ll obey you in all fair commands.
I’ll obey you.
I’ll obey, my lord.
I’ll offend you either to detention or give it to you.
I’ll remember.
I’ll go back to your Lordship.
I’ll see you, if I die, look pale with love.
I’ll serve you, sir, if you want.
I’ll take it, sir.
I’ll keep this good lesson as a watchman to my heart.
I’ll win at the odds.
I will, King Harry.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will.
I shifted him away and laid good scuses on your ecstasy.
I’d be angry with you if it were time.
I should be wise, because honesty is a fool and it’s lost.
I’d rather see another like that.
I should first tell you how the Prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John, saw this amiable encounter in the orchard.
I would have been a sore one then.
I would have scolded you for not bringing it, but you’re first starting to fight like a shrew.
I would have given you the morning, but as a madman’s epistles are no gospels, it doesn’t really make sense when they’re delivered.
I should have known it.
I’d like to hear that voice.
I wouldn’t ask Casca what happened.
I wouldn’t urge you to do your duty beyond your power.
I’d sin to think a little bit about my grandmother.
I’d rather go purgatory for it.
I slept the next night well, fed well, was free and merry.
I’m only speaking as I find out.
I’m talking about him only brotherly, but if I anatomize him to you as he is, I’ll blush and weep, and you’ll look pale and wonder.
I’m only talking about the figures and the comparisons.
I’m talking about it.
I’m not saying anything wrong.
I’m not saying anything in fear about you.
I’m not talking like a dotard or a fool, as young as I am to brag about what I’ve done when I’m young, or what I’d do if I weren’t old
I don’t say that you should be a good opinion of my knowledge, as long as I say I know you are.
I don’t say anything to disprove what Brutus said, but here I am to say what I know.
I’m not talking about proof yet.
I’m talking to you as a plain soldier.
I’m talking too loud.—Where’s Malvolio?
I spoke to his man.
I spoke to some of the sailors who escaped the wrack.
I’m dishonored, who have gone about to link my dear friend to a common stale.
I’m standing for judgment.
I’m standing here for law.
I’m ready to go.
I’m staying here for a while.
I’m staying away from her for too long.
I’m staying too long.
I’ll use that word “broad,” which, added to the goose, proves you are a wide goose.
I’m stricken, being moved.
I stumbled when I saw it.
I swear it’s better to be abused than to just know a little.
I swear by the fact that I’ll lose your money to prove him false, which says I don’t love you.
I swear I’ll cuff you if you strike again.
I swear to you, young man, that I am that he is, that unfortunate he is.
I swear— By nothing, because this is no oath.
I think it’s later, sir.
I’m not sure that you, Iago, who has had my purse as if the strings were yours, should know about this.
I think your own business demands you to leave, and you accept the occasion to leave.
I’ll leave you immediately.
I’ll leave you alone.
I don’t like the way an eunuch is.
I enjoy singing, sir.
I’m glad you’re here, because I’d like to talk about her.
I’ll give you this offer: pay the debt three times and let the Christian go.
I didn’t talk to any man at that time, my lord.
I don’t punish you, you elements, with unkindness.
I tell him we’ll stay here for at least a month, and he asks that some occasion may prolong our stay.
I’m telling you that.
I tell you, churlish priest, a ministering angel will my sister be when you’re a howling.
I tell you, Constable, my mistress wears his own hair.
I tell you, I’m as good in my mind as any man in Illyria.
I tell you that you’ve ruined her gown.
I tell you, Kate, it was burnt and dried away.
Litio, I tell you that this is wonderful!
I tell you, man, that it’s better with me now than when you met me last time, where we’re now.
I tell you that it’s not very well.
I’m telling you that.
I tell you what you’ll do.
I tell you, it’s incredible to believe how much she loves me.
I tell you, it’ll sound harshly in her ears.
I tell you, Captain, if you look at the maps of the Orld, I assure you that you’ll find in the comparisons between Macedon and Monmouth that the situation, look at, is both different.
I tell you, the man who can hold her will have the chinks.
Thank God, thank God!
Thank his Grace.
I thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care.
Thank you.
Thank you, my noble lord.
I thank my stars and I’m happy.
Thank you for that gird, Tranio.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for your patience and your honest pains.
Thank you, Ariel.
Thank you, Sir John, with all my heart.
Thank you, Tubal.
Thank you, master.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for your service, but I wish I had been alone.
Thank you for your pains and courtesy.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you very much for him.
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you, uncle.
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, valiant Cassio.
Thank you, and be blessed for your good comfort.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Honor.
Thank you, you’ve got me one.
Thank you, sir.
So I’ll say again that he wrought on her with some powerful mixtures of blood or some dram, conjured to this effect.
I think it was Soto, which your Honor means.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon.
I think he’s really angry.
I think he’s transformed into a beast, because I can’t find him like a man.
I think he bought his doublet in Italy, his round hose in France, his bonnet in Germany, and his behavior everywhere.
I think he’s getting the money.
I think he loves the world only for him.
I think he’s thinking about the savage bull.
I think he told me Paris would have married Juliet.
I think he’ll carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son for an apple.
I think he’ll stand strong with us.
I think he wouldn’t wish himself anywhere but where he is.
I think his soul is in hell, madonna.
I think I can find him, if you want to get a good guard and go with me.
I think I did, sir.
I think I had.
I think I hear them.—Stand, ho!
I think I told your lordship a year ago how much I’m in favor of Margaret, the waitress of Hero.
I think it is, sir.
I think it is.
I think it’s true.
I think it is freely, and I’ll beg the virtuous Desdemona to do it for me.
I think it’s in Macedon where Alexander is porno.
I think Mark Antony, so beloved by Caesar, shouldn’t be able to survive Caesar.
I think it’s my weakness in my eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition.
I think it is.
I think it’s not twelve.
I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.
I think it’s good, my lord.
I think he’s not a good soul, and I don’t approve his opinion.
I don’t think about them.
I don’t think so, my lord.
I think of as many things as he does, but I thank heaven and don’t boast about them.
I think our country is sinking under the yoke.
I think our father will leave here tonight.
I think oxen and wainropes can’t hale them together.
I think she’ll be a better soldier.
I think so too.
I think so, Charmian.
I think one of them is here, and I can’t make it away.
I think you’re just and don’t think you’re right.
I think the best wit will soon turn into silence, and discourse will be commended only by parrots.
I don’t think the duke will be spoken with.
I think the purpose of that marriage is more important than the love of the parties.
I think the sun where he was born is all about humor.
I think the world’s asleep.
I think they’re being punished by the late innovation.
I think there’s never a man in Christendom who can hide his love or hate more than he can hide, because you’ll know his heart by his face.
I think this story would win my daughter too.
I think you’re an ass.
I think you’re thinking, and so am I.
I think you do.
I think we’re too bold to rest.
I think we know the sweet Roman hand.
I think I’d be uplifted to my right, and I’d offer thousands of dollars here from gracious England.
I think you’re all mated or insane.
I think you’re not a bloody savage.
I’m going to tell you: many things, if you have full consent, can work against each other, as many arrows have been loosened to one point, as many ways meet in one town, as many fresh
I thought everything was the best.
I thought that I’d kill myself for grief.
I thought everything was savage here, and so I put myself on the countenance of stern commandment.
I thought the king had more impact on the Duke of Albany than on Cornwall.
I thought you’d been resolute.
I thought your heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion.
I’m like a drop of water that’s looking for another drop in the ocean, who, falling there to find his fellow, unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself.
I told him that your father was at Venice, and that you’re looking for him in Padua today.
I told him what I thought, and I didn’t tell him anything more than what he found true.
I told him you were asleep.
I told him you were sick.
I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking, so full of valor that they smote the air for breathing in their faces, beat the ground for kissing their feet—and always bend towards their project
I took him to sleep—that’s finished too—and the Athenian woman by his side, that when he wakes up, she must be seen.
I didn’t take any more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.
I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me.” That’s as easy as to say, “Any pain I take for you is as easy as thanks.” If I don’t take pity
I’m bothering you too much, but you’re willing.
I understand your words are furious, but not the words.
I know, he’s a third at Mexico, a fourth for England, and other ventures he’s squandered abroad.
I don’t understand what you mean by this.
I don’t understand, madam.
I don’t understand you.
I urge this child to prove that it is pure innocence.
I urged you to go further, then you scratched your head and stamped your foot too unpatiently.
I want more uncles here to welcome me.
I’m sure she’s a rag.
I’m sure it’s to knight you, Captain.
I’m sure it will.
I’m sure I’ll get something from Venice.
I’m sure you’re right.
I assure you’re a good fellow and don’t care about anything.
I’ll tell you, madam.
I’m sure you, my lord.
I assure you, sir, that the cold, virgin snow on my heart is a slander on my liver.
I assure you, you’ll find that the ceremonies of war and the cares of it and the forms of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it are otherwise.
I’m sure you.
I’m sure you’re right.
I was a fine fool to take it.
I was a gentleman, and then I told you that.
I was about to protest that I loved you.
I was adored once too.
I was always in touch with you, and now I’m talking about my anger.
I was born as free as Caesar.
I was born to speak a whole lot, no matter what.
I was contacted by both of them.
I was forced to send it to him.
I was forbid.
I was hurt under your arm.
I was killed in the Capitol.
I was not angry since I came to France until this moment.
I was not born to die on Brutus’s sword.
I was as petty to his ends as the morn-dew on the myrtle leaf to his grand sea.
I was slandish, and she gave me guilt on my guiltless shoulders.
I was sure your lord didn’t give it to me.
I was the man in the moon when time was.
I was the more deceived.
I was talking the other day on the sea-bank with certain Venetians, and she comes out of the mud, and by this hand she falls me like this around my neck— Crying “Oh Cassio!” as it
I was told that by someone who knows him better than you.
I was too young to value her, but now I know her.
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, when they sat in a wood in Crete with hounds of Sparta.
I was, but I find more pain in banishment than death can give me here by my abode.
I wear it for a memorable honor, because I am Welsh, you know, good countryman.
I would weigh it lightly, if it were heavier.
I’ll acquit you.
I’ll answer you with a gait and a ring.
I’ll ask him for my place again, and he’ll tell me I’m a drunk.
I’ll disguise your role and tell her that I’m Claudio, and I’ll unclasp my heart and take her prisoner with the force and strength of my amorous tale.
I’ll bandy with you in a faction.
I’ll be angry.
I’ll be bitter with him and pass short.
I’ll be brief, because my short time of breath is not as long as a tedious tale.
I’ll be a correspondent to command and do my spiriting gently.
I’ll be deaf to pleading and excuses.
I’ll be faithful.
I’ll be flesh and blood, because there was never a philosopher who could endure the toothache patiently, even if they writ the style of gods and made a push at chance and suffer.
I’ll be free from you.
I’ll go, sir, and I won’t bother you.
I’ll be hanged another time!
I’ll be hanged if some evil villain, some rogue, some cogging, a cozening slave, haven’t devised this slander.
I’ll be heard.
I’ll be here again, even with a thought.
I’ll be gentle and mild.
I’ll be jealous of you more than a Barbary cock-pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than a parrot against rain, more newfangled than an ape, more 
I’ll be near to second your attempt, and he’ll fall between us.
I’ll be proud, I’ll read politic authors, I’ll baffle Sir Toby, I’ll wash off my groaning acquaintance, I’ll be a point-maker to devise the
I’ll be satisfied.
I’ll be strange, stout, in yellow stockings, and cross-gartered, even with the rapidness of putting on.
I’ll be treble-sinewed, hearted, breathed, and fight maliciously.
I’ll give you a breakfast to make you friends, and we’ll be all three sworn brothers to France.
I’ll give you the time to speak freely.
I’ll bite my thumb at them, which is a shame to them, if they bear it.
I’ll bite you by the ear for that sneezing.
I’ll bring you there.
I’ll only spend a word here in the house and go with you.
I won’t carry any crotches.
I’ll challenge him.
I’ll chop her into messes!
I’ll come back.
I’ll fight this.
I’ll condole in some way.—To the rest of the world.—I’m a tyrant.
I’ll confess it to all the lord.
I’ll confess to you that I love him.
I’ll tell them when you come.
I’ll poison you, or in a savage, or in steel.
I’ll discuss this more at leisure and teach you to listen to me.
I’ll either deliver you or lie for you.
I won’t deny you anything!
I’ll leave in quiet, and I’ll be a merry man, despite my sanity.
I’ll deserve your help.
I’d like you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals.
I’ll die bravely, like a smug bridegroom.
I’ll die and leave him all.
I’ll leave it in either your straw-colored beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French crown-colored beard, your perfect yellow beard
I’ll leave you before I leave you.
I’ll send it straight.
I’ll do it, my lord.
I’ll do it.
I’ll do any modest job to help my cousin get a good husband.
I’ll do anything, Nerissa, if I’ll be married to a sponge.
I’ll do everything you want me to do.
I’ll do so.
I’ll do so.
I’ll do this if you can.
I’ll hire you back again, and I find you the most suitable for business.
I’ll expect you.
I’ll fall prostrate at his feet and never rise until my tears and prayers have won his grace to come here and take my husband away from the Abbess.
I’ll get him.
I’ll fetch your goats, Audrey.
I’ll get you light, paper, and ink.
I’ll follow you.
I’ll follow.
I’ll stop them from getting back on the ground and say you’re not fit.
I’ll forget my nature.
I’ll frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they list it.
I’ll give him some relief if it’s just for that.
I’ll give out a lot of beauty plans.
I’ll give you mine.
I’ll give him treason for his actions in plows, I assure you.
I’ll give you the minstrel.
I’ll go with you.
I’ll go before you, sir.—Mistress, look out the window for all this.
I’ll go call the watch.
I’ll go lose myself and wander up and down to see the city.
I’ll go on the slightest errand to the Antipodes, which you can devise to send me on.
I’ll go find him.—Cassio, walk hereabout.
I’ll go find the king.
I’ll go with you.
I’ll have it all mine.
I’ll get my bond.
I’ll get revenge if I leave his house.
I won’t have any of them.
I’ll only have this.
I’ll revenge you both so that all the world will—I’ll do such things—what they are still I don’t know, but they will be the terrors of the earth.
I’ll hear Brutus speak.
I’ll hear Cassius and compare their reasons when we hear them.
I’ll hear more about this.
I’ll hear that play.
I’ll help you.
I’ll leave here tonight.
I’ll be here with you now, and if I bring you something to eat, I’ll give you permission to die.
I’ll go here until the storm passes.
I’ll hide in the arbor.
I’ll be friends with you, lady.
I’ll drown myself incontinently.
I won’t endure it anymore, and I’m not convinced to put up in peace what I’ve already suffered foolishly.
I’ll kill you a hundred and fifty times.
I’ll kiss your lips.
I’ll kiss your hand, and so I’ll leave you.
I’ll laugh like a hyena when you’re awake.
I’ll trust you, and you’ll find a dearer father in my love.
I’ll leave him.
I’ll leave you to your gossip-like humor.
I’ll live in your heart, die in your lap, and be buried in your eyes—and, besides, I’ll go with you to your uncle’s.
I’ll look into it further.
I’ll look at him and relieve him.
I’ll make the doors fast and gild myself with some more ducats, and I’ll be with you straight away.
I’ll tell Desdemona what I’m doing.
I’ll make peace with him if I can.
I’ll meditate on some horrid message for a challenge.
I won’t be faced or be braved.
I won’t spend any of your money.
I won’t.
I won’t be long away from you.
I’ll swear that love can transform me into an oyster, but I’ll take my oath on it until he’s made an oyster of me, and he’ll never make me such a fool.
I won’t budge for anyone’s pleasure, I swear.
I won’t change my horse with any horse that treads only on four pasterns.
I won’t choose what many men want because I won’t jump with common spirits and rank myself with the barbarous multitudes.
I won’t come.
I won’t want that.
I won’t disclose them.
I won’t do you so much wrong to wake you up.
I won’t do them wrong.
I’ll never fail you.
I won’t fail.
I won’t give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands to be paid from the Sophy.
I won’t go today, and if I do, it’ll be what time I say.
I won’t have to deal with you.
I won’t hear you speak.
I won’t wait long.
I won’t hurt him.
I won’t leave him until Cassio gets called to him.—How are you, my lord?
I won’t be troubled long enough to be with you.
I won’t rise until your Highness hears me.
I won’t say that, because I’m afraid I’ll be faced out of my way.
I won’t say you’ll see a mask, but if you do, it wasn’t for nothing that my nose fell a-bleeding on Black Monday last night at six o'clock in the morning,
I won’t shame myself to give you this.
I won’t sleep until I see her, Hortensio.
I won’t sleep until I’ve delivered your letter, my lord.
I won’t speak to her.
I won’t stay behind.
I won’t stay here to offend you.
I won’t stay tonight for all the town.
I won’t sup tonight.
I won’t swear that these are my hands.
I won’t take her on any man’s gift.
I won’t think so.
I won’t until I’m ready.
I won’t bother you, my child.
I’ll not bother you to ask about your fortunes.—Come on, listen to some music, and, good cousin, sing.
I won’t.
I’ll look at your paper.
I’ll take you, Cleopatra, and weep for my pardon.
I won’t give you any opportunity to express my love, my love.
I’ll go on with my speech in your praise, and then I’ll tell you the heart of my message.
I’ll only be bold with Benedick for his company, because he’s all a savage from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot.
I’ll give you a reply for that.
I’ll physicize your rank and give no thousand crowns.—Holla, Dennis!
I’ll give you the comfort I need with all the additions I can.
I’ll plague them all, even roaring.
I’ll put you two, and let the fool make a third, where he’ll find the letter.
I’ll play the swan.
I’ll take you from that ship and treasure.
I’ll praise any man who will praise me, even though it can’t be denied what I’ve done on land.
I’ll preach to you.
I’ll go learn their day of marriage.
I’ll proclaim my name on the field.
I’ll prove it to you, sir, on your oaths of judgment and reason.
I’ll read it.—How much unlike Portia!
I’ll requite your love.
I’ll resolve you here in the meantime.
I’ll go back into the house again and ask the lady to do some work.
I’ll reward you once for your sprightly comfort and tenfold for your good valor.
I’ll run, fiend.
I’ll run.
I’ll say for you.
I won’t say anything.
I’ll say that.
I’ll see them.
I’ll seek him, sir, and tell you what I’ll do.
I’ll find some way to leave him.
I’ll send for him, and ask him yourself.
I’ll tell you what she’s saying, to make sure I remember her more deeply.
I’ll be a tyrant.
I’ll show you such a necessity in his death that you’ll think you’re going to put it on him.
I will.
I’ll speak daggers to her, but I’ll use none.
I’ll speak lower.
I’ll speak to this fellow.—Would this grave be this, sir?
I’ll stand, and so will Trinculo.
I’ll stop your mouth.
I’ll look at the inscriptions back again.
I’ll talk to you more.
I’ll tell you everything, right as it fell out.
I’ll tell you why.
I’ll tell you.
I’ll take the banner from a trumpet and use it to grab it.
I’ll give it to you then.
I’ll throw this night, in several hands, at his windows, as if they were from several citizens, writing all the great opinions Rome holds about his name, wherein Caesar’s ambition will be glancéd
I’ll go to Egypt.
I’ll go to Venice.
I’ll go to the weird sisters tomorrow—and it’s time to do that.
I’ll go to Venice to buy clothes for the wedding day.
I’ll verify as much in his beard.
I’ll walk by.
I’ll walk up and down here and sing, so they can hear I’m not afraid.
I’ll watch tonight.
I’ll weary you then, not with idle talking.
I’ll cry for nothing, like Diana in the fountain, and I’ll do that when you’re ready to be a good man.
I’ll cry for you, because this revolt of yours is like another fall of man.—They’re open.
I’ll cry.
I’ll go back to get some swift death for the wicked devil.
I will, and I know her mind early tomorrow.
I will, lady.
I will, my Hermia.
I will, my liege.
I will, my lord, with all the convenient rush.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, sir.
I will.
I will.
I swear, your grandma had a worse match.
I wish him joy to her.
I wish it could, because now I’m your fool.
I wish my eyes could shut up my thoughts.
I wish you all joy in the worm.
I wish you well, and so I’ll leave.
I wish you well.
I wish, please.
I’ve always made sports with the morning’s love, and like a forester, the groves can tread even till the eastern gate, all fiery red, opening on Neptune with fair blessed beams
I’m wondering.
I wonder at this moment that I have to marry him, who should be husband, and come to woo me.
I wonder if the lion will speak.
I wonder that none of you have thought of him.
I wonder how they’re here together.
I’m wondering that you’ll be talking, Signor Benedick.
I wonder what it’s going to do.
I’m glad he’s here.
I wish I could be friends with you and have your love, but don’t forget the shames you’ve stained me with, give me your present wishes and don’t take any sanity for my money—and you
I’d rather have thrown away my speech, because besides that it’s excellently written, I’ve taken great pains to make it happen.
I’d be foolish to have you overflowed with a honey bag, signor.
I’d be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as often as I am with my mistress: I think I saw your wisdom there.
I’d like to breed from here, and I will, so I can speak.
I’d cure you if you only called me Rosalind and come to my cote every day and woo me.
I’d do much to help them, because I love Cassio.
I want to eat his heart in the marketplace.
I’d rather put on your boldest suit of sex, because we have friends who want to be a merriment.
I’d like to go, man.
I’d rather learn to lie.
I’d like to prove that.
I’d forget it, but it presses to my memory like damned guilty deeds to sinners’ minds.
I wish I could give all my fame for a pot of beer and safety.
I wish I could bet you.
I wish I had blown up the town, so Chrish saved me in an hour.
I wish I had done all other things and made her half myself.
I wish you had a place there and here again, so I can tell you what you should do there.
I want her to learn how much I love her, my fair cousin, and that’s good English.
I wish he had nine years of killing.
I would have made it short, since I was able to tell the whole story and to stop the argument.
I want my bond.
I’d rather have a fool follow it, since he gives it to me.
I wish I could have a fellow like that whipped for o'erdoing Termagant.
I wish I had sworn it had, my lord, especially against Benedick.
I wish she had been invincible against all assaults of affection.
I want you.
I wish he had sailed me.
I wish he knew I saved his brother.
I wish I could see this sneezing.
I wish I had been there.
I wish I had your inches.
I wish I had your contract, because I think a weak contract holds you.
I wish I knew your heart.
I wish I were as sure of a good dinner.
I wish I were at home.
I wish I were invisible, to catch the strong fellow by the leg.
I wish I were so foolish, sir, that I wouldn’t feel your blows.
I wish I were your bird.
I wish I were, to be revenged on you.
I wish it were hangers until then.
I wish it could prove the end of his losses.
I’d kiss before I spoke.
I’d like to know that.
I’d lose everything—yes, sacrifice them all here to this devil—to deliver you.
I wish my daughter were dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear!
I wish my father could see only with my eyes.
I wish my horse had the speed of your tongue and a good savage.
I wouldn’t be cured, young man.
I wouldn’t be mad.
I wouldn’t be the villain you think you’re a villain for the entire space that’s in the tyrant’s grasp, and the rich East to boot.
I wouldn’t change it.
I wouldn’t change this color except to steal your thoughts, my gentle queen.
I wouldn’t deny you anything, but I’ll give you a great warning, and partly to save your life, because I was told you were in a good mood.
I wouldn’t follow him then.
I wouldn’t punish him for the wealth of the whole town here in my house.
I wouldn’t want to see them here in the world.
I wouldn’t have given it to a monkey sanctuary.
I wouldn’t want him to be a miscarry for half of my dowry.
I wouldn’t have a heart like this in my heart for the dignity of the whole body.
I wouldn’t hear your enemy say that, and you won’t hear that violence, to make it trust you’re a victim of your own report.
I wouldn’t kill your unprepared spirit.
I wouldn’t marry her, even if she were given all the money Adam had left him before he transgressed.
I wouldn’t see it.
I wouldn’t want to make water as much as I want to.
I wouldn’t spare my brother in this case if he would scorn me so a little.
I’d rather get one of your father’s gifts.
I’d be tempted to trust myself, even if I had sworn that Hero would be my wife.
I wish she had given me this slander.
I wish she were in heaven so she could take some power to change this currish Jew.
I wish I could sing my song without a burden.
I’d like to speak with Clarence, and I came here on my legs.
I wish the fool were married to her grave!
I wish the lightning had burned up those logs you’ve been invited to pile up!
So I wish my sister had no name, sir.
I wish these tears were from the ground.
I wish they were, so I could die instantly, because now they kill me with a living death.
I wish they’d fight in the fire or in the air, we’d fight there too.
I wish you could stammer, so you could pour this concealed man out of your mouth as wine comes out of a narrow-mouthed bottle—either too much at once, or none at all.
I wish you could.
I wish you had been a son to some man else.
I wish you had my bones and I had your news.
I wish you had told me about another father.
I wish you were so happy by your stay to hear true shrift.—Come, madam, let’s go.
I wish all the fights were well resolved.
I’d try to get him to cry “hem” and have him.
I wish we were all rid of this snafus.
I wish you were as I wish you were!
I wish your duties were as foolish as you were.
I wish you had to tell me.
I wrote to you when I rioted in Alexandria.
I’ll send you your order immediately, and he’ll go to England with you.
I your servant.
I’ll do whatever I can—which I can’t do.
I swear by your mother, who always prays for Richmond’s good.
I knew the tailor who made the wings she flew with.
I, gentle mistress.
I, madam?
I’ll cry again, not remembering how I cried out then.
I, sir, am Dromio.
I, sir?
I’ve been deprived of all the worldly ends, and I’ve been dedicated to the pursuit of closeness and the betterment of my mind, with the same thing that, only by being so retired, erpr
I.
I’m sure he’s right, coz.
I’m sure he’ll have a lusty widow who’ll be wooed and wedded in a day.
I’m sorry you’re not well.
I’m sure he’s done well.
I’m faith, I’m faith, and both are in tune like two gypsies on a horse.
I’m sure, or I either?
I’m sure you’ll never have to worry about it.
Is it in the air or the earth?
I’m the one who’s clout, the other.
I’m in the mire.
I wish you could live, because it’s happiness to die.
I’ll see them.
I’ll go out and drive away the vulgar from the streets.
I’ll follow him and see what happened.
I’ll answer that question.
I’ll arrest him.
I’ll ask them.
I’ll tell you, he uttered as prave words at the pridge as you’ll see on a summer’s day.
I’ll attend her here and woo her with some spirit when she comes.
I’ll go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him that.
I’ll be at the expense of a glass and perform a few tailors to study fashions to adorn my body.
I’ll be at your elbow.
I’ll be there.
I’ll go.
If you’re Launcelot, you’re my own flesh and blood.
I’ll be your second.
I’ll be with you soon.
I’ll be with you straight away.
I’ll be your foil, Laertes.
I’ll be your purse-bearer and leave you for an hour.
I’ll blame you and take your job from you, on my own risk.
I’ll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle.
I’ll take him here now.
I’ll bring my wood home faster.
I’ll tell you exactly how it’s going to be.
I’ll bring you there, my lord, if you’re vouching for me.
I’ll bring you to him right away.
I’ll bring you to him.
I’ll buckle you against a million.
I’ll bury you in a triumphant grave.
I’ll call Sir Toby the next time.
I’ll call you “Hamlet,” “King,” “Father,” “royal Dane.” Oh, answer me!
I’ll call you before you go to bed and tell you what I know.
I’ll call you straight away.
I’ll carry it to the pile.
I’ll catch it before it comes to ground.
I’ll say that promise to you, your Grace.
I’ll come to him.
I’ll come to you right away.
I’ll be no finer than I am.
I’ll court his favors.
I’ll cross it even if it hits me.—Stay, I’m going to be fooled!
I won’t take it any further.
I’ll die for it only if some woman had the ring.
I’ll do it, but it doesn’t like me.
I’ll do it, my lord.
I’ll do it.
I’ll do my best to get your lady— If I’m going to get her, I’d be his wife.
I’ll do the job of a younger man in all your business and necessities.
I’ll drain him as much as hay.
I’ll drink for you.
I’ll drink to her as long as there’s a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria.
I’ll end my exhortation after dinner.
I’ll beg you.
I’ll get my sister to get her goodwill.
I’ll get some flax and whites of eggs to apply to his bleeding face.
I’ll get the general’s surgeon.—Save your labor.—He who’s been killed here, Cassio, was my dear friend.
I’ll get them, sir.
I’ll fight at sea.
I’ll fight until my flesh is hacked from my bones.
I’ll find your man, and he’ll tell you from time to time that you’re lucky.
I’ll find Romeo to comfort you.
I’ll fish for you and get you enough wood.
I won’t follow him again with scolding prayers.
I’ll follow it.
I’ll follow you and make a heaven of hell, to die on the hand I love so much.
I’ll follow this good man and go with you.
I’ll follow you.
I’ll fume with them!” And with that word she struck me on the head, and my slurped way through the instrument.
I’ll get to a place more void, and there speak to great Caesar as he comes along.
I’ll give it to him.
I’ll give you a verse to this note I made yesterday, despite my invention.
I’ll go alone.
I’ll go along, no one can see that, but I’ll rejoice in my own splendor.
I’ll go and chat with Paris.
I’ll go another way to work with him.
I’ll go arm myself.
I’ll go farther away.
I’ll go find a shadow and sigh until he comes.
I’ll go with you.
I’ll become a talker for this gear.
I’ll stop after that.
I’ll have an action against him if there’s any law in Illyria.
I’ll have more reason to do that than this.
I’ll have her, but I won’t keep her long.
I’ll have my contract, and I’ll leave.
I’ll get my contract.
I won’t have any bigger.
I won’t have any halves.
I won’t speak.
I’ll have no better name than Jove’s own page, and you’ll look at me as Ganymede.
I’ll have some proof.
I’ll get the work done and give it to Iago.
I’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.
I’ll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders before I see the crown so badly misplaced.
I’ll have this knot knit up tomorrow morning.
I’ll help you get a horse.
I’ll help you, Sir Toby, because we’ll be dressed together.
I’d like to think of her if she were an Ethiope.
I’ll tell you what we’ve done in his name, that magical word of war, and how we’ve jaded out of the field with his banners and his well-paid ranks.
I’ll come in to counsel them.
I’ll join with black despair against my soul and become an enemy.
I’ll keep my oath for a long time to bear my wrath.”
I’ll know his humor when he knows his time.
I’ll know your thoughts.
I’ll lay fourteen of my teeth—and yet, to my teen, I have only four—she’s not fourteen.
I’ll leave you now like a man of steel.
I’ll leave you, lady.
I’ll leave you.
I’ll look at it if I’m looking for something to like.
I’ll make a sop on the moonshine of you.
I’ll share my present with you.
I’ll make her come, I assure you, now.
I’ll find him.
I’ll make one too.
I’ll make it so bold to call, because it’s my limited service.
I’ll make the motion.
I’ll give you an example.
I’ll make you amends next, to give you nothing for something.
I’ll make you quiet.—Oh, cheery, my hearts!
I’ll watch the play.
I’ll meet you at that place sometime in the morning.
I’ll try to get it back and then play— Where’s the Queen?
I’ll never care what wickedness I do, if this man comes to good.
I’ll never see it!
I won’t see any more of you.
I won’t.
I won’t do anything about it.
I won’t do anything about it.
I’ll not answer that question, but I’ll say it’s my humour.
I’ll be away from you.
I won’t be sworn.
I won’t be a dull-eyed fool to shake the head, sigh and give away to Christian intercessors.
I won’t be struck, my lord.
I don’t believe it.
I won’t budge an inch, boy.
I won’t deny him anything I have, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
I won’t endure it.
I won’t endure it.
I won’t expostulate with her, so my body and beauty will never be able to express my mind again—This night, Iago!
I’ll never fail, if I live.
I won’t fight with you.
I won’t have it.
I won’t talk to him.
I won’t betray it.
I won’t go to bed tonight.
I won’t trust your words.
I’ll pay you for it then.
I’ll pheeze you, in faith.
I’ll kill him.
I’ll play the housewife for this once.
I’ll pluck you berries.
I’ll prove my honor and my honesty against you if you dare to stand.
I’ll pull you by the lesser legs.
I’ll put it in proof.
I’ll put a girdle around the Earth in forty minutes.
I’ll put it on.
I’ll wear poor and mean attire and smirch my face with a smirch.
I’d rather dwell on my need.
I’d rather kill myself.
I’ll read the story.
I’ll rest.
I’ll rhyme you so well for eight years, except dinners and suppers and sleeping hours.
I’ll ride home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
I’ll ride your horse as well as I ride you.
I’ll run away from you and hide in the brakes, and leave you to the mercy of wild animals.
I’ll give you a bond, and I’ll say that the Jew is kind.
I’ll see it done.
I won’t see anything else.
I’ll see you hanged on Sunday first.
I’ll sell all my land.
I’ll send my prayers to him.
I’ll send a man to Mantua, where the banished runagate is alive, and he’ll have a dram that he’ll keep Tybalt in the works soon.
I’ll serve this duke.
I’ll serve you five hundred.
I’ll tell you how far to be beloved.
I’ll put her on.
I’ll show you the best springs.
I’ll signify that to him right away.
I’ll slit the villain’s nose that would have sent me to jail.
I’ll speak a prophecy before I go.
I’ll stay for a month.
I won’t be able to answer any more questions.
I’ll strike and cry, “Take everything.” Well said.
I’ll leave.
I’ll talk to this good man.
I’ll go away with you.
I’ll teach you how to flow.
I’ll tear her up to pieces!
I’ll tell my husband what you’re saying, Launcelot.
I’ll tell you the news.
I’ll tell you before you ask me again.
I’ll tell you how Beatrice praised you the other day.
I’ll tell you more about this another time.
I’ll tell you what, Prince: a college of witcrackers can’t fool me out of my humor.
I’ll tell you, Aliena, I can’t be out of sight of Orlando.
I’ll tell you, Charles: it’s the stubbornest young fellow of France, full of ambition, an envious emulator of every man’s good parts, and a secret and villainous contriver against me his
I’ll tell you, friend, I’m almost mad myself.
I’ll tell you in your ear.
I’ll tell you who time ambles withal, who time trots withal, who time gallops withal, and who he stands still withal.
I’ll tell you, there are good men in Monmouth.
I won’t give or risk anything for lead.
I’ll go to dinner.
I’ll go to England.
I’ll go to him.
I’ll go to my book, because I’ll do a lot of business at the end of the evening.
I’ll go to my job.
I’ll go to sleep.
I’ll go to the friar to find out his remedy.
I’ll go to the martin, and then go there for Dromio to stay.
I’ll go to the throng.
I’ll torture him.
I’ll unhair your head!
I’ll venture so much of my hawk or hound, but twenty times so much on my wife.
I’ll wait on your Lordship.
I’ll bet he drowned even if the ship were as slick and leaky as a wench.
I’ll tell her she’ll pay him home.
I’ll wear nothing but this.
I’ll write to my sister immediately to keep my course.
I’ll write you a challenge.
I’ll write to him a very taunting letter, and you’ll bear it.
I’ll give him to sleep, where you can knock a nail into his head.
I’m out of patience.
Iago is coming.
Iago is very honest.
Iago keeps his word.
Iago, who started it?
Iago?
Iago.
Idle old man who still wants to manage the powers he has given away!
If it weren’t the other— it’s just that, I’m sure.
If she wasn’t, I can’t tell who told me.
If a bloody coxcomb is a hurt, you’ve hurt me.
If a Christian doesn’t play the knave and get you, I’m very wrong.
If a Jew is wrong with a Christian, what’s his humility?
If a man doesn’t erect his own tomb in this age before he dies, he will not live in a monument more than the bell rings and the widow weeps.
If a man’s brains were in the shin, weren’t they in danger of kibes?
If everything else fails, I’ll have the power to die.
If all the devils of hell are drawn in little, and Legion himself has possessed him, I’ll speak to him.
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him, I’ll help his ague.
If there’s any bark left, come to the mart, where I’ll walk until you return to me.
If any of them are Trinculo’s legs, these are.
If any man doubts that, let him put me to my purgation.
If any ship is out, then you’ll get out of here immediately.
If there’s anything like that, heaven pardon him!
If there are any, speak—for he has offended me.
If there are any, speak—for he has offended me.
If I borrow other accents as well, that can make my speech diffuse, my good intentions can carry through to the full issue for which I razed my likeness.
If you’ve put the wild waters in this roar, my dearest father, you’ll allay them.
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have done nothing less.
If Caesar wants, our master will leap to be his friend.
If Cleopatra heard you, you’d be well deserved for your rashness.
If I’m not happy with my dream, my boat will sail freely, both with wind and stream.
If we die, be brief so that our swift-winged souls can catch the king’s life, or, like obedient subjects, follow him to his new kingdom of neo-changing night.
If you were yourself and your pains were yours, you and your pain were all for Rosaline.
If Echo were as fleet as Echo, I’d be a good value for a dozen such.
If either of you knows any obstacle in the way you should not be accompanied, then you’ll have to ask your souls to tell me.
If he ever goes alone again, I’ll never fight for more prize.
If he ever has wife, let her be made miserable by the death of him more than I am made by my poor lord and you.—Come on to Chertsey with your holy load, taken from Paul
If I ever live to see it, I’ll challenge it.
If I ever return to you again, I’ll bring you comfort.
If you come to me and say, after tomorrow, “This is my glove,” I’ll take you a box on the ear.
If you ever want to grow, bury my body.
If every of your wishes had a womb, and fertile every wish, a million.
If everyone knows us, and we don’t know, it’s time, I think, to trudge, pack, and go.
If we don’t have fortune today, it’s because we brave her.
If I’m back from the field again to kiss these lips, I’ll appear in blood.
If God is avenged for this deed, then you know that he does it publicly!
If it’s good, you’re shameful of the sweet news by playing it to me with so sour a face.
If Hamlet hits the first or second hit or quit in response to the third exchange, let all the battles fire their weapons!
If you, my father, suspect that this is the way you call back, don’t blame me.
If he asks for me, I’ll be sick and go to bed.
If he’s awake, he’ll fill our skins with a pinch.
If he’s absent, bring his brother to me.
If he’s leaden, icy, cold, unwilling, be so too, and break off the talk, and tell us about his inclination.
If he doesn’t love a woman, there’s no way to believe old signs.
If he’s been perjured, see now, his reputation is as arrant as a villain and a Jack Sauce as ever, he’s thrown on God’s ground and earth, in my conscience
If he’s sad, he wants money.
If he’s not so happy, I can help him.
If he’s taken, he’ll never be afraid of doing harm again.
If he is, he knows how to turn his girdle.
If he breaks the peace, he’ll have to fight with fear and trembling.
If he doesn’t want to, let the witch mend him.
If he doesn’t come, then the play is ruined.
If he’s coming tomorrow, I’ll pay him.
If he could fight himself, some of us would lie low.
If he distastes it, let him go to our sister, who I know is one, and not to be overruled.
If he bleeds, I’ll gild the faces of the grooms with a smile, because it must seem their guilt.
If he’s bleak, I know what to do.
If he fears God, he must always keep peace.
If he resists, please forgive him for his sins!
If he does, he’ll be sure he can’t weep back again.
If he fails to do that, he’ll have other means to cut you off.
If he filled his job with his lust, full surfeits and the dryness of his bones will make him want it.
If he caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pounds before he can be cured.
If he’s never drunk wine before, it’ll go away to remove his fit.
If he has the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, I’d rather he shrive me than wive me.
If he loves Caesar, all he can do is to himself: think and die for Caesar.
If he could be delivered quickly, I would he be, because I’m so far indebted to my niece that I can’t pursue this sport with any safety.
If he wants to give me conquered Egypt for my son, he gives me so much of my own as I will kneel to him with thanks.
If he says that, he’ll be a bit ill-tempered!
If he were dead, what would be the odds on me?
If he were dead, you’d cry for him.
If he doesn’t stand when he’s offered, he won’t be one of the Prince’s subjects.
If he takes it, then.
If he’s a musical genius, we’ll have a few sexy things to do.
If her breath were as terrible as her snoring, there would be no living near her; she would infect the north star.
If he’s wrong, we’re ignoring the king’s crime.
If he’s a good man, I’ll be ready, either now or when I’m ready, if I’m as capable as I am now.
If I’m a savage, beware of my sting.
If I can cross him any way, I’ll bless myself every way.
If I can only hold one cup on him, with the one he’s drunk tonight already, he’ll be as sane and offensive as my young mistress’s dog.
If I can recover him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him, he’s a present for any emperor who ever threw his leather on a neat leather jacket.
If I can recover him and keep him tame, I won’t take too much for him.
If I could add a lie to a fault, I would deny it.
If I could give the fifth welcome with so good a heart as I can give the other four farewell, I’d be glad of his approach.
If I could make that look like something in me—Softly!
If I could pray to move, then prayers would move me.
If I could win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back, under the slack of bragging, I would quickly leap into a wife.
If I cut my finger, I’ll make bold with you.—Your name, honest gentleman?
If I took the kingdom from your sons, I’ll give it to your daughter.
If I die before you, please, shroude me in one of these same sheets.
If I find him right, I’ll move your suit and try to make it to my fullest.
If I live, I’ll be good to you.
If I don’t love her, I’m a Jew.
If I don’t have a sober habit, talk with respect and swear, but now and then, wear prayer books in my pocket, look dreadfully— No more.
If I don’t usurp myself, I’m.
If I prove her haggard, even though her jesses were my dear heartstrings, I’d whistle her off and let her down the wind to take revenge.
If I do so, it’ll be more expensive to be slammed behind your back than to your face.
If I don’t dream, you’re Emilia.
If I find a hole in his coat, I’ll tell him my thoughts.
If I gave them all my life, I’d keep my coxcombs myself.
If I had a thunderbolt in my eye, I can tell you who should down.
If I had you in Lipsbury’s pinfold, I’d make you care about me.
If I had, my weapon would have been out quickly, I assure you.
If I’ve killed the issue of your womb, I’ll beg your daughter to get my issue of your blood.
If I know this, I know the whole world, I can shake off the part of tyranny I’m carrying.
If I’m in this service, you’ll have to wear me in leather.
If I let him go, I’ll have to pay him the debt.
If I live to see it, I’ll never trust his word again.
If I lose a fight over this sport, let me be boiled to death with melancholy.
If I can trust the flattering truth of sleep, my dreams are a good sign of joy.
If I myself, there’s no hour as good as Caesar’s death hour, or half that worth as your swords, made rich with the most noble blood of all this world.
If I owe you anything, I’ll pay you in a cudgel.
If I stop you, you flaming minister, I can restore your old light again if I repent.
If I say sooth, I must tell you they were like cannons overcharged with double cracks, so they doubled strokes on the enemy.
If I see anything tonight why I shouldn’t marry her, tomorrow I’ll shame her in the congregation where I should marry her.
If I were, what would I be?
If I said that, I saw such islanders—for, certes, these are people of the island—who, even though they are monstrous, but you can see, their manners are gentler than many of us
If I’d say something, she’d mock me in the air.
If I’d take a displeasure against you, look— You’re only a lost monster.
If I’m speaking like myself, let him be whipped, who first finds it.
If I’m true, then
If I stand here, I saw him.
If I think so, I think the same of you.
If I were to be a divine servant of this unity, I wouldn’t say that.
If I were Brutus now and Brutus were Cassius, he wouldn’t be a good man.
If I’m going to Naples now, would they believe me?
If you can’t give any help, then you can’t help but call me wise, and I’ll help it with this knife.
If it’s my noble father’s person, I’ll speak to it, even though Hell itself should gape and ask me to keep my peace.
If it’s a suit from the count, I’m sick or not at home.
If it’s found, some will be happy with it.
If it’s true love, tell me how much.
If it’s a man’s work, I’ll do it.
If it’s mine, don’t keep it from me.
If it doesn’t have some purpose to be imported, give it to me again.
If it doesn’t come, it will come now.
If it’s as bad as it is put on me—and that’s a caution—I must tell you, you don’t understand yourself so clearly as it is on my daughter and your honor.
If it were true, as it is, Poor lady, she would be better to love a dream.
If it’s true, it’s a chance to redeem all the sorrows I’ve ever felt.
If it’s that— If it’s that, or any one that was hers, it’s not against her with the other proofs.
If it’s like dreaming, let me sleep!
If it’s true that good wine doesn’t need a bush, it’s true that a good play doesn’t need a epilogue.
If you’re the ones who stir these daughters' hearts against their father, don’t fool me so much to bear it tamely.
If it’s true, please, don’t eat it.
If it had been painful, I wouldn’t have come.
If it would be nice to avoid the grief between you and forget them, then remember that the present needs to be resolved.
If it passes against us, we lose the better half of our possession, because all the lands that men have given to the Church would be stripped of us, as valued as so: “As much as the King’s honor would
If it pleases His Majesty, it’s the time of day for me to breathe.
If it’s the eye of one, it’s with me as true as the sonnet is, “Please one, and please all.” Why, how are you, man?
If you like.
If it’s a good prize, he’s always made for you.
If you want me to be a good answer, I’ll do your mother’s commandment.
If it were done when it was done, then it would be done quickly.
If it were to die now, then I’d be most happy now, because I’m afraid my soul has a content that doesn’t make me feel like this.
If it were true, it was a grievous fault, and Caesar has answered it.
If it doesn’t, I’ll leave you.
If it doesn’t, what remedy?
If it will please Caesar to be so good to Caesar as to hear me, I’ll ask him to befriend himself.
If justice doesn’t help you, she won’t be able to weigh more reasons in her balance.
If knife, drugs, serpents, have Edge, sting, or operation, I’m safe.
If love is blind, love can’t hit the mark.
If love is rough with you, be rough with love.
If love has touched you, nothing remains as good as that: Gramercies, lad, go ahead.
If you see more, let me know more.
If you’re more serious, the more you’ve wronged me.
If you notice him, you’ll offend him and extend his passion.
If my heart’s dear love— Well, don’t swear.
If my lady hasn’t called up her steward Malvolio and told him to turn you out of the door, don’t trust me.
If you don’t answer, you might think that a thorny ambition, not a reply, yielded to bear the golden yoke of sovereignty, which you would impose on me with a fond
If not, it’s true that this parting was well done.
If not, please.
If not, if you would like to leave her, she’s very willing to offer you farewell.
If not, I’ll try to get you back.
If not, they’ll meet with the lord.
If not, he’s foaming at his mouth and he’s breaking out of a savage madness.
If not, he’s plain.
If not, I’ll die your mother.
If not, stop me, and I’ll spare you.
If not, the Fates are threatening to fight with traitors.
If not, to say to you that I’ll die is true, but for your love, by the Lord, no.
If not, when you have stomachs.
If not, then this parting was well done.
If not, your pardon and my return will be the end of my business.
If one knight gives a gift— Would you like to sing a love song or a song of good life?
If one is a prey, how much better to fall before the lion than the wolf!
If only to go warm were beautiful, then nature doesn’t need what you’re wearing, which isn’t enough to keep you warm.
If our eyes had authority, they could take two thieves kissing here.
If our father has authority with the same dispositions he bears, this last surrender of his will only offend us.
If our father would sleep until I wake him up, you’d enjoy half his income forever, and live the beloved of your brother, Edgar.” Hum, conspiracy?
If we had a sport going forward, we would have all been men.
If sanctimony and a frail vow aren’t too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell, you’ll enjoy her.
If she and I are happy, what’s that to you?
If she’s a traitor, why so am I.
If she’s black, and she’ll find a white that will fit her blackness.
If she’s false, heaven mocked itself.
If she’s in your house or in her room, let me get the justice of the state for deluding you.
If she confessed she was half the wooer, I’ll be ruined by the evil light on the man.—Come here, gentle mistress.
If she sends letters to Richmond, you’ll answer it.
If she refuses to marry, I’ll ask for the day when I’ll ask the banns and when I’ll be married.
If she wants me to pack, I’ll thank her, as if she wanted me to stay by her for a week.
If she does, he’ll smile and take it for a great favor.
If she doesn’t find him, send him to England or confine him to where you’ll think best.
If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the Moor.
If she’s alive long, and then she’ll be dead, then women will turn into monsters.
If she’s alive until midnight, she’ll burn a week longer than the whole world.
If she’s tender about her love, it’s very possible he’ll punish it, because the man, as you know, has a contemptive spirit.
If she supports him and his hundred knights when I show you aren’t fit— Here, madam.
If she returns me my jewels, I’ll give up my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation.
If she’s going to stir up here, I’ll tell her.
If sight and shape are true, then my love will die.
If Signor Leonato is her father, she wouldn’t have his head on her shoulders for all Messina, as like him as she is.
If Sir Toby would leave drinking, you’d be as witty as any piece of Eve’s flesh in Illyria.
If that’s true, please, sister.
If that’s true, my eyes are often more washed than hers.
If that’s true, then don’t be a bit tongue-tied.
If such a person is right to govern, speak.
If a quick thought doesn’t break it, a faster mean won’t break it, but it won’t, I feel.
If the other two are brained like us, the state will get worse.
If that’s all, my masters, I won’t hear anything wrong.
If that’s enough to care for nothing, I’d make you invisible.
If her breath will mist or stain the stone, then she’ll live.
If that’s true, then everything is fine.
If the demon who gulled you so badly would walk the whole world, he could return to the vast Tartar and tell the legions “I can never win a soul as easy as that Englishman’s.” Oh
If the Turkish fleet isn’t protected and embayed, they’re drowned.
If this simple syllogism will serve you, then.
If you’re a devil, I can’t kill you.
If that doesn’t suffice, I’ll be forced to pay it ten times more for my hands, my head, my heart.
If you were Sir Rowland’s son, as you’ve whispered faithfully, and as my eyes see his effigies live in your face, be truly welcome here.
If we had no reason to be able to make a different sense of our lives, we would have to make our own conclusions.
If the cat is kind, then Rosalind will.
If the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating coxcomb, is it possible, you think, that we should also, look at you, be an ass and a fool and a prating
If the English had any misunderstanding, they would run away.
If the heavens were happy, we’d have ended so soon!
If the poor spirit has such a good house, good things will be able to live with it.
If the matter of this paper is true, you have a lot of business to do.
If the matter were good, my lord, I would swear it were his.
If the Prince is too important, tell him everything is measured, and then dance out the answer.
If they were merely a word, they would be as innocent as the grace itself.
If that friend asks why Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my answer: not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
If they were able to slack you, we could control them.
If true lovers have ever crossed the line, then it’s a decree of destiny.
If there’s anything good to do that can help you, speak to me.
If there’s any obstacle, please find out.
If there’s any in this assembly, any dear friend of Caesar’s, I say to him that Brutus’s love for Caesar was not less than his.
If there’s more, more sorrowful, keep it in.
If there’s truth in sight, you’re my daughter.
If there’s truth in sight, you’re my Rosalind.
If they come out of truth—as on you, Macbeth, their speeches shine—why, by the truth, they’ve made good for you, don’t they be my oracles as well, and set
If there were no more women than Fulvia, then you would have a cut, and the case to be ruined.
If they refuse to come, then go to my husbands.
If they see you, they’ll murder you.
If they do this, as if God pleases, then my ransom will be refunded soon.
If they’ve done this deed, my noble lord— If?
If they don’t make you the better answer, you can say they’re not the men you took them for.
If they say nothing about her, they’ll tear her up.
If they suffer our departure, then death is the word.
If they’re fighting with us, ask them to come down or leave the field.
If they don’t do anything, we’ll come to them and make them skirr away as swift as the stones that were thrown from the old assyrian slings.
If this is known, Cassius or Caesar will never turn back, because I’ll kill myself.
If this is not what you’re looking for, I’ll tell you nothing more, but please, Bianca, goodbye forever and a day.
If that’s true, why do you blame me for love you?
If that’s true, why do you blame me for love you?
If this fall into your hand, turn your hand.
If this letter doesn’t move him, his legs can’t.
If this is a vision of the Island, I’ll lose one dear son twice.
If this unnatural forest gives you anything savage, I’ll either be food for it or bring it to you.
If this were played on a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
If this were true, then I’d know this secret.
If this young gentleman has offended me, I’ll blame you.
If you’re blaming it for shame, then you’ll be blaming it on me, and then you’ll be frolicing!
If you and nature can make such a difference, death is like a lover’s pinch, which hurts and is desired.
If you’re she, tell me where is that son who floated with you on the fatal raft?
If you ask me why, my reasons are both good and heavy.
If you’re as poor as a king, you’re poor enough.
If you’re not immortal, look at you.
If you’re Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
If you’re Trinculo, come out.
If you can love a fellow of this temper, Kate, whose face isn’t worth sunburning, who never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there, let your eyes be your cook.
If you can love me for this, take me.
If you think about the matter rightly, Caesar has had great wrong.
If you dare to tempt me further, draw your sword.
If you like to see your evil deeds, look at this pattern of your butcheries.
If you ever held me in your heart without you from a moment of praise, and in this harsh world you’re in pain to tell my story.
If you ever loved your dear father— Oh God!
If you did it, you’d be the nonpareil.
If you find him a bit irritable to us, encourage him and show him all our reasons.
If you do, I’ll never love you again.
If you love a fair Hero, cherish it, and I’ll break with her and her father, and you’ll have her.
If you love me, show me your thoughts.
If you play with him at any game, you’ll lose, and he beat you by beating you.
If you doubt it, you can go from my shoulder to my heel without running more than my head and my neck.
If you entertain my love, let it appear in your smiling face.
If you follow him, you’ll have to wear my coxcomb.—How are you, uncle?
If you had feared to break an oath by Him, your imperial metal circling your head had graced my child’s tender temples, and both the princes had been breathing here.
If you have any sound or voice, speak to me.
If she doesn’t have her in the end, call me “Cut.” If I don’t, never trust me, take it like you want.
If you have nature in you, don’t bear it.
If you’ve killed Lysander in his sleep, you’re a man who’s soaked in blood, and you’re going to plunge in the deep, and kill me too.
If you kill me, boy, you’ll kill a man.
If you’re more murmuring, I’ll turn an oak and peg you in his knotty entrails until you’ve walked away twelve winters.
If you don’t like me, I’ll give you my life.
If you read this, Caesar, you can live.
If you’re not the one who ever scolded you, you haven’t loved.
If you remember what happened before you came here, you may remember how you came here.
If you say that, villain, you’ll kill your mistress.
If you say that, then you can go back and prove it too.
If you’re false, you’ll hang alive on the next tree until the famine clings to you.
If you take more or less than a pound, be it just as light or heavy in the substance or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple—if you turn the scale only in the estimation of a hair
If you’re not going to Desdemona the next night, take me out of this world with treachery and devise my life plans.
If you were my fool, my nuncle, I’d have you beaten for being old before you.
If you want to lend this money, don’t lend it to your friends, because when did friendship take a breed for a barren metal from his friend?
If you’re going to need to do it yourself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.
If you’re weeping my fortunes, take my eyes.
If you want to have such a man, take me.
If you vanishes like that, you tell the world that it’s not worth leaving.
If your greatness will revenge it on him—for I know you dare, but this thing doesn’t dare—that’s certainly true.
If you can’t forgive your revenge, Lo, here I give you this sharp-pointed sword, which if you want to hide in this true breast and let the soul of you go, I lay it naked to the deadly
If your speech is sooth, I don’t care if you do it for me as much.
If you leave until the end of your month, you’ll return and stay with my sister, leaving half your train, then I’ll come to me.
If you’ve done the things you gave you in charge, you’ll be happy then, because it’s done.
If I’m trembling then, protest me to the baby of a girl.
If we’re like you in the rest of the world, we’ll look like you in that.
If we’re marked to die, we’re enough to do our country’s loss.
If we’re not relieved within an hour, we’ll have to return to the guard’s court.
If we lose this battle, then this is the last time we’ll speak together.
If we meet again, we’ll smile.
If we meet again, then we’ll smile.
If we all grow to be pork-eaters, we’ll have a rasher on the coals in the coming days for money.
If we know him as a thief, shouldn’t we give him hands?
If we’re wrong, it’s with our good will.
If we don’t walk in the mud, our petticoats will catch them.
If we can’t defend our own doors against the dog, let’s be worried, and our nation loses the name of hardness and policy.
If he isn’t what he might be, I wish he were in heaven!
If I have intelligence or know my own desires, if I don’t dream or be frantic—I don’t trust I am—and I’m not, dear uncle, I’ve never been as intelligent as I
If it’s possible, Sweet Blunt, make some good means to speak with him and give him this very important note.
If wolves had walked at your gate that night, you should have said, “Good porter, turn the key,” and all the cruèls else were a part of the conversation.
If you’re so fond of her iniquity, give her permission to offend her, because if it doesn’t touch you, it’s close to nobody.
If you’re gentlemen, do me this right: listen to me with patience.
If you’re not insane, go away.
If you’re happy, go back to my cell and go back there.
If you’re happy with this and hold your fortune for your bliss, turn you to where your lady is and claim her with a loving kiss.”
If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter I love passing well.
If you can separate yourself from your misdemeanors, you’re welcome to the house.
If you can, what do you think?
If you can’t, give thanks to me for your long life and make yourself ready in your cabin for the hour, if it’s so hap.—Cheerly, good hearts!—Out of our way,
If you choose the place where I am, then we’ll be solemnized.
If you choose that, then I’ll be yours withal.
If you’re not able to do anything like that, you’ll do well.
If you dare to fight today, come to the field.
If you refuse, let the danger light your charter and your city’s freedom.
If you deny me, please obey your law— Venice has no force in its decrees.
If you deny them, all the land will ruin it.
If you want the spleen to laugh and get a laugh, follow me.
If you wore a beard on your chin, I’d shake it on this fight.
If you married my sister for her wealth, then for her wealth’s sake, use her with more kindness.
If you fight against your country’s enemies, your country’s fat will pay you the hire.
If you fight to protect your wives, your wives will welcome home the conquerors.
If you free your children from the sword, your children’s children will leave it in your age.
If you love me, you’ll find me.—Nerissa and the rest of you, stay quiet.
If you love Rosalind as much as you cry out, when your brother marries Aliena, you’ll marry her.
If you meet Horatio and Marcellus, the rivals of my watch, ask them to hurry.
If you don’t, if I’m left alone, now, I’ll have that doctor for my bedfellow.
If you’re sad about my grief in love, you’re both exterminated by giving love.
If you’re going abroad, go armed.
If you sweat to put down a tyrant, you’ll sleep peacefully, the tyrant being killed.
If you’re going on this journey, you’ll kill yourself.
If you’re getting angry with me, Pistol, I’ll scour you with my rapier, as I can, in fair terms.
If you had known the virtue of the ring, or half the worth of the ring that gave it to you, or your own honor to contain the ring, you wouldn’t have parted with the ring.
If you have any music that can’t be heard, then go back.
If you have any pity, grace, or manners, you wouldn’t want to make me argue that.
If you’ve lost him, why, I’ve lost him too.
If you have poison for me, I’ll drink it.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
If you knew my business, you’d ask me to go and stay.
If you like to report the soil, the profit, and this kind of life, I’ll be your faithful servant and buy it with your gold right now.
If you love her then, tomorrow wed her.
If you mark Alexander’s life well, Harry of Monmouth’s life is coming after it well, because there are figures in everything.
If you meet the Prince in the night, you can stay with him.
If you’re insulting him, I’ll defend you for him.
If you’re out of my honor and in my greatness, you’ll die.
If you pardon us, we’ll change.
If you poison us, don’t we die?
If you prick us, don’t we bleed?
If you’re a mutineer, the next tree will be the tree.
If you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment, the fear of your adventure would help you to pursue a more equal enterprise.
If you say something, I hope you won’t kill me.
If you cleave to my consent, when it’s time, it’ll honor you.
If you send them a message that you won’t come, their minds may change.
If you’re going to die before him, where’s her snoring?
If you swear, my lord, you won’t be swore.
If you’re well-behaved, bring them to Baynard’s Castle, where you’ll find me accompanied with reverend fathers and well-learned bishops.
If you tickle us, don’t we laugh?
If you went in pain, master, this knave would go sore.
If you come to me—for now I’m spying on a danger—I ask you to bring only five and twenty.
If you tell your lady I’m here to speak with her, and bring her with you, it’ll awaken my bounty.
If you want to live, be sorry.
If you don’t want to murder me for my love, let me be your servant.
If you don’t want to, come here when you’re ready for it.
If you’re dancing in our round and watching our moonlights, go with us.
If you want to see it, follow me.
If you want to take a homely man’s advice, don’t be found here.
If you watch him go from here (which I’ll make up for to fall out between twelve and one), you can take him to your satisfaction.
If you want to conjure her, you have to make a circle.
If you want to know what happened, look at me.
If you didn’t, it would be a good sign that I could have a new father quickly.
If you’re only trying to examine the wars of Pompey the Great, I assure you, there’s no tiddle toddle or pibble babble in Pompey’s camp.
If you’re going to supper tonight, you may.
If you’re going to fight, you have to fight it together, but it won’t be with this.
If you sit down, I’ll keep your logs.
If you’re enjoying your leisure, I’d like to speak with you.
If your love doesn’t convince you to come, don’t let me write my letter.” Oh love, send all your business and go away!
If your Majesties remember it, the Welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks grew, wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps, which, you know, is an honorable badge of service to you.
If your master wants a queen to beg him, you have to tell him that a queen must beg no less than a kingdom.
If you would, Duke of Burgundy, have the peace you want, which will give you the strength to your imperfections, then you have to buy that peace with all our just demands, whose tenors and particular effects
If she has resisted the riots of your followers, she’ll be on such a solid ground as to protect her from all blame.
Ill luck, ill luck?
I’ll rest in the room where you’re sitting!
I’d like to talk more about you.
Ill will never say anything well.
Illo, ho, ho, my lord!
Take it.
I’m anxious about my absence, and I’m sad that young Octavius and Mark Antony have made themselves so strong—for with her death that tidbits came—with this she fell away and,
Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay, could stop a hole to keep the wind away.
I’m a snub!
In a false fight, there’s no true valor.
In all these circumstances I’ll instruct you.
They’re asleep in bed while they dream about it.
He sees himself in both my eyes—in each eye, one.
In short, since the season is approaching, prepare your battle early in the morning and put your fortune into the battle of bloody strokes and mortal-staring war.
I’m telling you, Sorrow would be a rarity most beloved if all could become it.
Caesar’s fleet are those who have often fought against Pompey.
In cases of defense, it’s best to weigh the enemy more powerful than he seems.
In cash, most just paid.
I’ll have to draw my sword on you.
We’ll not discuss what was best for us.
Give him the way to each other.
In every good thing.
Isn’t there a man in the world who will wear his cap with suspicion?
He’s incompetent, and yet his trespass, in our common reason (save that, they say, the wars must make example out of her best) is not a fault for a private
You’re a good man, lady.
I swear, my hand didn’t mean anything to my sword.
I swear, my lord, not me.
She’s too scolded.
They’re as heartfelt as we are.
In food, in sports, and in life-preserving rest, to be disturbed would be a mad or a man or a beast.
In God’s name, speak.
What are you doing in God’s name?
In good time, sir, what’s that?
In great measure.
Here comes the duke himself in a happy time.
I’m here, Iago.
Good time.
She’s my happiness and yours.
He has a hope of government, which, in his absence, will be governed by him, and he will, in his full and ripened years, never be afraid to govern.
You’re in your comfort.
He is.
In his throne?
He walked in his livery with crowns and crownets.
He’s exalting himself more than you’re adding.
In his tail.
In his tongue.
You’ve heard me say my daughter isn’t for you.
In honor of love.
In Kent, my liege, the Guilfords are in arms, and every hour more rebels are fighting, and their power grows strong.
In love?
It’s bad in me, in you it’s been good service.
I’m sure she’s the sweetest lady I’ve ever looked at.
I’ll bet you’re very serious about Beatrice.
In my room there’s a book.
I’m in my mind, Horatio.
In my school days, when I lost one shaft, I shot his fellow out of the same way with more adolescent watches to find the other.
I’m above you in my stars, but don’t be afraid of greatness.
I’ve changed everything except my clothes.
Claribel found her husband at Tunis, and Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife, where he was lost himself, Prospero, his dukedom in a poor island, and all of us, ourselves, when
In Orsino’s bosom.
I’d rather dissuade him, but he won’t be beaten.
Let’s put it in practice now.
In praising Antony, I’ve dispraised Caesar.
In private?
I like it very much, but I like it very much, because it’s private, and it’s a very vile life.
I’m sad, cousin, I love a woman.
If you say that, you’ll only say the truth.
In Sicyon.
In some bush?
I don’t know why I’m so sad.
I think you’re still in your heart.
In such a night as this, when the wind kissed the trees and didn’t make noise, in such a night, Troilus thinks the Trojan walls were mounted and sighed his soul toward the Grecia
In such a night as this!
In such a night, pretty Jessica, like a little shrew, slander her love, and he forgave it for her.
In such a night, young Lorenzo swear he loved her well, scolding her with many vows of faith, and not a true one.
In such a night, shut me out!
In such a time as this, it’s not possible to make a comment on every nice offense.
I was born in Syracusa, and wed a woman happy for me, and by me, we would have not had a bad day.
In the corrupted world, the gilded hand of the offense may be shoved by justice, and it’s often seen that the wicked prize itself buys out the law.
I stand in the great hand of God, and then I fight against the unintended pretense of treasonous malice.
In the meantime, I’ll draw a list of properties that we want to play.
In the meantime, let me be that I am, and not try to change me.
In the meantime, let me be thought too busy about my fears—as worthy reason I have to fear myself—and hold her free, I beg your honor.
In the most high and palmy state of Rome, a little before the mightiest Julius fell, the graves stood empty and the dead squeak and gibber in the Roman streets as stars with fire and blood de
In the name of the world there is a moiety.
In the same figure as the king who’s dead.
I met him in the street, and he was that gentleman.
In the wars.
I’m going to say that, and that’s the point, I’ll say that you’re talking about the military discipline.
There’s not a half hour of life in you.
In this last moment.
What have you heard her say in this slumbery, out of walking and other real performances, at any time?
In this time of the night?
I’m a slanderous, honest man, but I can’t be denied that I’m a slanderous villain.
In those savors, they live in the savors.
In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
You’re in your foul throat.
We hate things that we often fear.
It’s morning.
I think I should, and then I’ll die when I’m done.
I don’t think you would.
I know it’s a sin to be a mocker, but he!—why, he’s a better horse than the Neapolitan’s, a better bad habit of frowning than
In Venice, they let God see the pranks they dare not show their husbands.
You did.—My bones show that since then he has felt the vigour of his rage.
In the way of voice, well spoken, free, learned, and valiant, and in the way of nature, a gracious person.
You’ll say a beggar nay.
In what chapter of his life?
In what part of her body is Ireland?
What, my dear lord?
In which array, brave soldier, lies he lying, larding the plain, and by his bloody side, he spits his honorable wounds, and the noble earl of Suffolk lies.
In that regard,
I’d like to ask you your name.
In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words.
Are you in your dumps?
In your own kingdom, sir.
We’re in, or we’re spoiled.
Innocent people, you can’t guess who caused your father’s death.
He’s not fit.
She’s a very fresh and delicate creature.
Indeed, he has an excellent reputation.
Yes, he is.
He plied them both with excellent praise.
I’m not a mourner for that news, because they’ve been my adversaries.
I’ll never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him—dead—is my poor heart for a king.
I wish I had asked you before.
Yes, sirs, but this is a problem for me.
It’s a strange time.
Yes, my lord, it followed hard.
Indeed, my lord, it’s a very absolute and excellent horse.
Yes, my lord, you made me believe that.
Yes, sweet love, I was coming to your house.
That’s true, it’s out of the air.
The French can give twenty French crowns to one of them, because they bear them on their shoulders.
They’re really disproportioned.
The senators will decide tomorrow to establish Caesar as a king, and he will wear his crown on sea and land in every place except here in Italy.
Yes, on my sword.
Yes!
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Yes, really?
Infect her beauty, you fen-sucked fog drawn by the powerful sun to fall and blister!
Infer that this alliance will give England fair peace.
I’m not sure what to do!
Infirmity, which decays the wise, makes the better fool.
Tell her all about my particular fears, and add those that might make her feel as if you’re a bit more worried.
Did they know”?
He’s a gratifying fox.
You’re more hideous when you show you in a child than the sea monster.
Ink and paper, Charmian.
Ask me some poor gentleman who I’ll marry straight to Clarence’s daughter.
Ask the Jew’s house.
Let’s talk briefly.
You’re hiding somewhere.
Give the Prince and Claudio a kind of zeal, as in love with your brother’s honor, who made this match, and his friend’s reputation, who is like a semblance of a mai
I’ll turn my mercy out of the door and make a stockfish of you.
Divide one man into a thousand pieces and make a sanity.
I’ve forgotten a thousand.
I’ll go to my grave.
What dangers would you lead me, Cassius, that you’d have me to seek out for something that doesn’t belong to me?
Get me out of my bed.
Invoke his warlike spirit and your great-uncle’s Edward the Black Prince, who played a tragedy on the French ground, making France’s full power while his mighty father on a hill Stood smiling
Iras, goodbye.
Is it coming to this?
Is it coming to this?
Is it far away you’re riding?
Is it a stale story that tries to get worse?
Is it gone?
Is it good or bad?
Is that the lead contained in her?
Is it long or round?
Is it lost?
Isn’t it being denied against us?
Isn’t it enough, isn’t it enough, young man?
Isn’t Hortensio?
Isn’t it perfect to let him leave with this arm?
Isn’t it strange?
Isn’t the king?
Isn’t it well done?
Isn’t that your trick?
Is it possible that you would like her if you were so young?
Is it possible you’ll leave tonight?
Is it possible, Litio, that mistress Bianca isn’t a good friend, but he’s not Lucentio?
Is it possible, my lord?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Is it so sane?
Is that true?
Is that true?
Is that true, my lords of England?
Is it true, is it true?
Is that true?
Is all our company here?
Is all the advice we have shared, the sisters’ vows, the hours we’ve spent when we sat on the waiting table for us to join us—oh, is it all forgotten?
Is everything ready for the royal time?
Is Antony or we responsible for this?
Has Banquo gone to court?
Is Brutus sick?
Is Caesar yet to go to the Capitol?
Is Cassius near?
Is Clarence dead?
Is Claudio your enemy?
Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?
Is he alone?
Is he a man?
Is he coming home yet?
Is he coming?
Is he dead?
Is he gone and has nothing to do with?
Is he gone?
Is he married?
Isn’t he a profane and liberal counselor?
Isn’t he able to pay the money?
Isn’t he a villain who has slandered, scorned, dishonored my mother?
Isn’t he here?
Isn’t he honest?
Isn’t he jealous?
Isn’t he a light of mind?
Is he God’s making?
Is he going to be arrested?
Is he well shipped?
Is he well?
Is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard?
He’s in his retirement and is a wonderful man.
Is ink and paper ready?
Is it a custom?
Is it a man?
Is it true?
Is it a world to hide virtues in?
Is that the answer?
Is it coming to this?
Is it possible that he will be Protector?
Is it true?
Is that true?
Is it appropriate, the three-dimensional world divided, that he should stand one of the three to share it?
Is it for him you envy me so much?
Is it four o'clock?
Is it good?
Is it his use?
Is it honest in word and deed?
Is it my mother?
Is it old and new?
Isn’t it all that important to say about this—a long time in nature that leaves the history unspoken that it intends to do?—My lord of Burgundy, what do you say to the
Isn’t it as if this mouth should tear this hand for lifting food to it?
Isn’t it hard, Nerissa, that I can’t choose one or refuse none?
Isn’t it Hero?
Isn’t it like the king?
Isn’t it past two o'clock?
Isn’t it strange, Canidius, that he could cut the Ionian sea so quickly and take Toryne?—You’ve heard about it, sweet?
Is it possible a cur can lend three thousand ducats?” Or should I bend low and say this in a bondman’s key with bated breath and whispering humbleness:
Is it possible dat I sould love de enemy of France?
Is it possible that any villainy is so dear?
Is it possible?
Is it so brave?
Is it so long?— Call out the holy father.
Is it so nominated in the contract?
Is that true, countrymen?
Is it the way fathers should have so little mercy on their flesh?
Is it them?
Is it two days ago that I tripped your heels up and beat you before the king?
Is it a record, or has he rewritten it from time to time?
Is it reasonable and compassable?
Is it your dear friend who’s in trouble?
Is it your own inclination?
Is love a tender thing?
Is my father well?
Is my lord angry?
Is my lord well, that he’s speaking so wide?
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Isn’t marriage honorable in a beggar?
Isn’t that the man who lies on the ground?
Isn’t that him?
Isn’t that neighborly?
Isn’t that strange?
Isn’t the leaf turned down where I left reading?
Isn’t the sun pale, killing their fruit with frowns?
Isn’t this buckled well?
Isn’t this man jealous?
Isn’t this something more than fantasy?
Isn’t Stephano, my drunken butler?
Isn’t this the day Hermia should answer her question?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that true?
Isn’t that all right?
Isn’t tomorrow the ides of March, boy?
Isn’t your husband crazy?
Isn’t your lord honorable without marriage?
Isn’t my doublet as fresh as the first day I wore it?
It’s become a god, and Cassius is a wretched creature and must bend his body if Caesar scolded him.
Is Romeo killed, and Tybalt dead?
Is Rosaline, whom you loved so much, so soon forsaken?
Is she as tall as me?
Isn’t she a modest young lady?
Isn’t she right?
Isn’t she proud?
Is she shrill-tongued or low?
Is she as a shrew as she’s reported?
Is she going to be buried in a Christian burial when she will seek her own salvation?
Is Signior Lucentio inside, sir?
Is the dinner ready, the house trimmed, the house swept, the servants swept in their new fustian, their white stockings, and every officer has his wedding garment on it?
Is that something?
Is that his answer?
Is that my prize?
Is that the necklace you promised me today?
Is that the law?
Is that the meaning of “accost”?
Is that the naked man?
Is that the most important thing?
Is that true?
Is the chair empty?
Is the day so young?
Is the duke of Exeter safe?
Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?
Is the king a good man?
Is the single man blessed?
Is the storm overblown?
Is the sword unwayed?
Is there a murderer here?
Is there any reason to make these hard hearts so hard?
Is there any man who has rebused your Worship?
Is there any ships on board tonight?
Is there any way to show such friendship?
Is there a division between my lord and Cassio?
Is there more work to do?
Isn’t there any offense in it?
Isn’t there any respect for you, people, or time?
Is there any woman here to give me?
Isn’t there any charm that can be used to steal the property of youth and motherhood?
Is this a dagger I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
Is this a holiday?
Is this a prologue or a ring?
Is that true?
Is this face Hero’s?
Is this the king we sent to for his ransom?
Is this the madman?
Is this the monument of Leonato?
Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate calls sufficient?
Is this the sneezing for my aching bones?
Is this the Prince?
Is this the Prince’s brother?
Is this true?
Is this true?
Is this well done?
Is this your speeding?
Is your master coming?
Is your master stirring?
Is your name Tyrrel?
Is your name William?
Is your news good or bad?
Is your union here?
Is he over here?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?
Is your man secret?
Are you changing your humor?
Is your name Goneril?
Is your name Shylock?
I’m a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal.
It’s only about your ear.
It’s a good idea to go away with it, as if it were a gift to you alone.
It’s better to be the throned monarch than his crown.
It starts “Hold your peace.” I’ll never begin if I hold my peace.
It came from the heart of—oh, she’s dead!
It can’t be that you’ve murdered him.
It can’t be that she has done you wrong.
It can’t be.
It can’t be.
It can’t be.
It can’t be.
It can’t be.
It’s coming to me.—Do you have any thing?
It’s a little chilly.
It always seemed so to us.
It did sound like a trespass.
He did come to his hands, and commands will be executed.
It did, it did.
It’s true, my boy.
It’s true, my lord.
It seems you’re a worthy judge.
It doesn’t fit me.
It drops as gentle as the rain from heaven on the ground.
It eats and sleeps and has the same senses as we have, such.
It faded on the crowing of the cock.
It fell on a little western flower, before milk-white, now purple with love’s wound.
Then the cat must stay home.
It’s great to see you here before me.
It’s not going forward.
It hangs like a flax on a sand.
It’s harrowing me with fear and wonder.
It’s been taught from the primal state that the man who was wished until he were, and the ebbed man who never loved until he was worth love, has come to be deared by being 
It’s been the emptying of the happy throne and the fall of many kings.
It’s made me mad.
It doesn’t have any tongue to vex you.
It hasn’t appeared.
It’s the eldest curse on it, a brother’s murder.
It’s “music with her silver sound,” because musicians don’t have gold to sound.
It’s “never tire.” Oh.
It’s a beast for Perseus.
It’s a charitable duty of mine.
It’s a business that’s a bit sane.
It’s a common thing— Ha?
It’s a creature that drew on Cassio, as it’s the plague of the strumpets to beguile many and beguiled by one.
It’s a fault that comes from your eyes.
It’s a good divine who follows his own instructions.
It’s a great price for a small snub.
It’s a flood.
It’s a hint that wrings my eyes to it.
It’s a kind of history.
It’s a letter from my brother that I haven’t read all the time.
It’s a man’s job, but not yours.
It’s a wheel fixed on the summit of the highest mountain, to which ten thousand lesser things are buried and buried.
It’s a monster that’s born on itself.
It’s a very sharp sauce.
It’s a nipping and an eager air.
It’s a smear, a custard-coffin, a bauble, a silk pie.
It’s a poison that’s been tempered by himself.
It’s a pretty young man—not very pretty—but he’s sure he’s proud—and yet his pride becomes him.
It’s a witty world, my lord, and I believe it won’t stand upright until Richard wears the garland of the realm.
It’s a tale written by an idiot, full of sound and fury, and not a signifying sign.
It’s a theme as fluent as the sea.
It’s a wise father who knows his own child.
It’s almost morning, and yet I’m sure you’re not satisfied with all of these events.
It’s a habit for her to seem like washing her hands.
It’s an honor that I don’t dream of.
It’s as easy as lying.
It’s backed like a weasel.
It’s both him and her: your son and daughter.
It’s Brabantio.
It’s only change, Titinius, because Octavius is overthrown by noble Brutus, as Cassius’s legions are by Antony.
It’s just trash.
It’s called Wye at Monmouth, but it’s out of my pranks, the name of the other river.
It’s Captain Macmorris, isn’t it?
It’s been concluded.
It’s determined, not yet concluded, but it must be if the king’s miscarrying.
If it is proved against an alien that he is seeking the life of any citizen by direct or indirect attempts, the party will take half of his goods.
It’s true.
It’s gone.
It’s good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb.
It’s good to grow.
It’s here, Hamlet.
It’s heresy.
It’s his handwriting, my lord, but I hope his heart doesn’t matter.
It’s his job.
It’s hypocrisy against the devil.
It’s impossible they’re going to bear it out.
It’s impossible to see this, if they were as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys, as salt as wolves in pride, and fools as gross as drunken ignorance.
It’s impossible.
It’s a cold, my lord, indeed.
It’s just as high as it is, and it’s moving with its own organs.
It’s meat and drink to me to see a clown.
It’s just a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.
It’s more worthy to leap in ourselves than to tarry until they push us.
It’s much that the Moor should be more than just reason.
It’s my arm.
It’s my birthday.
It’s my day, my life.
It’s my duty, sir.
It’s my style when I see a crab.
It’s my lady.
It’s my promise, and they expect it from me.
It’s my wretched fortune.
It’s important that you plan the season for your own harvest.
It’s not a joke to say we’re.
He has no hidden virtue.
It’s not as witty as it is, so it’s eloquent and full of invention.
It doesn’t matter.
It doesn’t matter.
It’s no good to be seated in the middle of the room.
It’s not shameful.
It’s not daybreak.
It’s not daybreak.
It’s not for you.
It’s not your health to commit your weak condition to the cold morning.
It’s not friendly, it’s not a girl.
I don’t have the honesty to speak about what I’ve seen and heard.
It’s not lost, but what if it were?
It’s not true that you know how much Caesar loved you.
It’s not moonlight now.
It isn’t, and it can’t come to good, but break my heart, because I have to hold my tongue.
It’s not possible.
It’s not seen enough, but you should wear it in your cap.
It’s not so clear, but what about that?
It’s not very strange.
It’s not good to take the stories out of my mouth before it’s finished.
It’s not yet day.
It’s now high suppertime, and the night has turned into a waste.
It’s two o'clock now.
It’s offended.
It’s a danger that you were saved yourself.
It’s been proved that my Lady Hero has been falsely accused, the Prince and Claudio have been abused, and Don John is the author of all, who has fled and gone.
It’s as broad as it has.
It’s true too.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It’s some meteor that the sun is telling you to be a torchbearer this night and light you on your way to Mantua.
It’s something of my negligence, nothing of my purpose.
It’s the best horse in Europe.
It’s the sun that’s blessed.
It’s the bright day that brings the adder back to the house and that craves a quiet walk.
It’s the cry of women, my good lord.
It’s the devil.
It’s the east, and Juliet’s the sun.
It’s the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and utterly utter prerogatives and laws of the wars aren’t kept.
It’s the green-eyed monster who mocks the meat it feeds.
It’s the lady Pyramus must love.
It’s the lark that sings so out of tune, preventing harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
It’s more like being feigned.
It’s the most impenetrable curfew ever kept by men.
It’s the part of men to fear and tremble when the mighty gods send such terrible heralds to amaze us.
It’s the prince of palfreys.
It’s the quality of the climate.
It’s the right woman’s rank to sell.
It’s the rival of my love.
It’s the wittiest partition I’ve ever heard, my lord.
It’s to be made of faith and service, and so am I for Phoebe.
It’s to be all made of fantasy, all made of passion and all made of wishes, all adoration, duty, and respect, all humbleness, all patience and impatience, all purity, all trial, all respect
It’s all about being made of sighs and tears, and so am I for Phoebe.
It’s too hard for me to knot a knot!
It’s too heavy for your Grace to wear it.
It’s too late.
It’s too rough, too rude, too boisterous, and it’s pricking like a thorn.
It’s too true.
It blesses the man who gives and the man who takes.
It’s very hot.
It’s very sultry—as it was—I can’t tell how.
It’s very true.
It’s well done and fitting for a princess who’s been ruled by so many royal kings.
It’s good.
It’s good.
It’s worth the pains.
It’s written that shoemaker should go with his yard and tailor with his last, the fisherman with his pencil and the painter with his nets.
It’s young Orlando who tripped up the wrestler’s heels and your heart in an instant.
It’s your music, madam, of the house.
It is, and it wants to be renamed.
It is, it is.
It is, my lord.
It is.
It is.
It’s going to give over.
It’s in you.
It looks a little paler.
It makes me mad.
It makes us, or it makes us.
It may be his enemy is a gentleman of great kind, even if he’s not a man.
I may be able to bring you to my brother Cassius by and by business.
It may be, my lord.
It may be worth your pains, because I can sing and speak to him in many different ways that will make me very worthy of his service.
It may be that these apparent prodigies, the unaccustomed terror of this night, and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him out of the Capitol today.
It may be, very similar.
It may well be called Jove’s tree when it drops such fruit out.
It might have been a good idea that we’d repay what we took from them, which, for traffic’s sake, most of our city did.
It might, my lord.
It would be nice to him to make a staff to go on with.
It must appear in other ways than words, so I’ve snuck up this courtesy.
It must be Nay, but listen to me, Goodman Delver— Give me permission.
It must be by his death, and I don’t know any reason to insult him, but for the general.
He must know soon from England what’s going on there.
It must be, because miracles have been stopped, and therefore we have to admit the way things are perfected.
It must be thought about.
It must be your imagination, not theirs.
It must be delicate and delicate.
I invite you all to join me in my galley.
It’s coming to night now.
It’s only our lives to use our strongest hands.
It’s your Worship to say that, but we’re the poor duke’s officers.
It’s not true.
It’s a good idea, but it’s a bad idea to perform.
It’s ripening towards it.
It seemed she was a queen over her passion, who, most rebel-like, strove to be king for her.
It seems he’s taken great care of his wife.
It seems not to be a good idea to be sane to me, or to be a good idea to be sane (if I stay, I will) against the Moor.
It seems you’re insulting me.
I’m sure we’re still sleeping, dreaming.
It’s rarely a victim of sorrow.
It will benefit more than do us wrong.
It will benefit you more than ever, as the letter was written.
It’s not a bottom.
It will be done, my lord.
It will be done.
It will be done.
It’s been said that his judgment ruled our hands.
It will be seven years before I go to horse.
It will be.
It will be to your benefit, because my father’s house and all the money that was Sir Rowland’s estate will be inherited from you, and here live and die a shepherd.
It will do well.
It’ll be hard if “Cambio” goes without her.
It won’t lose you anything.
It won’t need it.
It will go to the barber’s with your beard.—Priet, tell me.
It’s everywhere.
It should be—But he’s drowned, and these are devils.
It should seem then that Dobbin’s tail is getting backward.
It’s good, doesn’t it?
It’s good for you to fight.
It’s not a more sane thing, and it’s sure it’s waiting on some god on the island.
It’s too much joy to see you here.
It struck my ear most terribly.
It’s coming near the season, when the spirit waited for him to walk.
It’s touching you as much as me, my lord.
It was a good and fortunate vision.
It was about to speak when the cock crew arrived.
It was divided between her heart and her lips.
It was a great ignorance to let Gloucester live, with his eyes out.
It was the man who made us treasonous, who is too good to pity you.
It was his bid.
I didn’t want to fight with him, but I’ll be so bold as to wear it in my cap until I see him again, and then I’ll tell him a little piece of my desires.
When I arrived and heard you, I saw you making a gap between the pines and let you out.
It was my duty, sir.
It was my turquoise.
It wasn’t brought to me, my lord.
It was ours, you did abuse.
It was some savage.
It was the nightingale, not the lark, that pierced your fearful ear.
It was two years before I left him, and now the clock strikes one.
It was well done, and you’ll sleep again.
It was wont be enough to hold me until twenty people tell me.
It was, as I’ve seen it in his life, a sable silvered sword.
It was, please your highness.
It was.
It’s coming back.
It’s still a wave.
It’s weary me, you say it’s weary you.
It weeps, it bleeds, and every day she’s slain.
It’s good.
It would be better to die than to die with mocks, which is as bad as dying with tickling.
It was a delicate way to shoe a horse with felt.
It would be a tedious task to bring them to that prospect, I think.
It would be a good thing to say that to the Moor.
It would be good that Benedick knew about it by some other person, if she doesn’t know about it.
It’s pity to cast them away for nothing, even if they’re not worthy of anything.
It was too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.
It was a good idea for the general.
It would be a hard job for a maid to get to.
It will rain tonight.
It’ll be short.
It will make you mad, Monsieur Jaques.
It would be a question.
I’d like to do it with more ease, since my good will is to it and yours is against it.
It would make a man insane to be bought and sold so quickly.
It would seem strange to him when he wakes up.
It’s nine o'clock.
It’s dinnertime, my lord.
It’s the wind.
It’s true, lieutenant.
Jailer, look at him.
Jailer, look at him.
James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey, will have the lead of this foot and horse.
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter, Lord Ferrers, Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
I’ll praise Jove and my stars!
Goodbye, master Parson.
Good luck with this!
Thank you, sir!
Jove, Jove, this shepherd’s passion is a big part of my fashion.
The lightning, the precursors of dreadful thunderclaps, were more momentary and sight-outrunning.
Judge me the world if it’s not gross in sense that you have abused her with foul charms, and abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals that weakens her mood.
Judge me, you gods!
Oh gods, how much Caesar loved him!
Judgment?
Juliet!—Fast, I assure her, she.—Why, lamb!
Juno and Ceres whisper quietly.
Just as high as my heart.
Just, just; and the men sympathize with the mastiffs in their brutal and brutal coming on, leaving their wits with their wives.
Just find the girl!
Justice, most sacred duke, against the Abbess.
Kate likes the hazel-twig, straight and slender, and brown as hazelnuts, and sweeter than the kernels.
Katherine’s daughter and with her, to dowry, some petty and unprofitable dukedoms.
Katherine the curse!” That’s the worst title for a maid of all titles.
Keep your eyes closed, I command you.
Keep me calm.
Keep your life peaceful.
Keep your promise, love.
Keep your spirits warm.
Keep your head on the left.
Keep your word.
Keep your cabins.
Keep your purse.
Tell me, Phoebe, that you’ll marry me or else, refusing to marry this shepherd.
Keep your word, Silvius, that you’ll marry her if she refuses me.
Kent was banished so?
Kent, father, sisters!
Kent, on your life, don’t worry.
Kent, sir, the banished Kent, who disguisedly followed his enemy king and did him service as a slave.
Kill Brutus and be honored in his death.
Kill Claudio.
Kill me tomorrow—let me live tonight!
Kill men in the dark!
Kill the poys and the luggage!
Kill!
Have you killed a cat?
Killing swine.
Kind and dear princess!
Kind gentlemen, let’s go see poor Cassio dressed.—Come on, mistress, you have to tell a new story.
Kind gentlemen, I’m going to read them every day.
Dear sister, thanks.
Kind souls, what, are you crying when you see Caesar’s vesture wounded?
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy with your news?
I’ll leave my mind to be as kind as I swore before.
King Lear has lost his daughter and he has lost his daughter.
It’s kings, and kings are kings of more mean creatures.
Kiss him for that, good widow.
Don’t scold me, Portia.
Kneel to the duke before he passes the abbey.
Knock at the gate?
Knock you here, sir?
Knock, I say.
Knock, knock, knock!
Knock, knock!
Knock, sir?
I will know him, I’m sure of it.
Do you know him?
Do I know the men who come with you?
Know me for Brutus!
Know about your youth.
Know the glove!
I know that I came before you here, and that a man was prepared to take this offer, but Mark Antony put me to some impatience.
Now my dear lady, I’ve brought my enemies to this shore.
Do we know this face or not?
Do you know any, count?
Do you know any, Hero?
Do you know whom, sir?
Do you know him?
Don’t you know he has?
Don’t you know the cause?
Do you know some kind of men who are worthy of their graces only serve them as enemies?
Do you know what Caesar wants to do with me?
Do you know where you are, sir?
Claudio, you’ve wronged my innocent child and me so badly that I’ve been forced to give my reverence to you.
I hope I’ll live well tomorrow, and I’ll lead you where I’ll expect victorious life rather than death and honor.
My long lord, the marquess Dorset, as I hear, has fled to Richmond, in the areas where he is.
I know, sir, that I’m called Hortensio.
I’ll never wait until you’re sworn in by your master’s court, and I’ll never be chastised once by the dull Octavia.
Do you know Fluellen?
Do you know Gower?
Do you know his mind?
Don’t you know anyone who’ll kill you by stealing gold?
Don’t you know that I’ve fined my bones for ransom?
Don’t you know the duke has banished me, his daughter?
Do you know the way to Dover?
Do you know the young man who spoke to me before?
Do you know this country?
I’ve been known to these people, and I’ve been disguised!
Labio and Flavio, set our battles on.
Have you wept all this while, Lady Beatrice?
Amen, lady.
Lady, come from that nest of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
Lady, should I lie in your lap?
Lady, were you asleep last night?
Lady, will you walk a bout with your friend?
Lady, you’ve come here to be married to this count?
Lady, you don’t know the rules of charity, which make good for bad, and blessings for curses.
Lady!
Laertes, I have to commune with your grief, or you deny me right.
Last night, when the same star who’s westward from the pole had made his way to the heavens where it’s burning, Marcellus and I, the bell beating one— Peace, break you off.
Last night she slept, and tonight she will not.
The last thing he did, dear Queen, was kissing—the last of many double kisses—this orient pearl.
Don’t Laugh to dissuade the power of man, because none of the women born will harm Macbeth.
Launcelot and I are out.
Give your bitter foe so bitterly.
Lay out the gown.
Give me a hand on heart and advise me.
Hold her on her, hold her on!
Lay her on the earth, and she’ll be able to escape her dark and unpolluted flesh.
Lay on, Macduff, and damn him who first cried, “Hold, enough!” I wish the friends we miss were safe.
Lay them in a gore, since you have shore with shears his thread of silk.
Lay your finger on your finger and let your soul be instructed.
Le chien is retourné à son propre vomissement, and la truie lavée au bourbier.” You’re using anything.
Le Roy?
Lead away.
Lead him to my bower.
Take me away from here.
Lead me on.
Lead me on.
Lead me to my room.
Lead me.
Lead the way.
Lead, monster; we’ll follow.
Lear’s shadow.
Learn it, learn it, marquess.
Learn about the wise and wise: a cat is a baser birth than a cat, a cat that is very unclean.
Leave all the rest to me.
Leave her to heaven and to those thorns that prick and sting her in her bosom lodge.
Leave him to my displeasure.—Edmund, keep your sister company.
Leave holloaing, man.
Leave it to his discretion, and let’s listen to the moon.
Leave me alone to woo him.
Leave me and do what I asked you to do.
Leave me in the rush.
Leave me, please, a little.
Leave me alone, I say.
Leave me alone, Iago.
Leave you your power to draw, and I won’t have any power to follow you.
Leave you alone!
Leave, gentle wax, and, please, don’t blame us.
It’s a slander, sir.
Lechery!
Legged like a man and his fins like arms!
Give me a look-glass.
Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas.
Lend me your handkerchief.
Lend me your hand.
Let’s hear your ear.
Lend your hand and pluck my magic garment from me.
Leonato and his brother.
Leonato, am I standing here?
Lepidus flatters both of them, but he doesn’t love him, and he doesn’t care about him.
Lepidus is high-colored.
You’re less than a wonder of our earth, more than a divine earth.
Less than Macbeth and greater.
If you’re choleric, you’ll need to buy me another dry basting.
Let’s go.
Let’s go, Corporal Nym.
Let all the rest of us give place.
Let’s go.
But the commons should hear this testament—which, pardon me, I don’t want to read—and they’d go and kiss dead Caesar’s wounds and dip their napkins in his sacred blood, Yea,
Let the copulation thrive, because Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to his father than my daughters were tweening the lawful sheets.
Let each of you give me his bloody hand.
Let every eye nogulate for itself and don’t trust any agent, because beauty is a witch whose charms melt into blood.
Every man should be master of his time until seven at night.
Every soldier should hew him down a bough and bear it before him.
Let your blade fall on vulnerable crests.
Let floods o'clock and fiends for food howl on!
Let four captains take Hamlet to the stage like a soldier, because he was likely to have been a royal king if he were put on.
Let go of his arm.
Let go of my hand.
Let go of your sleeve when a great wheel runs down a hill, so it won’t break your neck with following it.
Let go of it, slave, or you die!
Let go of it!
Let good Antonio look at him for his day, or he’ll pay for this.
Let grief turn into anger.
Let heaven and men and devils, let them all cry shame against me, but I’ll speak.
Leave her alone.
Let her be kept in secret for a while and publish that she’s actually dead.
Let her be round with him, and I’ll be placed, please, in the ear of all their meetings.
Let her be yours, because we don’t have any daughter like that, and we won’t see that face again.
Let her hang me.
Let her have your voice.
Tell her.—And he’ll fill your wishes with a lot of sanity.
Let her live to join our kingdoms and our hearts, and never flee off our love again!
Don’t let her say I’m keeping you here.
Don’t let her walk in the sun.
Let her send it.
Let her witness it.
Let him rest for a while.
Let him be alone, because I remember how he’s employed.
Leave him alone.
Let him answer me.—Come on, follow me, boy.
Let him appear to be from Antony.
Let him come.
Let him come.
Let him be Caesar!
Let him be the devil, if he will, I don’t care.
Let him bless you too.
Let him come in.
Let him come when he wants, I won’t deny you anything.
Let him come, and please.
Let him command, and obeying will be my remorse, what bloody business he’s ever had.
He’ll cry, “Praise and glory on his head!” He’ll go back and visit all his host, he’ll give them good morning with a modest smile, and call them brothers, friends, and country
Let him do his job.
Let him fly far.
Let him go and now he prefers Caesar’s suit.
Let him go up to the public seat.
Let him greet England with our sharp defiance.
Let him kill one of them first.
Let him let the matter slip, and I’ll give him my gray horse Capilet.
Let him look at his contract.
Don’t let him come near me.
Don’t let him leave out the color of her hair.
Don’t let him pass, but kill him.
Don’t send him any more—unless you come back to tell me how he takes it.
Let him speak, my lord, if he’s ill, that I haven’t reserved to myself anything.
Let him take you and hoist you up to the shouting plebeians!
Let him thank me for sending him to the holp, because he was fitter for that place than the earth.
Let the man who loves me strike me dead.
Let him write down the Prince’s officer’s “coxcomb.” Come, tie them up.—You naughty varlet!
Let his shame drive him quickly to Rome.
Let housewifery appear.
Let’s see how their wives feel.
Don’t let it alone, you fool.
Let it be a secret.
Let it appear.
Let it be a fight between us, if you live.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be who it is.
Let it be written in eight and eight.
Let it come down.
Let it fall, even though the fork invades my heart.
Let it go all.
Let it go.
Don’t let it go, Brutus.
I’m not sure you’re going to be.
It’s the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard.
Let life be short, and shame will be too long.
Let Lucius and Titinius guard our door.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me ask you one word in private.
Let me be clear of you.
Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all.
Let me be put to death.
Let me be satisfied.
Let me be taint.
Let me be your servant.
Please don’t do so.
I’ll be able to fix it hard, but it will be good within an hour.
I’ll meet you ladies one hour later, and I’ll salute you, your Grace of York, as a mother and reverend looker-on, of two fair queens.
Let me send one question to your daughter, and ask her to answer it by the fatherly and kindly power you have in her.
Let me come to her.
Let me follow you in this slur—I’ll give you my slur to the players, which, I tell you, must show a fair amount of respect for, should be more like entertainment than yours
Let me deal with this.
Let me dispute your fate.
Let me embrace old Vincentio and go see your honest son, who will be happy with your arrival.
Let me endure your wrath if it’s not true.
Let me enjoy my private life.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with you.
Let me go, I say.
Let me go, sir, or I’ll knock you out of the maze.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me have a listener for a word or two.
Let me have the right means to come to them, and I’ll rid you of the fear of them soon.
Let me have surgeons.
Let me have your hand.
Let me hear Agrippa speak more.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hire him too.—Here’s my sneezing.
Let me know.
Let me lick your shoe.
Let me live here forever.
Let me love him for that, and you love him because I do.
Don’t burst in ignorance, but tell me why your canonized bones, heard in death, have burst in their cerebrations.
Don’t let me hinder your desires, Cassius.
Don’t give it to you, you chaste stars, it’s the cause.
Don’t let me stay a jot for dinner.
I don’t want to dwell on this bare island by your spell, since my dukedom has been pardoned by the deceiver, but release me from my band with the help of your good hands.
Let me play the lion too.
Let me ask more questions in particular.
Let me tell him your sweet dependency, and you’ll find a conqueror who will pray for kindness, where he’s kneeled for grace.
Let me say “Amen” in time, so that the devil can cross my prayer, because here he comes in the likeness of a Jew.
Let me see them.
Let me see her.
Let me see his eyes so that when I see another man like him, I can avoid him.
Let me see his face.
Let me see,
Let me see the caper.
Let me see your eyes.
Let me see—what do you think of falling in love?
Let me see, let me see.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Let me shake your hand.
Let me stop that.
Let me sit down.
Let me speak a little.
Let me speak like yourself and write a sentence that can help these lovers.
Let me say proudly: tell the constable we’re only warriors for the working day.
Let me stand here until you remember it.
Let me keep the growth of his beard if you don’t delay me to know his chin.
Let me take away the harms I’m afraid, not take fear.
Cassius, you’re too much condemned to have a slur of palms, to sell and martin your offices for gold to unservers.
Let me wipe it out first.
Let me work.
Let me know what you’re doing.
If I don’t have lands by birth, I’ll have lands by wit.
Listen to music while he chooses.
It’s not fair to think about Rosalind.
Don’t trust any man like that.
Don’t presume to wear an undeserved dignity.
Don’t let my worse spirit tempt me to die again before you please.
Don’t let that doctor come near my house!
Don’t let the heavens hear these sexy women scold the Lord’s scolded lord.
Don’t let the Nurse lie with you in your room.
Don’t let the royal bed of Denmark be a couch for luxury and damned incest.
Let our best heads know that tomorrow we’ll fight the last of many battles.
Let’s catch “You knave.” “Hold your peace, you knave,” knight?
Let our officers know what we’re doing.
Let’s remember our reciprocal vows.
She shook the holy water from her heavenly eyes and moistened her clamor.
Let pride, which she calls plainness, marry her.
Let Rome be informed of that.
Some of my people should care about him.
Let my sorrow split my heart if I hated you or your father ever.
So we need to draw specialties between us so that we can keep both sides of the agreement.
Let the woman take an older woman than herself.
Let the Egyptians and the Phoenicians go a-ducking.
Let that appear later, and I’ll see that I’ll see better at me.
Let’s leave that that leaves itself.
Let that suffice you.
Let the doors be shut on him so he can play the fool no matter where he is.
Let the garden door be closed, and leave me to my hearing.
Let the great gods who keep this terrible pudder on our heads find out their enemies now.
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die, and in the meantime, Laugh at his challenge.
Let the trumpet sound.
Let the world see how he is, and that your death will never come out.
Let their beds be as soft as yours and let their palates be seasoned with such a sour cream”?
Let their heads be slickly combed, their blue coats brushed, and their shins of a different knit.
Let them scolde you.
Let them be hunted well.
Let them start.
Let them come before Master Constable.
Let them come in.
Let them curl with their left legs, and don’t presume to touch a hair from my master’s horse-tail until they kiss their hands.
Let them go.
Don’t let them live to taste this land’s growth, which would wound this fair land’s peace with treason.
Let them play it.
Let them start a fight, because I see Octavius’s wing is a cold one, and a sudden push gives them the overthrow.
Let this be.
Let this fellow be nothing from our fight.
Let this sane hour stand up in the calendar!
Let your blood and spirit embrace them.
Let’s all embrace it.
Let’s be conjunctive in our revenge against him.
Let’s be jocund.
Let’s be sacrificers, but not butchers, Caius.
Let’s be satisfied!
Let’s take him to the court of guard.
Let’s come in so we can bind him fast and bring him home for his recovery.
Let’s deal with it justly.
Let’s die.
Let’s go in, and take us there with us, and we’ll answer all the questions faithfully.
Let’s go sit here on the church bench until two, then go to bed.
Let’s go, because it’s after midnight, and if day comes, we’ll wake him up and be sure of him.
Let’s go.
Let’s hear him.
Let’s hear what Antony can say.
Let’s hear, Bottom.
Let’s leave him.
Don’t break with him, because he’ll never follow anything that other men start.
Don’t burden our memories with a heaviness that’s gone.
Don’t leave him out.
Let’s stay and see it now.
Let’s go offer up our lives on heaps.
Let us live, live our souls, pay our debts, our wives, our children, and pay our sins to the king!
Let’s leave everything and give our vineyards to a barbarous people.
Let’s hold the mortal sword and, like good men, beg our downfall’s birthdom.
Let’s score their backs and snatch them up, as we take hares, behind!
Let’s see.
Let’s look for some shade of shade, and weep our sad bosoms empty.
Let’s sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel so that her gifts can be given equally.
Let’s swear that you’re worthy of your breeding, which I don’t doubt.
Let’s take the law of our sides.
So let’s eat and drink.
Let’s go to the field.
Let’s go to the great supper.
Let’s go to the king.
Let’s go.
Let’s not be without your company, Lepidus.
Let the sane rushes get a little sane.
Witchcraft will join beauty, lust with both.
Leave your epilogue alone.
Let your highness command me to the level of duty I’m able to do with a sleeve that never ends.
Let your wedding be tomorrow.
Let’s all sink into the king’s seat.
Let’s go alone and do the murder first.
Let’s go and get our jewels and our wealth together, and then make the best choice and safest way to hide us from the pursuit that will be made after my flight.
Let’s get ready for a quick meeting and meet up in the hall.
Let’s call for more help to get them back together again.
Let’s make him a dish that’s right for the gods, not hew him as a carcass that’s right for hounds.
Let’s do that.
Let’s draw our weapons.
Let’s follow it, and after we do our work.
Let’s follow the old earl and get the Bedlam to lead him where he would.
Let’s follow him, Gertrude.
Let’s follow them.
Let’s go, good soldier.
Let’s do it, good Grumio.
Let’s not have any more of this, let’s go to our affairs.—Forgive us our sins!—Gentlemen, let’s go to our business.
Let’s have the tongs and the bones.
Let’s hear him, because the things he says may concern Caesar.
Let’s hear it.
Don’t be disciplined, don’t delay, because tomorrow is a busy day, my lords.
Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge, to cure this deadly grief.
Let’s meet as little as we can.
Let’s meet him and get him.
Let’s mock midnight bell.
Don’t go get them.
Let’s see what’s going on.
Let’s see this saying, graved in gold, “Who chooses me will get what many men want.” That’s the lady.
Let’s see these pockets.
Let’s see.
Let’s speak to him.
Let’s stab ourselves.
Let’s stay and hear the will.
Let’s leave him alone.
Let’s talk.
Let’s decide on our actions with the ancient of war.
Let’s think it’s unsafe to come in to the cry without more help.
Let’s go to bed, knight.
Let’s go to billiards.
Let’s be happy tonight at our meal.
Let’s go, my lord.
Letters from Hamlet, my lord.
Liar and slave!
Liberty!
Don’t sleep a night away from home.
Do you lie on her?
Let them be buried on your hand and wiped out by them!
You’re here (throwing down a letter), because here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling.
Go there.
Let her sleep—that’s a bit of a pain.
Do you have a seat with her?
Lie— With her?
Get out of here.—Deliver me the key.
Life and these lips have been separated for a long time.
Life, living, everything is Death’s.
Light is a result of fire, and fire will burn: ergo, light wenches will burn.
I’ll tie it up with my shirt.
Light, I say, light!
Light!
Lights, lights, lights!
Like a drowned man, a fool and a madman.
Like a baby with a midwife.
Like her?
I’m standing as if I’m a good lady, as I’m doubtful whether anything I see is true until you’ve confirmed, signed, ratified.
He was neither sad nor merry at all.
Lips, don’t move; no man must know.”
Listen to a brief story, and when it’s told, oh, my heart will burst!
Listen a minute.
Listen to his rhetoric about war, and you’ll hear a fearful battle played by music.
Listen, listen, listen!
I couldn’t say “Amen,” when they said “God bless us!” Don’t think about it so deeply.
Listen, but don’t speak to it.
“No, no,” again?
Live a little, comfort a little, and cheer yourself a little.
I’ll live a thousand years, but I won’t find myself so apt to die.
You, I live.
Live, and then say that a madman’s mercy told you to run away.
Live, Brutus!
Live, live!
Is he alive, uncle?
Is he alive?
Is my sweet son alive?
Lives, sir.
Oh, you!
Oh, here she comes.
Oh, I lie here, never to rise again.
Oh, on your cheek, the stain is a tear that hasn’t been washed off yet.
Oh, here’s the necklace.
Oh, now, lo!
Oh, she’s one of this confederacy!
Where he comes!
Oh, here it comes again.
Lo, you’re dead, and Titinius mourning it.
Locked in her tomb.
Long live the king!
Love does that.
I’ve been waiting for your husband to serve me in my wars, and I told you to speak with a prince when you made him master of your bed, to do him all the grace and good I could.
He’s been there for a long time.
Longer, longer.
Look behind you, my lord.
Look down, you gods, and on this couple drop a blessed crown, because you’ve sewed the way that brought us here.
Look how he laughs already!
Look at how he’s going to Caesar.
Look at how our partner’s rapt.
Look how the heavens floor is thick and bright.
Look how you dream!
Look how your servants are preparing you, each in his office ready to beckon.
Look, Lord Dorset, as pale as the rest?
Look in my face.
Look in the almanac.
Look in the calendar and bring me word.
Look in on me and speak with me, or I’ll assault you, naked as I am.
Look like a innocent flower, but be the serpent under it.
Look for a good example when the fool delivers the madman.
Look, you’re sweet, and I’m proof against their enmity.
Look at it, I’m telling you.
Look at it.
Look at her, Moor, if you have eyes to see.
Look at my hats and my furniture.
Look at the lady.
Look at the queen there, ho!
Look at your house, your daughter, and your bags!
Look up a horn.
Look at Caesar.
Look what I have.
Look what I’m saying, or do, or think to do, you’re still crossing it.
Look, what’s been done can’t be changed now.
Look, he hasn’t turned his color and has tears in his eyes.—Prie, don’t worry.
Look, he’s coming.
Look, it’s coming again!
Look, she comes.
Look, where the youngest wren of nine comes.
Look, they come.
Look who’s coming here.
Look with your ears.
Do you have any other issue?
Look, here is the man who is surrounded, as you see, by traitors.
Look, you’re a young man and a young man who’s a solemn man.
Look, Cassio and my husband!
If you take the matter out of the way it is meant, Captain Macmorris, I’ll think you don’t use me with that affability as you should use me, look at me, as good a man
Look, sad friends, the gods rebuke me, but it’s a good idea to wash the eyes of kings.
Look, she loved her father Tybalt very much, and so did I.
Look, sir, I was such a person I was present.
Look, the worm isn’t a good thing to trust, but it’s not good.
Look, and you’ll see.
Look, Don Pedro is back to seek you.
Look, he’s recovering.
Look, he’s scolded.
Look, he’s wearing cruel garters.
Look, here comes a lover of mine and a lover of hers.
Look, here comes a walking fire.
Look, here comes Helena.
Look, here comes the duke.
Look, here I have you.
Look, here it is.
Look, here she comes.
Look, how she rubs her hands.
Look, in this place ran Cassius’s dagger through.
Look, look, a mouse!
Look, look.
Look, love, what envious streaks make the clouds severing in the east.
Look, Lucius, here’s the book I wanted to read.
Look, my lord, it’s coming!
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
Look, sir, I’m bleeding.
Look, they cry, and I’m an ass.
Look, when I promise, I weep.
Look, where he comes.
Look, where she comes.
Look, where your love comes from.
Look, I’m damning him with a spot.
Look, with what kind of action it takes you to get to a more reclaimed ground.
Look!
Is he red or pale, or sad or merrily?
Is he as young as he did the day he wrestled?
Lord Alexas, sweet Alexas, most anything Alexas, almost absolute Alexas, where’s the soothsayer you praised so much to the Queen?
Lord Edmund didn’t say anything with your lord at home?
Lord Hamlet— Heaven secure him!
Lord Mayor, we’ve sent you the reason— Look back!
Lord of his fortunes, he salutes you, and he’s required to live in Egypt, which he hasn’t granted, and he’s begging you to let him breathe between the heavens
Lord of lords!
Lord, how have you changed!
Lord, what a beautiful story it looks like!
Lord, let me never have a reason to sigh until I’ve been brought to such a silly pass!
Lord, Lord, she will be a joyful woman.
Lord, what fools these mortals are!
Lord, what?
Lord,” he said?
Lorenzo and Salerio, welcome here, if the young man who is interested in me here has the power to welcome you.
Lorenzo, and my love indeed— Who love I so much?
Lorenzo, and your love.
Lorenzo, I’ll be able to handle my house until my lord returns.
Love cools, friendships break up, brothers break up in cities
Love will give me strength, and strength will help me.
Love is just a madness, and I tell you, it deserves as much a dark house and a whip as madmen do.
Love doesn’t look like a person with eyes, but with mind.
I’ll have it, or I’ll have none.
Love news, in faith?
Love made these miracles.
Love, and be friends as two such men should be.
So love and tongue-tied simplicity are all in my capacity.
Love?
Love’s heroes should be thoughts, which glide ten times faster than sun’s beams, driving back shadows over louring hills.
Love’s not love when it’s mingled with regards that stands Aloof from the whole point.
Lovers can see that they’re doing their rites by their own beauties, or if love is blind, it’s best to agree with night.
Lovers, make a moan.
Lovers, go to bed.
Lucentio is your name.
Lucentio, gentle sir.
Lucentio!
Lucillius and Titinius, ask the commanders to prepare for their meetings tonight.
Lucius, awake.
Lucius, who’s that knocking?
Lucius!
Lucius!—Fast asleep?
Lurk, lurk.
Lysander and I will fly this place.
Lysander, keep your Hermia.
Lysander, speak again!
Lysander, where do you do all this?
Lysander’s love, who wouldn’t let him bide, is more a savage night than all the fiery oes and light.
M.O.A.I.” This is not the first one, and yet to crush this little, it would bow to me, because every one of these letters is in my name.
M”—Malvolio.
M”—why, that’s what begins my name?
Macbeth is coming.
Macbeth is ready for shaking, and the powers above are on their instruments.
Macbeth will never be beaten until Birnam Wood’s return to Dunsinane Hill will come against him.
Macbeth!
Macbeth!—If I had three ears, I’d hear you.
Macbeth.
Macduff is missing, and your noble son.
We’re going to die in our graves with a squeak machination, hollowness, treachery, and all the ruined things.
I’m calling it mad, because I’m trying to define true madness, what is it that I’m only going to be insane?
Are you mad for your love?
My interpreter, what does she say?
Madam wife, they say I’ve dreamed and slept more than fifteen years.
Madam, think about the young prince your son, like a careful mother.
Madam, do you.
Madam, good hope.
Madam, good night.
Madam, good night.
Madam, he’s married to Octavia.
Madam, he’s well.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, here comes my lord.
Madam, his majesty wants you—and your Grace—and yours, my gracious lords.
Madam, how are you doing this play?
Madam, I’m here.
Madam, I’m very happy to accept your offer.
Madam, I’m not well.
Madam, I’m coming to ask you to think about his behalf.
Madam, I’m going fast.
Madam, I’d rather seal my lips than speak to my own danger.
Madam, I’d rather— I know your lady doesn’t love her husband.
Madam, I have a touch of your condition, which can’t be reproofed.
Madam, I heard her speak.
I’m sure, madam, not so.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I will.
Madam, I wish it could.
Madam, I’ll leave.
Madam, if you could find a man who bears a poison, I’d temper it so that Romeo should sleep quietly soon.
Madam, what day is that?
Madam, in Rome.
Madam, it fell out so quickly that certain players we o'ered on the way.
Madam, madam— Antonio’s dead!
Madam, not now.
Madam, not yet.
Madam, oh good Empress!
Madam, still sleeps.
Madam, I’m so successful in my work and in my bloody wars that I’m going to do more good to you and yours than you or yours were harmed by me!
Madam, the young gentleman of the Count Orsino’s is back.
Madam, there is a young gentleman at the gate wanting to speak with you.
Madam, undress you and come to bed now.
Madam, what should I do?
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, with much ado.
Madam, go away: the Prince, the Count, Signor Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town are coming to fetch you to the church.
Madam, he’s swearing he’ll speak with you.
Madam, you’ve done me wrong, notorious wrong.
Madam, you have to come to your uncle.
Madam, your mother wants to speak with you.
Madam!
Madam?
Madam.
Did I make him king for this?
Did it work for me, sir?
Didn’t she ask any questions?
I made you my guardians, my guardians, but I kept a reservation to follow with such a number.
Did you have any more offense than what you’re talking about?
Madman and beggar too.
Madman, you’re dead.
Maid’s mild behavior and sobriety.
Keep a mourning ostentation, and on your family’s old monument hang mournful epitaphs and do all the rites that are applicable to a burial.
Make a short break.
Make all the money you can.
Be sure to.
Go ahead.
Make good room.
Hurry up, I say.
Hurry up, so I won’t hear your ears before it’s out.
Hurry up, hurry up, sir.
Hurry up.
She weeps.
Make him believe you’re Sir Topas the curate.
Make it a word and a blow.
Don’t make it look like it’s been ruined.
Tell me.
Make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul inside the house.
Don’t offended me by your distrust.
Make me see it, or at least prove it so that the probation doesn’t have any sleeve or loop to hang a doubt on your life or to be angry!
Don’t compare that love a woman can bear me with my love for Olivia.
Don’t delay.
Don’t make noise, don’t make noise.
Be quiet with God, because you have to die, my lord.
Make that good.
Make the doors open on a woman’s wit, and it’ll be out of the casement.
Make sure you’re in a constant battle.
Make yourself a fortune from me.
Make those who are wrong to you suffer too.
Make your two eyes start from their spheres, your knotted and twisted locks to part and each particular hair to stand on end, like quills on the fearful porpentine.
Make us your ministers of chastisement so we can praise you for your victory!
Make us our march towards Birnam.
Make you a good answer.
Make sure you use this word best.
Make your vows true, and it will please me.
Are you making this shameful day your day?
Malcolm and Donalbain, the king’s two sons, are stol'n away and fled, which puts them in a slander of the deed.
Malcolm!
Malvolio’s coming down this walk.
Many of the men who have sold their lives have only left my house to see.
Many men would take you at your word and go, even if you were so good.
He’s been seen there many times a morning, with tears sighing over the dew, adding to clouds more clouds.
Good morning to my noble lord.
They’re making many hot moves in Italy—the sea borders lack blood to think about it—and the youth revolt.
Many times, madam.
Many people will swoon when they look at blood.
March on to meet him gently.
March on, march on, since we’re up in arms, if not to fight with foreign enemies, but to beat down these rebels here at home.
March to the bridge.
Marcus Luccicos, isn’t he in town?
Marcus Octavius, Marcus Justeius, Publicola, and Caelius are for sea; but we’re all on land.
Maria told me she was affecting me, and I’ve heard herself come near me, that if she wants to, it should be one of my complexions.
Marian, I say!
I served Mark Antony, who was the best person to be served.
Mark Antony is sitting in Egypt at dinner and won’t make wars without doors.
Mark Antony is in your tents, my lord.
Mark Antony will say I’m not well, and I’ll stay at home for your humor.
Mark Antony— Pardon me, Caius Cassius.
Mark Antony, take Caesar’s body here.
Mark Antony, should we give signs of battle?
Mark him.
Mark his condition and the event.
Listen to how he trembles in his ecstasy.
Listen to how the tyrant writes.
Mark it, uncle.
Mark me.
Mark me.
Listen to the music.
Mark well Metellus Cimber.
Mark it instantly, and carry it as I have set it down.
Mark, King of Scotland, mark: No sooner justice had forced these skipping kerns to trust their heels, but the Norweyan lord, who was snatching vantage, with furbished
Didn’t you see how the guilty of the queen looked pale when they heard of Clarence’s death?
Give them to your heirs!
It’s enough.
Well, and I did.
I’ll do it tomorrow morning if I’m alive.
As for Clarence, he’s well repaid; he’s franked up to fatting for his pains.
Then turn down directly to the Jew’s house.
Before he fell down, when he saw the common herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut.
I swear, before your ladyship, she puts her tongue in her heart and chides her with thinking.
I’ll bet my hand if it’s a reason to be afraid of you.
Come on, I’ll trow.
I do, sir, and I came to tell you something.
I think the duke has never lost a man, but a man who is like to be executed for robbing a church, one Bardolph, if your Majesty knows the man.
God defend his grace should say no to us!
God forbid!
He told me so himself, and he said he didn’t care who knew it.
God forbid!
God forbid!
Here’s a good man and a fool—that’s a wise man and a fool.
I’m farewell, because here’s cheering enough.
I remember it well.
I saw your niece do more favors to the Count’s servant than she ever gave to me.
I will, and this is wisely done.
I wouldn’t do such a thing for a ring, for lawn measures, for gowns, petticoats, caps, or any other small exhibition.
I’ll teach you.
If the one who wrote this book had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe’s robe, it would have been a fine tragedy.
It’s your brother’s right hand.
My child, early Thursday morning, the gallant, young, and noble gentleman, The County Paris, at Saint Peter’s Church, will happily make you a joyful bride.
My uncle Clarence’s angry ghost.
Now I can tell.
Now I let go of your hand, I’m barren.
Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato.
He won it from me once before, with false dice.
Please, patience, or I’ll say you’re all in spleen, and nothing of a man.
It’s a peace, and love, and a quiet life, and awful rule, and right supremacy, and, to be short, what’s not sweet and happy?
You’re better employed and naughty for a while.
Sir, because silver has a sweet sound.
Sir, you’re a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of Father Time himself.
You gave me this gift for nothing.
She’s in her buttocks, sir.
I’ll go back to you, sir.
She’s the kitchen wench, and all the grease, and I don’t know what to do to make her a lamp of her and run away from her by her own light.
They’ve been slandering a lady, and a third of them have verified unjust things, and, to conclude, they’re lying knaves.
They praise me and make an ass of me, and now my enemies tell me I’m an ass.
Dear, sir, to ask my old master the Jew to suppose tonight with my new master the Christian.
Dear sir, get a husband for her sister.
We say we’re not.
I’m a big fan of needle and thread.
The duke of Exeter is the master of the pridge.
I’m my partner and I.
That’s Hero!
He’d received a thousand ducats from Don John for accusing the Lady Hero of wrong doing.
I’d rather be honest than wit.
I think that’s young Petruchio.
They say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust at two hours old.
This is a snobby.
That’s it, sir.
You’re wrong, you dissembler, you.
We were sent for the justices.
Good luck.
Well said, well said.
I will, sir.
You may hope your father doesn’t get you, and you’re not the Jew’s daughter.
Oh, you manhood, mew!
Mars’s hot minion is back again.
What a wonderful music!
I thought I’d follow a scab, and my elbow slid.
Well, and well said.
Master Constable, you’re not going to go the way to examine.
Master Fer.
Master Malvolio?
Dear young gentleman, what’s the way to the Jew’s house?
You, master young man, please, which way to the Master Jew’s?
Master, for my hand, both of our inventions are able to meet and jump in one.
Master, go on, and I’ll follow you to the last gasp with truth and loyalty.
Master, here’s the gold you sent me for.
Master, I’m here to pay you a bond.
Master, if you do, expect a spoon of meat; or bespeak a long spoon.
Master, is this Mistress Satan?
Master, knock the door hard.
Master, master, look at you.
Master, master!
Master, do you mean that?
Master, should I be a porter at the gate?
Master, some show to welcome us to town.
Master, you looked so long on the maid, but you didn’t know what’s going on.
Go ahead, my lord.
Master, masters— I’m sure you’re right.
Please, my lord, don’t speak, we charge you, let us obey you go with us.
Masters, play here, I’ll be happy to help you.
Master, the duke is coming from the temple, and there are two or three more lords and ladies married.
Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
May your highness sit down.
Would you please your Majesty give us permission to give us the right to do what we’re responsible for, or would we show you far away from the Dauphin’s meaning and our embassy?
Can a man do it?
She may be just fake.
Can I be bold to think of these spirits?
Can I know?
I’ll never dream of a sanity, which is so fair, but I’ll never dream of a sanity!
Can I make this claim with good and good conscience?
Can it be done?
Can’t one speak?
Can one be pardoned and keep the offense alive?
Can she give that?
Can we go?
Can we do that?
Can you help me?
Maybe he’s not well.
Maybe the letter moved him, because I think they command him home, deputing Cassio in his government.
Do you believe it?
I’ll feel like a pretty piece of flesh while I stand.
Me, a groat?
My library was large enough to be dukedom.
Me, uncle?
Do you mean his majesty?
Do you mean to enjoy him then?
In the meantime, stop, and let mischance be slave to patience.—Let’s talk about suspicion.
God grants us the support we need from you.
I writ to Romeo, if he came here as a terrible night, to help take her from her borrowed grave, as soon as the potion’s force stopped.
We’ve been grateful for your hard work.
I’ve been able to do you good, and be the inheritor of your desire.
Until now, have patience.
Mechanic slaves with greasy aprons, rules, and hammers will lift us to the view.
Meet me and Gratiano at Gratiano’s house in an hour.
Meet me at the citadel.
Meet up at the palace.
Melt Egypt into the Nile, and kindly creatures turn everything into serpents.
Some men are masters of their fates.
Men can sleep, and they can have their throats about them at that time, and some say knives have edges.
Men shouldn’t walk too late.
Men will behave unadvisedly sometimes, which after hours gives them the opportunity to repent.
Men should be what they seem, or those who don’t seem to be, they wouldn’t seem to be any!
Men who risk all do it in hope of good luck.
Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run as if it were doomsday.
Men’s eyes were made to look and let them see.
Menas, I won’t be on shore.
Mend the example, shepherd.
Mend when you can.
Mend your speech a little, so you don’t have to worry about your fortune.
Mend” me, you sane fellow?
Merciful heaven!
Merciful powers, restrain me from the slurding thoughts that nature gives way to repose.
Mercutio, you’re consorting with Romeo.
Mercutio’s heir, noble Count Paris.
Mercy is only about murders, pardoning those who kill.
Mercy, mercy!
He’s a soldier.
It’s good that the young prince will be fet to London with some little train to be crowned our king.
Messala, I’ve received letters that young Octavius and Mark Antony come down upon us with a powerful power, bending their expedition toward Philippi.
Messala, this is my birthday, as Cassius was born on this day.
Messala!
Metellus Cimber?
I think he looks like he’s in love.
I think his words are so passionate that he believes himself.
I think I could not die anywhere as happy as in the king’s company, his cause being just and honorable.
I think I do.
I think I’m a great desire to drink a bottle of hay.
I think I hear Antony call me.
I think I see my cousin’s ghost looking for Romeo, who spit his body on a rapier’s point.
I think I see you now, you’re so low as one dead in the bottom of a tomb.
I think I should know you and know this man.
I think it’s like a weasel.
I think our clothes are as fresh as they were when we put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of the king’s fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
I think she shouldn’t use a long one for such a Pyramus.
Sometimes I think I’m not a Christian or a normal man.
I think the ground is even.
I think the wind has spoken loudly at land, and a fuller blast hasn’t shook our battlements.
I think they’re such a gentle nation that, only for the mountain of madness
I think your voice is altered, and you’re speaking better than you did.
I think you’re my glass, not my brother.
I think you’re getting too angry late.
I think you’re better spoken.
I think your maw should be your clock, like mine, and strike you home without a messenger.
I think you should have little reason for that, my mistress.
I thought I had a ghost, and I always tried to give it to my soul, but the envious flood shook my soul and didn’t let it go to find the empty, vast, and wanding
I thought I heard a voice cry, “Don’t let it go!
I thought I’d lay worse than the mutines in the bilboes.
I thought the billows were talking and telling me about it, the winds sang it to me, and the thunder, that deep and dreadful organ pipe, pronounced Prosper’s name.
I thought their bodies Richard murdered came to my tent and cried on victory.
I saw a thousand fearful wracks, a thousand men who gnawed on fish, a heap of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearls, inestimable stones, unvalued
I thought I had broken from the Tower and was embarked on a journey to Burgundy, and in my company my brother Gloucester, who tempted me to walk on the hatches from my cabin.
Michael Cassio, Lieutenant of the Moor Othello, is coming on shore.
Michael, good night.
Milan and Naples have more widows in them than we bring men to comfort them.
I’m sorry to think about it.
My father and I’ve never killed you, and neither of you have killed me.
I have to pluck it out of my ear.
I thank you, and I brought my ear to your sound.
I couldn’t see any further.
I’m itching, is that a good sign of weeping?
I didn’t give my honor, but I was conquered.
I’ve beat them to their beds.
I’ll be spent on my own when they’re dry, for Romeo’s banishment.
I’m talking about seventy senators who died by their proscriptions, Cicero being one.
Mine wasn’t bridled.
I wish I were human, sir.
My fortune, and most of our fortunes tonight, will be—drunk to bed.
I’m not a good cause.
You’re a man, minion.
Minion, your dear lies dead, and your unblest fate is coming.
Miranda.—Oh, my father, I’ve broken your heart to say that!
Miscreant!
Miserable England, I’m telling you the fearfulst time that ever wretched age has been.—Come on, lead me to the block.
Misery is familiar to a man with strange bedfellows.
Don’t misunderstand me.
Don’t misunderstand it.
Mistress and master, you’ve often asked the shepherd who complained of love who you saw sitting by me on the turf, praising the proud disdainful shepherdess who was his mistress.
Mistress, do you still talk?
Mistress, both man and master are possessed.
Mistress, hurry up and get out of our court.
Mistress, what do you mean by that?
Mistress, you know.
Mistress, I tell you true stories about my life.
Mistress, we have.
Mistress, what cheer?
Mistress, you have to come away to your father.
Mistress, your father asks you leave your books and help dress your sister’s room up.
Mistress!
Mistress!
The moblèd queen” is good.
Don’t bother, Enobarbus.
Modo he’s called, and Mahu.
Monday, my lord.
Monday!
I’m giving you money!
Money is your suit.
The Princess is calling for you, Monsieur the challenger.
Monster, come, put some lime on your fingers and get the rest of it out.
Monster, I smell all horse piss, which is indigning my nose.
Monster, I’ll kill this man.
Monster, lay to your fingers.
Monster, your fairy, which you say is harmless, has done little better than played the jack with us.
Monstrous!
Montague!
Montjoy.
Moody?
Moon and stars!
Mooncalf, speak once in your life, if you’re a good mooncalf.
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
More company!
More knocking.
More and more light.
More and more light and dark and dark our sorrows!
More matters for a May morning.
More about this later.
I can’t report any more of this.
It’s a little sad that the eagle is mewed while kites and buzzards are free to kill.
They’ll speak more, because I’m determined to know the worst by the worst means.
More than anything about battle, I’ll do nothing to help me speak for myself.
More to know was never a part of my thoughts.
More validity, more honorable state, more courtship lives in carrion flies than Romeo.
You’re more villain than you.—Well, push him out of the doors and let my officers of such a nature make a large impact on his house and land.
I’ll do more— Though I can’t do anything worth it, since my penitence is over, imploring pardon.
What’s more wonderful, when angels are so angry.
More, Domitius: My lord wants you now.
More, please, more.
More, more, please, more.
Moreover, since we had to wait so long to see you, the need we have to use you caused our rush.
Moreover, he has left you all his walks, his private arbors and his new-planted orchards, on this side of Tiber.
Moreover, urge his hateful luxury and bestial appetite to change his lust, which stretched to their servants, daughters, wives, even where his raging eye or savage heart, without control, lus
Morton has fled to Richmond, and Buckingham, backed by the hardy Welshmen, is on the field, and his power is increasing.
My absolute lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.
If you’re her, you’re a usurp yourself, because what you’re going to give you is not yours to reserve.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I’m sure.
Yes, I’m sure.
Yes, I’m sure.
Every single day.
You’re ruined by cruel, cruel Death!
The best accomplished lady, the heavens rain odors on you!
Most gracious Duke, give me a letter to my lord and let me find a letter in your voice, which will help me to be simple.
Most gracious majesty!
Very happy!
I beg the court to give the verdict.
The heat is so hot and gross!
It’s a very sad day!
Most high, most powerful, and most powerful Caesar, Metellus Cimber throws a humble heart over your seat— I must stop you, Cimber.
Most kind messenger, tell the great Caesar this in deputation: I kiss his conqu’ring hand.
A judge who’s learned a sentence!
It’s almost like a gentleman.
I’m very happy.
Most people agree that we first come to words, and therefore we have our written purposes before us sent.
Most mighty Caesar, let me know some reason, so I won’t be laughed at when I tell them so.
Most mighty duke, see a man who has been badly wronged.
Most mighty duke, please tell me to speak a word.
Most mighty sovereign, you have no reason to doubt my friendship.
You’re a libertine, as sensual as the sting itself, and all your savages and headed evils that you’ve caught would disgorge into the general world.
It was the most miserable hour of his life that he had ever seen in his pilgrimage.
You can see the monsters for poor, poor, and dolts, and let Patient Octavia plow your face with her pre-made nails!
What a terrible thing, oh!
Most noble Antony!
Most noble brother, you’ve done me wrong.
Most noble Caesar!
Most noble Empress, have you heard of me?
Most noble sir, come on.
What a beautiful, exquisite and unmatchable beauty—Please tell me if this is the lady of the house, because I never saw her.
Most reverend signior, do you know my voice?
The most rightful judge!
Most royal majesty, I don’t want to do anything more than you’ve offered.
Most royal sir, Fleance is scaped.
Most savage and unnatural!
The most shallow man.
I’m very happy.
It’s true and vulgar.
Most sweet lady— It’s a good doctrine, and it’s much to say about it.
That’s true.
That’s true, so be sure to do it well.
Most vilely, like a pedant who keeps a school in the church.
Welcome home!
What a wonderful thing!
Motley’s the only wear.
Moved,” in good time.
I’m a young, sweating devil here, who rebels.
Goodbye, scald king, heartily.
There’s a lot of breeding that, like the courser’s hair, has only life, and not a serpent’s poison.
That’s what I’ll see.
Muffle me, night, for a while.
Mum, then, and no more.
Murder and treason!
Murder is most foul, as it is in the best way possible.
Murder, murder!
Murder!
Murder!
Murder?
Murellus and Flavius, for pulling scarfs off Caesar’s images, are put to silence.
Music in the air.
Music like this makes you sleep!
Listen to music.
Music!
Music, moody food from us who are in love.
Should I bite?
So, shouldn’t she be answered?
Isn’t there any more work to be done?
Mustardseed.
mutinies, in countries of discord, in palaces of treason, and the bond smashed son and father.
Mutton?
I’m humble then.
My arm is sore.
My babes were destined for a better death if you had blessed you with a better life.
My back is on the other side.
My banquet is to close our stomachs up after our great good cheer.
What did I do to you when I was in Egypt, Caesar?
I’ll do my best to do this.
My best way is to creep under his sleeve.
My bond to the Jew is forfeited.
My bones would rest, who only worked to get to this hour.
My books and instruments will be my company, so I can look and practice them myself.
I’m telling you to not know me until time, and I think you’re meeting up.
My bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love is as deep.
My brave spirit!
My breath and blood!
My brother and your uncle, Antonio— I beg you, mark me (that a brother should be so perfidious!
My brother Gloucester’s voice.—Yes, I know your errand.
My brother has a daughter, almost the copy of my child who’s dead, and she is heir to both of us.
My brother is in Elysium.
My brother didn’t kill any man, but he thought he was wrong, and yet he was a bitter death.
My brother never told me to do that.
My brother’s love, the devil, and my rage.
The servants of my brother were my fellows.
I’ll go among the rest of the party, out of hope for all except my part.
I only wanted to get you from the martin’s home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner.
My charity is outrage, my life is my shame, and in that shame I’m still in rage.
My charms don’t crack, my spirits obey, and time goes upright with his carriage.
I’ll break my charms, my senses will be restored, and they’ll be themselves.
My child is still a stranger in the world.
My child, my only life, go look up, or I’ll die with you!—Help!
My children too?
My clerk has some good comforts for you too.
I’m glad that old age, that ill-tempered layer of beauty, can’t spoil my face more.
My countryman, but I don’t know him.
My countrymen— Let’s calm down!
My cousin is Signor Benedick of Padua.
My cousin tells him in his ear that he’s in her heart.
My cousin Westmoreland?
My cousin’s a fool, and you’re another.
My creditors are becoming cruel.
I curse her!
My dagger, little cousin?
My daughter, he’s wedded.
My daughter tells us everything.
My daughter!
My daughter’s mother thinks about it.
My dear lord, you know the fiery qualities of the duke, how unremoveable and stable he is in his own way.
My dear master, my captain, and my emperor, let me say, before I strike this bloody stroke, goodbye.
My dear Othello!
My dearest sister!
My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?
My dearest coz, please, you’re going to school yourself.
My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.
My decayed, fair, beautiful look would soon be repainted.
I’ve done my deeds on my head.
My sane voyage is just a matter of extravagance.
I have to act alone in my terrible situation.
My door is locked.
I’m mistaken for my dukedom to a beggarly denier.
I can’t suffer from obeying all your daughters’ hard commands.
My duty is hushed.
I’m going to both of you, the great kings of France and England.
My duty, madam, and my humble service.
My estate is very low.
My gentle cousin, welcome here.
My excellent good friends!
I’ll grime my face with filth, scolde my loins, scolde my hair in knots, and face the winds and the persecutions of the sky.
My fair Bianca, welcome my father, while I welcome you with the same kindness as you.
My dear Rosalind, I’m coming within an hour of my promise.
My fairy lord, this must be done quickly.
My falcon is now sharp and empty, and until she stoops, she won’t be full-gorged, because she never looks at her lure.
My fan, Peter.
My father told you to give me a good education.
My father was surrounded with my mother under the dragon’s tail, and my nativity was under Ursa Major, so I’m rough and lecherous.
My father is dead, my fortune is for me.
My father had a daughter who loved a man as much as it could be, perhaps if I were a woman, then you should be your lord.
My father is hard at work.
My father is not dead, for all your words.
My father loved Sir Rowland as much as his soul loved him, and my father loved everything in the world.
My father was no traitor.
My father is watching.
My father—I think I see my father.
My father, led by a poor leadership?
My father’s going toward the marketplace.
My father’s death— Your life has been dishonored.
My father’s loss, my weakness, all my friends’ wracks, and all the threats to this man, whom I’m subdued, are only light to me.
My father’s love is enough to honor him.
My father’s spirit is in arms.
My fault, but not my body, pardon me, sovereign.
My fool sourps my body.
My friend, your husband, honest, honest Iago.
My friends told me as much, and I didn’t think so.
My gentleman, Cesario?
My good friends, listen!
My good friends, I’ll leave you until nighttime.
My good king Eros, now your captain is even such a body.
My good lord.
My lords, I’m all right.
My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire, as I am a good friend, Sir Edward Courtney and the haughty prelate, Bishop of Exeter, his elder brother, with many more confederates in arms.
My gracious sovereign.
My grandma told me he was murdered there.
My hair is fading to hear her curses.
My heart is sorry for your daughter’s death, but I was honoured to say she was charged with nothing but what was true and very proofful.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is thirsty for that noble promise.
My heart prays for him, even though my tongue curses him.
My hearty friends, you take me in too bad a sense, because I told you for your comfort that you wanted to burn this night with torches.
My dear lord!
I’m almost here when I’ll be forced to burn myself to the flames.
My house was at the Phoenix?
My husband is on earth, and I’m in heaven.
My husband lost his life to get the crown, and often my sons were tossed for me to joy and weep about their losses.
My husband said she was false!
My husband, then?
My husband!
My husband!
My husband?
My devoted servant, Ariel!
I’m fair and honest.
My kind Antonio, I can’t answer anything but thanks, and thanks, and ever thanks.
My lady told me, that even though she treats you like a king, she’s nothing to do with your troubles.
My lady was responsible for this business.
My Lady Grey’s wife, Clarence, is the one who tempers him to this extreme.
My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
My lady is inside, sir.
My lady will hang you for your absence.
My lady wouldn’t lose him for more than I’ll say.
My language!
My learned lord, we ask you to proceed and explain why the law that they have in France or should or shouldn’t stop us from defending us.
My leg is cut in two.
My leisure is for me now, my pensive daughter.—My lord, we have to wait for the time alone.
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.
My freedom.
My liege and madam, to expostulate what majesty should be, what duty is, why day is day, night is night, and time is time, would be nothing but waste night, day, and time.
My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, who, look at your Grace, has struck the glove that your Majesty is taking out of Alençon’s helmet.
I’m not a liege, I’m not a good person to say anything, and I’m not disturbed by the effects of wine, or by a heady rash, provoked by raging 
My liege, they’re not yet coming back.
My liege, this was my glove; here is the man of it.
My liege, your highness may help me now.
My liege.
My life is run by his compass.
I’m still alive, even if you’re young, and I’m still looking for some favor that it loves.
I’ll leave my life on her faith!—Iago, my Desdemona must I leave to you.
I’d rather die by their hate than by dying, because I wanted to love you.
My life will be too short, and I’ll fail every single thing.
My life, sir!
My little spirit, see, sits in a cloud of frighten clouds and stays for me.
My lord and brother, God save you.
My lord and lady, it’s now our time to cry, “Good joy, good joy, my lord and lady!” My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady, I wish you all the joy that you can
My lord and master love you.
My lord and you were at Mantua.—No, I have a brain.—But I said that when it tasted the wormwood on the nipple of my dug and felt it
My lord is approaching.
Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who pleaded for it and deserved it too.
Bassanio, let him have the ring.
My Lord Bassanio, since you’ve found Antonio, we’ll leave you.
My Lord Constable, are those stars or suns on it?
My Lord High Constable, the English are within fifteen hundred paces of your tents.
My lord is dead.
My lord is not my lord, and I shouldn’t know him if he was as favorable as he was in humor.
My lord is often so, and he’s been from his youth.
My lord, it’s time to do it.
My lord of Burgundy.
My Lord of Cambridge, my kind Lord of Masham, and you, my gentle knight, give me your thoughts.
My lord of Gloucester has sent him to the country.
My Lord of Gloucester, I’ve been putting your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs too long.
My Lord of Norfolk— Here, most gracious liege.
You’re talking about horse and armor, my lord of Orléans, and my Lord High Constable.
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon, and you, Sir Walter Herbert, stay with me.
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen closely at the heels.
My Lord of Warwick, here comes a contagious treason to light, look at you, as you’ll want in a summer’s day.
My lord Sebastian, you’re talking about the truth without a lot of patience and time to speak.
My lord will never rest, I’ll watch him tame and talk him out of patience.
Oh, what time is it?
My lord, I know what to do.
My lord, from head to foot.
Good morning, my lord.
My lord, he refuses to come.
My lord, he’s just gone away.
My lord, he’s going to his mother’s closet.
My lord, his majesty told me to signify to you that he has put a great wager on your head.
My lord, his throat is cut.
My lord, I’m for you, even though it cost me ten nights to watch.
My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.
My lord, I can’t.
My lord, I claim the gift, my due by promise, for which your honor and your faith are pawned—your earldom of Hereford and the movables that I’ll possess.
My lord, I did intend to do it.
My lord, I did, but I didn’t answer it.
My lord, I don’t know that I cried.
My lord, I swear— Oh, don’t swear!
My lord, I’ve been thinking about the late request you made for me to be in.
My lord, I have news to tell you.
My lord, I’ve been able to remember yours for a long time.
My lord, I have.
My lord, I hold my life as dear as you do yours, and I never protested in my days, that I was so precious to me as it is now.
My lord, I don’t know what the matter is, but I’m sure your highness won’t be treated with the ceremonious affection you were wont.
My lord, I’ll reply amazingly, half sleep, half wake up.
My lord, I’m leaving.
My lord, I think I saw him there for the first time.
My lord, I assure you that we’ll play our part as he thinks by our true diligence he’s not less than what we say he is.
My lord, I won’t.
My lord, I’ll use them like a desert.
My lord, I wish Thursday were tomorrow.
My lord, I’ll tell you that the king’s self-reported bill was like in the eleventh year of the last king’s reign, and that the king’s resigned against us
My lord, in Athens.
My lord, Mark Antony, hearing that you were prepared for war, I heard my grieving ear, and I asked his pardon for returning.
My lord, I beg the leading of the vaward humbly on my knee.
My lord, my lord— I won’t hear you.
My lord, my lord, I’ll prove it on his body if he dares, despite his nice fence and his active practice, his youth’s May and his lustihood.
My lord, my lord!
My lord, that would dishonor him!
My lord, the army of great Buckingham— Out on you, owls!
My lord, the enemy is past the marsh.
My lord, the first time I saw him, I thought he was your daughter’s brother.
My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
My lord, the queen wants to speak with you now.
My lord, the roinish clown, at whom you were so often tempted to laugh, is also missing.
My lord, there’s no need for apology.
My lord, they’re waiting for you to give your daughter to her husband.
My lord, this would not be true in Venice, even though I’d swear I saw it.
My lord, we’re on the platform where we’re watching.
My lord, we were sent for.
My lord, we won’t.
My lord, what will you do?
My lord, when I arrived at their home I gave them your highness’ letters.
My lord, whoever goes to the prince, for God’s sake, don’t let us two at home.
My lord, you know I love you.
My lord, you nod.
My lord, you once loved me.
My lord, you’ll be able to rule my mind for a moment.—Come on, Lord Hastings, will you go with me?
My lord, your nobles, jealous of your absence, look for you in your camp.
My lord, your promise for the earldom— Richmond!
My lord!
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord.
My lord.
My lord.
My love approves him so much that even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns—Prie, unpin me—have grace and favor.
I’m going to teach you my love.
I think you’re my love, my love.
My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!
My maid Nerissa and I will live as maids and widows.
My master calls me.
My master has appointed me to go to Saint Luke’s to ask the priest to come against you with your appendix.
My master is getting angry.
My master is the great rich Capulet, and if you don’t belong to the house of Montagues, please come and crush a cup of wine.
My master is staying in the street.
My master will be here early morning.
My master, and my lord!
My master, not myself, has no money to pay.
My master’s a very Jew.
My master’s mind.
My master’s house.
My masters, are you crazy?
My matter has no voice, lady, but to your own pregnant and vouchsafed ear.
My men should call me “lord.” I’m your goodman.
My mind has been as big as one of yours, my heart as great, and my reason is haply more important, to bandy word for word and frown for frown.
My mind has changed.
I never thought of more mercenary.
My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.
My mistress is murdered in her bed— Oh, heavens forbid!
My mistress showed me you and your dog and your bush.
My mistress is in love with a monster.
My dearest mistress, and I’m humble ever.
My mistress,” I said.
I’ve been cudgeled over tonight, and I think I’ll have so much experience for my pains.
My particular concern is Fulvia’s death, and that you should protect me from the worst.
My dear Gloucester!
My dear lord!
My most exquisite Sir Topas!
My mother.
My naked sword is out.
My name is Edgar, and your father’s son.
My name is Mary, sir.
My name is Pistol.
My name is Proculeius.
My name is Roderigo.
My name is Thidias.
My name’s Macbeth.
My lords are on their way.
I could have told you my news later.
I’ll give you the fruit of that great feast.
My niece already believes he’s insane.
My niece Plantagenet was hung in the hand by her kind aunt of Gloucester?
My niece will take note of it and assure you, there is no love-broker in the world who can be more than a woman’s praise for him than a valor.
My noble brother!
My noble father, I think this is a divided duty.
My noble girls!
My noble lord— What do you say, Iago?
My noble lords and cousins, good morning.
My uncle, do you know the cause?
My nyas?
My old bones are acheing.
My old brain is troubled.
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio?
My other self, my council’s consistory, my oracle, my prophet, my dear cousin, I’ll go, as a child, to Ludlow, then, because we won’t stay behind.
My own flesh and blood will rebel!
My parts, my title, and my perfect soul will be able to manifest me right away.
My people already know my mind and will acknowledge you and Jessica in place of Lord Bassanio and myself.
My powers are growing, and my savage hope is that it will come to full power.
My prayers, minx?
Please, my precious Queen, and give evidence to his love, which is an honorable trial.
My business is calling me away from you now.
My pretty cousins, you’re mistaken for me both.
I’m a horse of that color.
My goals are a big draw for me.
My quaint Ariel, listen to your ear.
My Queen and Eros have given me a nobleness in their brave instruction.
My Regan is very helpful.
I’ll throw it out.
I’m free and clear from any offense committed to any man.
My reputation, Iago, my reputation!
I’ll trust my resolution and my hands, none about Caesar.
I’ve been told to do my job, and I have nothing of a woman in me.
My royal cousin, do you teach our princess English?
My lord, you don’t give the cheer.
I was a green man, cold in blood, and a cold man.
My servant, sir!
My services to your lordship.
I’ll out-tongue his complaints.
My ships come home a month before the day.
My sickness is getting worse.
My eyes were always thick.
My sister might get it much worse to have her gentleman abused and assaulted for following her affairs.—Put in his legs.
My son came then into my mind, and yet my mind was scarce friends with him.
My soul tells me Hero is belied, and that Claudio will know; so will the Prince and all of them who dishonor her.
My soul is full of sorrow.
My soul is heavy, and I’m afraid I’ll sleep.
My soul will keep you safe from heaven.
My soul, not my child!
My sovereign lord, I beg your Highness to take our brother Clarence to your grace.
My spirits are nimble.
I’m all bound up in my spirits, as in a dream.
My stomach isn’t constant.
My strange and self-abuse is the trigger for fear that wants to be used hard.
I’m asking her to get some access to Desdemona.
My sweet Cassio!
My sweet mistress weeps when she sees me work, and says such a sanity would never have been like executor.
My sword is drawn.
My sword, I say!
I’m going to put it down so that one can smile and smile and be a villain.
My story is asking that question.
I’ll talk to you about how Benedick is sick in love with Beatrice.
My thanes and kinsmen, now they’ll be earls, the first Scotland to be named in such an honor.
I’m a hypocrit.
My uncle?
My hairs are muted, because the whites are reaffirming the brown for rashness, and they’re afraid and doting.
I’d rather seal my death than repeat my shame to my shame.
My villainy?
My visor is the roof of Philemon, and inside the house is Jove.
My voice is in my sword.
My voice is now the king’s voice, and I look like my own.
My voice is ragged.
I’m going to go home to his house and tell his wife that, being a lunatic, he rushed into my house and took my ring away.
My lord
My wife is coming soon.
My wife was killed too?
I will, not all the world.
My wit’s deteriorated.
I’m starting to turn my wits around.—Come on, my boy.
My wits are faint.
My words are as peaceful as matter.
My words are dull.
My words would give her my sweet love, and his words would give her my sweet love.
My worthy Cawdor!
My noble lord, your noble friends don’t have you.
My young master is expecting your remark.
My young memory can’t parallel a fellow to it.
Myself is Naples, who, with my eyes, never seen the king my father wracked.
I’m now converted to what I’m doing to you and yours.
I have letters of the same tenor.
I’m the enemy I’ve been.
I’m scolded, Heaven and fortune bar me happy hours, Day, I won’t give me any light, nor night rest, and I won’t be opposite all the planets of good luck to my actions
I’m the man in the moon— This is the greatest error of all the rest.
I ate with him and my sister today.
Myself?
I’m asleep, Iago, and don’t mean anything!
Name Cleopatra, as she is called in Rome.
Name him.
Name the day of marriage, and God give you joy.
Name them.
Tell me what part I’m going to do and proceed.
Nathaniel’s coat was not fully made, and Gabriel’s pumps were unpinked on the heel.
Nature in you is on the bringe of being confined to his confinement.
Nature distilled Helen’s cheek, but not her heart, Cleopatra’s majesty, Atalanta’s better part, Sad Lucretia’s modesty.
Nature wants things to be strange and fancy, but imagine an Antony would be the piece of nature’s own, conjuring shadows perfectly.
We’ll need to know the truth.
I’m not a victim of their own crimes, but a victim of mine.
It’s been a long time since we’ve been able to get everything we wanted.
No, a naughty lady, these hairs you ravish from my chin will quicken and accuse you.
No, come on, and take the chance to get angry.
No, then, I won’t.
No, then, I’ll run.
No, then, let the devil wear black, because I’ll have a suit of sables.
No, it’s very certain, Iras.
No, it doesn’t matter what he’s saying in Latin.
No, it’s twice two months, my lord.
No, if I tell you that, I’ll never look at you again.
If there were two such people, we’d have none soon, because one would kill the other.
No, if you can’t smile as the wind sits, you’ll catch cold in the near future.
No, if you’re a cursed hypocrite once, you have to be careful.
If you’re so late, don’t come to see me again.
No, if you don’t want me to, sir, I’ll take my heels.
No, and I will.
No, and I’m very much.
No, they dare.
No, don’t blush, Cleopatra.
No, but Beatrice— Sweet Hero, she’s wronged, she’s slandered, and she’s gone.
No, but he prated and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor that, with the little godliness I have, I had to forbear him.
No, but listen to me.
No, but his stinging spirit, which has now crept into a lute and now is governed by stops—that’s a heavy tale for him.
No, but he loves Mark Antony so much!
No, but tonight I’m barring you.
No, but I know who loves him.
No, but I’m sure he’s doing it?
No, but swear it.
No, but the devil is mocking me.
No, but this slander of our general’s slanders is the measure.
But who is it?
No, but Ophelia— Please, mark.
No, by my Lady, I’m not a fool to think what I list, nor I list it to think what I can, and I can’t think, if I want to think my heart out of thinking, that
No, by my Lady, I think he can’t.
No, by Saint Jamy, I hold you a penny, a horse and a man are more than one, but not many.
No, I’ve heard that the Ptolemies’ pyramises are very good.
No, come back, good Kate.
No, come, again.
No, come, please, sir, give me the necklace.
No, come, please.
No, come, Kate, come.
No, come on, let’s go together.
No, don’t stop, because I killed King Henry— But you’ve been your beauty who shook me.
No, don’t fight with us, good old man.
No, I’ll see the church on your back, and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
No, please, don’t let me play a woman.
No, for a need, come near my person so far: tell them when my mother went with a child of that insatiable Edward, noble York, then, my princely father had wars in France, and, by
No, go ahead, old man.
No, gentle Romeo, we have to dance.
No, gentlemen, don’t prepare to go.
No, go away.
No, don’t go back.
No, good goose, don’t bite me.
No, lieutenant!
No, Lysander.
No, my good fellows, don’t please sharp fate to grace it with your sorrows.
No, my lord, this kind of kindness is not the right breed.
No, good Sir Toby.
No, good, be patient.
No, guilt will speak, even if the tongues were out of use.
If I were my power, I’d put the sweet milk of concord into hell, bring the universal peace to life, and scolde all the unity on earth.
No, he has a little beard.
No, he reserved a blanket, and we’d all be shamed.
No, he’s rubbing himself with civet.
No, he’ll answer the letter’s master, how he dares, being dared.
No, listen to him.
No, listen to them, Antony.
No, heaven knows.
No, where are you now?
No, how will you do for a husband?
No, I’m for all waters.
No, I’m sure it is, Volumnius.
No, I’m the very pink of courtesy.
I’ll beg it from door to door when he has lamed me.
No, please, sir, don’t be out with me.
No, I don’t care about their names.
No, I don’t dare swear it.
No, I’ve done it.
No, I’ve offered everything, I have no more, and she can’t have more than everything I have.
No, I’ve been chatting to you, my gentle love, and I’ve been begging you to marry Hortensio.
No, I hope so.
No, I don’t know.
No, please let me go.
No, please tell me, with most petitionary vehemence, who it is.
No, please stay a little longer.
No, please, put on this gown and this beard.
No, I won’t be able to be careful of my own wit until I break my shins against it.
No, I think it’s scurvy, and I’m starting to get thrown in it.
No, I’ll do so.
No, I’ll kiss you.
No, I’ll come.
No, I’ll conjure it too!
No, I’ll go with you, cheek by cheek.
No, I’ll help too.
No, I’ll never believe a madman until I see his brains.
No, if an oily palm isn’t a good idea, I can’t scratch my ear.—Pride, tell her a good fortune.
No, if we’re chasing wildgoose, I’m done, because you have more wildgoose in one of your wits than I have in five of my whole five.
If they cause any illness, I’ll leave them at the next turn.
No, if you’re an undertaker, I’ll be for you.
No, if you’re trying— But wait a half hour!
If you had your eyes, you could not see me.
No, it’s possible to judge.
No, it’s true, or else I’m a Turk.
No, it is.
No, lay down and roar, because you’ve killed the sweetest innocent who ever shook the eye.
No, let him be alone.
No, let me be alone for swearing.
No, let me praise you while I’m eating.
No, let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
No, let’s follow him.
No, I’m not sure, because I’m staying there for dinner.
No, more, if any of the born at Ephesus are seen at any of the syracusian marts and fairs; again, if any of the born at Ephesus is in
No, don’t lay your hand on your sword.
No, don’t sound, please.
No, not sure, in a thing that’s falsing.
No, please be covered.
No, please don’t throw anything away.
Don’t press on me.
No, follow him now, so that the device doesn’t take air and taint.
No, don’t convince him to hold his hands.
No, send me in time!
She’s worse than that, and here she comes in the habit of a light wench.
No, stay.
No, take my life and everything.
No, he didn’t.
No, that would be as important as showing a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it.
No, you won’t.
No, that’s true.
No, that’s true.
No, that’s true.
No, that’s true.
No, that’s not true.
No, that’s not your way.
That’s true, that’s very true.
No, the dust would have risen to the roof of heaven, raised by your powerful troops.
No, the man who can’t be a good man, from the lark to the lamb, deserves praise for my pity.
No, their efforts are in the works.
No, then I have to get an ounce or two of this malapert blood from you.
No, then she can’t choose but hate you, if she bought love with such a bloody spoil.
No, then you don’t love it, and all my pains are sorted to no proof.
No, then you lie.
Well, well, well, that’s what happened.
No, then, good night for us.
No, then, you’re mocking me.
No, then, so we came into the world like brother and brother, and now let’s go hand in hand, not one before another.
No, then.
No, this was just his dream.
No, very pale.
No, we must think men are not gods, and not look for anything that suits the bridal.
No, we’ll all be there to fetch him.
No, we’ll slink away at dinner time, disguise us at my house, and return in an hour.
No, don’t cry, gentle Eros.
No, when I have a case where I want to touch your love, it will be difficult and difficult to get granted.
But there’s more to this.
No, you have to call me Rosalind.—Come, sister, will you go?
No, you have to forget that.
No, you have to name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion’s neck.
No, you don’t need to worry about us, Lorenzo.
No, you were a fragment of Gneius Pompey’s, and you’ve picked out the hotter hours, unregistered in vulgar fame.
No, you’d better speak first, and when you were graveled for lack of matter, you could take occasion to kiss.
I’ll bet that they’re all fantastically scolded.
I can’t see the day, nor sleep the night, but she tells you the truth.
Very close and on a fast foot.
Then the words are the ones that are near his heart.”
You’re starving in your eyes.
Do you need my help?
I was poisoned, rather, and then I was deprived of my own knowledge.
Neighbors and friends, even though bride and bridegroom want to bring the tablecloths, you know there are no junkets at the feast.
Neighbors, God hurry.
Both of us can enjoy neither of them if they remain alive.
Neither good nor bad.
Isn’t my husband or the slave returning to seek his master in such a hurry?
No rhyme or reason can tell how much.
I’m not to you or any one, but I’m not sure what I’m saying.
No, my lord.
No.
Nerissa’s telling me what to believe.
The king never sighed alone, but with a general groan.
Never made anger a good guard for itself.
Never quiet.
Don’t believe it.
Never came poison from such a sweet place.
We’ve never seen such a division in our souls.
I never did anything more joyful about the discovery of the most dangerous treason than I did at this hour, a time when I was thrown away from a damned enterprise.
I never knew a creature that had the shape of a man so keen and greedy to ruin a man.
Don’t excuse—when the players are all dead, there’s no reason to blame.
Don’t worry about that.
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
I think you’ll never be alive unless you see a canary put me down.
Never king of England had nobles more loyal and rich than those who left their hearts here in England and were buried in the fields of France.
Don’t make denial.
Don’t tell me what you’ve seen tonight.
Never was a gem that was so rich in gold that it was worse than gold.
Don’t talk to me.
I never saw him touch with so much anger until today.
Never to speak about what you’ve seen.
Don’t trust me, then.
Never was a monarch better feared and loved than your Majesty.
Never was this black day as this.
I never resisted myself to him until half an hour ago, when I was armed.
Never, Iago.
Never, my lord.
Never, my lord.
Never, until Caesar’s three and thirty wounds are well avenged, or until another Caesar has added a sword to the sword of traitors.
Never.
News from Verona!—How are you, Balthasar?
I’ve heard that my Nell is dead in the hospital of a French malady, and that my rendezvous is completely cut off.
News, friends!
News, boys, our wars are over!
News, madam.
News from Rome, my good lord.
News, old news, and news you never heard of!
Next month, we’ll meet.
Next, Cleopatra confesses your greatness, gives her your power, and asks the Ptolemies to give her heirs, now hazarded by your grace.
Niece, will you look at what I told you about?
He’s free of any question, but he’s free of any questions.
I’m hanging out of my eyes for night.
Night’s candles are burned out, and day is a slut on the misty mountain tops.
Nine or ten times I thought he’d snuck him here under the ribs.
Ninus’s tomb,” man.
No “master,” sir, but a poor man’s son.
No beast so fierce, but he knows some bit of pity.
No better.
No ambition is enough to inspire our arms, but love—dear love!—and our father’s right.
No, you’re not a fool.
No reason, no reason.
Hero is his only child.
I’m not a cocky man.
You won’t be ashamed of refusing him at sea, even if you’re ready for land.
No doubt he’s got a quiet catch.
No doubt the murdrous knife was dull and blunt until it was sprayed on your stone-hard heart, to revel in the entrails of my lambs.
No doubt, my liege, if each man does his best.
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt, no doubt.
I’m not going to write an epilogue, please, because your play doesn’t need to be excused.
No evil is lost when it’s gone.
No eyes in your head, or money in your purse?
No farther than the Tower, and I guess you’ll be glad to the gentle princes there.
Don’t go any further, sir.
Don’t go any further, sir.
Don’t go then!
No grave on earth will have a pair of graves that is so famous.
No more heart in you?
No harm.
No hope in that way is another hope so high that even Ambition can’t wink beyond the sky, but there’s no doubt that there’s something to doubt.
No jewel is like Rosalind.
No jutty, frieze, buttress, no sluggish vantage, but this bird has made his pendant bed and cradle.
No king of England, if not king of France.
No man must know.” If this is you, Malvolio?
No man must know.” What follows?
No man born from a woman will have power on you.” Then fly, false thanes, and mingle with the English epicures.
No man wanted to be trusted with them.
Isn’t he marrying his subjects?
No surprise, even if he were badly affected.
She can’t be a miracle, but they can be a savage, if there’s no other reason to do that.
No wonder, sir, it ruined you.
There’s no masquerade tonight.
No matter how you’re talking, you’re not coming here.
No matter, since they left their sneezes behind, because we have stomachs.
No matter.
No medicine in the world can do your good.
No messenger except you, and we’ll wander through the streets tonight and see the people.
No money, I swear.
No more soldier.
No more amazement.
No more work to be done.
No more than a woman, and commanded by such poor passion as the maid who milks and does the smallest chares.
No more than that?
No more light answers.
Don’t you hear any more about drowning?
Don’t worry about that.
Don’t worry about that.
No more sex is possible for mine, his, and hers.
I’m not mourning yours more than I mourn from my soul.
No more than my residing here in Rome could be to you in Egypt.
No more than the one of Cawdor’s will fool our interest in the king’s death: go declare his death, and greet Macbeth with his former title.
Don’t wait with me.
Don’t say any more.
No more, cousin.
Don’t wait, please.
Don’t wait, please.
No more, no more.
Don’t worry about it anymore!
Don’t worry.
Don’t worry.
Don’t worry.
Don’t worry.
No news about them?
Don’t make noise, and enter.
No job.
No offense in the world.
No pain, sir.
No way?
No place will please me, no death penalty will be imposed, as Caesar and you will cut off the choice and master spirits of this age.
No port is free, no place that guards and vigilance isn’t watching me take.
No seconds?
No shame except mine.
No slander.
No sovereignty— But he’s going to be king on it.
No one like you, if you mean me.
No Thisbe I see.
No warmth, no breath will test your life.
No watch?
No way but gentleness, gentleness, gentleness.
No woman’s heart is so big, to hold so much.
It’s no wonder, my lord.
No wonder, sir, but certainly a maid.
No words can sound like that.
No words.
No, it’s time to know, but now I’m going to promise you.
No, it’s not as deep as a well or as wide as a church door, but it’s enough, it’ll serve.
No, it was the vane on the house.
No, I found it, and I gave it to my husband.
No, and she swears she never will.
No, Antony, take the lot.
No, as I am a Christian.
No, I’ll be saved.
No, don’t believe me.
No, boy.
No, but she let it drop by negligence and, to my advantage, I was here, took it up.
No, but the barber’s man has been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek has already stuffed tennis balls.
No, I’ll go to the gate, and the devil will meet me like a cuckold with horns on his head, and say, “Get to heaven, Beatrice, get to heaven; here’s
No, by my honor, madam.
No, by my life and soul!
No, no.
No, no.
No, by this hand.
No, by this heavenly light!
No, Caesar hasn’t.
No, Caesar won’t.
No, Caesar, we’ll answer to their charge.
No, Cassio is not killed.
No, Cassius, no.
No, Corin, you can’t guess, even though you were as true a lover in your youth as ever sighed on a midnight pillow.
No, cousin, I’ll go to Fife.
No, coz, I’d rather cry.
No, dear Queen, because we intend to dispose of you as you will advise us.
No, fair princess.
No, please, die by a lawyer.
No, please don’t hate him, for my sake.
No, I won’t stay a jot longer.
No, please, lords and great men will not let me.
No, I don’t wish a man from England.
No, I’m not a joke.
No, because I think he’s not worthy of the place he’s doing those things.
No, don’t be afraid.
No, good mother.
No, great king.
No, hasn’t it?
No, he’s only mistaken the truth completely.
No, he’s just the best man in Athens.
No, he’s a man who has a gentleman to his son, because he’s a mad man who sees his son as a gentleman to him.
No, he’s in a terrible situation, worse than hell.
No, heavens forbid, I wouldn’t kill your soul!
No, his mouth has stopped.
No, I’m a Welshman.
No, I’ve been promised to go.
No, I don’t know you, and I’m not sent to you by my lady to tell you to speak with her, and your name is not Master Cesario, and this is not my nose either.
No, please, speak soberly.
No, I swear, I don’t know what’s going on.
No, I’m sure you.
No, I assure your Grace you won’t bet he’s going to be a second, who has so kindly persuaded him to be a second.
No, I went round to work, and my young mistress said that so: “Lord Hamlet is a prince out of your star.
No, I’ll be the model of all patience.
No, I’ll go find some ditch where I’ll die.
No, I won’t give my physic advice to those who are sick.
No, I won’t.
No, I won’t cry anymore.
No, I won’t cry.
No, if you don’t have any more words, you’ll get out of here.
No, they aren’t.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, indeed, sir.
No, it’s back.
No, it’s Casca, one who’s a part of our efforts.
No, it’s not possible you should love the enemy of France, Kate.
No, it’s struck.
No, it’s yours, my self’s better part, my eyes’ clear eye, my dear heart’s dearer heart, my food, my fortune, and my sweet hope’s aim, my earth’s heaven
No, Kate?
No, lad.
No, lady.
No, Lepidus, let him speak.
No, let me know, and knowing what I am, I know what she will be.
No, don’t let me.
No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp and crook the pregnant knees where the fawning can be ruined.
No, madam, he’s only smiling.
No, madam, I’m only reading madness.
No, madam, no.
No, madam.
No, madam.
No, make it two more.
No, Messala.
No, monster, not me.
No, my dearest love, I wouldn’t want to go for the world.
No, my fair cousin.
No, my good knight.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord.
No, my lord, I didn’t see anything.
No, my lord, not me.
No, my lord, unless I could have another for work days.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my most wronged sister.
No, my noble lord.
No, my profound heart.
No, no, he will reign by God’s grace.
No, no, I don’t dare for my life.
No, no, he’s gone.
No, no, I’m as ugly as a bear, because beasts who meet me run away from me for fear.
No, no, no, no!
No, no, the bell.
No, no, they wouldn’t.
No, no, we’ll keep it as a dream until it’s a reality.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, none that you have enough wit to make.
No, nor I neither, but it’s wonderful that she’s so sane about Signor Benedick, whom she has always seemed to abhorted.
No, and I’m not.
No, and I’m not afraid.
No, not a denier.
No, not a grize.
No, not a moment.
No, not an oath.
No, not for all the world.
No, not for Venice.
No, he’s not, even though his face is better than any man’s, but his leg is more than any man’s, and for a hand and a foot and a body, even though they’
No, not much moved.
No, not so, villain, you’re the one who’s cheating yourself.
No, not until a hot January.
No, not until Thursday.
No, not tonight.
No, Pompey, I’ve kept me from the cup.
No, please, good Meg, I’ll wear this.
No, please, let it serve as a table talk.
No, please.
No, I’ll go to Benedick and advise him to fight against his passion.
No, since then.
No, sir, it’s a grainy thing, but Noah’s flood didn’t do it.
No, sir, God forbid, but be ashamed to kiss.
No, sir, I’m living by the church.
No, sir, I say his horse comes with him on his back.
No, it’s legs and thighs.
No, sir, no jot.
No, sir, the worse.
No, sir.
No, some of it is for my child’s father.
No, sooth, sir.
No, let me judge how deep I am in love.
No, you won’t be able to wait until you take her hand before this friar and swear to marry her.
No, you proud dream, that play is so subtly played with a king’s repose.
No, even though you’re calling yourself a hotter name than anyone is in hell.
No, your words are too precious to be cast away on a cursor.
No, I’m going to my cabin.
No, their friends were wrong to their lives.
No, to Whitefriars.
No, I’m not, even though I’ve been her bedtime for twelve months.
No, really, but in a friendly recompense.
No, really, because the truest poetry is the most feigning, and lovers are given to poetry, and what they swear in poetry can be said as lovers they feign.
No, unless you’re hard-favored, because honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar.
No, really.
No, really.
No, don’t trust me, sir, and I’m sure you do.
No, uncle, but our crosses on the way have made it tedious, tired, and heavy.
No, uncle, I won’t.
No, don’t bother me here.
No, we’ll have to be adamant with him.
No, wench!
No, you’ll paint when you’re old.
No, you’ll pardon me.
No, you snore hags.
No!
No?
No?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Noble Antony, not sickness should stop me.
Noble captain, come.
The noblest of men, don’t you die?
Nobody’s coming?
Nobody’s talking about you.
Nobody.
Go to him, elves, and do him courtesies.
No, no.
She’s not a holy hermit and her maid.
No one except friends.
He’s not the fool, who’s trying to hurt his heart.
No one can be called deformed, but the unkind.
None of them is offending—no, I say, no.
No good, my liege, to please you with the hearing, and no bad news can be reported.
I don’t know him in the world, and I don’t know him.
None of these rogues and cowards except Ajax is their fool.
I know nothing about it, but I’m afraid it will happen.
I don’t love anything more than myself.
No, Brutus, no.
No, but your beauty.
No, man.
No, my lord.
No.
No one.
This forest doesn’t have any worlds of business, because you are all the world.
I didn’t hear anything, or suspect anything.
And you can’t do it for you.
And don’t go either.
Love’s mind doesn’t taste any judgment— Wings and no eyes are rushing.
I’ve never seen anything more men than you, my dear father, my friend.
Heaven and earth have never been peaceful tonight.
I don’t know where I stayed last night.
I don’t, by this heavenly light.
I don’t.
I don’t.
I don’t know, Regan.— Edmund, I hear that you’ve shown your father a childlike job.
I’m not, my lord.
I’m not, my lord.
I’m not, my lord.
I’m not.
I’m not.
I’m not.
No, I’m not in yours, lord.
He’s not dead, for what I can tell.
I don’t know that he’s well and will be here soon.
I don’t know anything about what I’m saying or doing this night, unless I’m not a good man, and to defend ourselves it’s a sin when violence kills us.
And then, we shouldn’t be given up in this.
And no one else.
There’s no one here, because curses never pass the lips of those who breathe them in the air.
I hope there aren’t any people who live there.
And you don’t have any word for her in your letters?
I’m not my daughters.
Or send you out of your way?
And he won’t wait until the need is met.
A stony tower, beaten walls, a dungeon, or a strong iron ring can be retracted to the strength of spirit.
So don’t use tears or prayers to make money.
I’m not doing anything by water.
And I won’t do anything tomorrow.
And he won’t.
And you won’t tell me who you are?
You won’t be tempted to tender less.
We wouldn’t deign him until he was buried at Saint Colme’s Inch for ten thousand dollars.
You are not loyal, as we are.
I’m sure there’s no force in eyes that can hurt you.
Norfolk, we have knocks, ha, shouldn’t we?
Normans, but bastard Normans, Norman bastards!
Noses, ears, and lips.
Not a drop before.
Not a dump, we’re not.
Not a false gallop.
No hair died.
Don’t jot more, my lord.
Not a joke, not a joke.
Not a mouse.
Not a soul but a man felt a fever of the madness and played some tricks of desperation.
Not a whit, Touchstone.
Not a moment.
Not a moment.
Not a word from me.
Not a word.
Not all the dukes of a sandy Burgundy can buy this precious maid from me.—By farewell, Cordelia, even if it’s unkind.
Not altogether, sir.
Not being Fortune, he’s just Fortune’s king, a minister of her will.
Not being the worst is a good example.
I’m not black, even though my legs are yellow.
Not Caesar’s valor has thrown Antony, but Antony’s triumph has ruined itself.
Not Cassio killed!
Are you dead?
I wouldn’t be guilty of such a serious sin for all this land.
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats.
Not for the wide world.
Not for your fairy kingdom.—Fairies, let’s go!
Not having the one that makes them short.
Not the one who isn’t, Mark Antony.
I’m not the one who chides you at any hand, sir.
Not here in presence.
I love Hermia, but Helena.
I’m not so honest, my lord, but so secretly that I won’t be dishonest.
I’ve only been there for you to wait.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, believe me.
Not me, I have to find him.
Not me, my lord, by heaven.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, my lord.
Not me, sir.
I won’t, unless the groans’ breath is a mist that screams me away from the search of eyes.
Not me.
Not in the stocks, fool.
Not if the small ones come first.
Not in a grave, to lay one in a grave, another out to have.
I can’t do anything but what is actually honest.
Are you not in love, neither?
Not in my house, Lucentio, because you know Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants.
Not in my husband’s nose.
Not in the throne of horrid hell can make a devil damned more than Macbeth can make a fortune.
He will not be killed in this land.
Don’t you know me yet?
Don’t know my voice!
Not life, but love in death.
Not insane, but bound more than a madman is, Shut up in prison, kept without food, whipped and tormented and—Good e'en, good fellow.
Don’t listen to you anymore.
Not now, sweet Desdemona.
Not now.
You’re not on your sole, but on your soul, harsh Jew, you’re making your knife look like a king.
Not once, or twice, but twenty times you have.
Not one to throw at a dog.
Not one, my lord.
I’ll never give you the sweet sleep that you owed yesterday.
Not possible.
You’re not proud of me, but you’re thankful for you.
Not sad, my lord.
Have you seen him since?
Don’t shine today?
I’m not sick, my lord, unless I’m thinking about it, or well, unless I’m thinking about it.
Not so happy, but much happier.
Not so hot.
She’s not so sick, my lord, as she’s troubled with a series of fancies that keep her from resting.
I’m not so young, sir, to love a woman for singing, or so old to dote on her for anything.
Not true, I beg your Majesty.
Not true, my lord.
Not true, my lord.
Not true, neither.
Not true, neither.
Not true, not true.
Not so, sir, I care about something.
Not true.
Not stingy too?
I won’t be able to talk about the imperious show of the full-fortuned Caesar ever.
Not that Adam who kept the Paradise, but that Adam who keeps the prison; that guy who goes in the calf’s skin that was killed for the Prodigal; that guy who came behind you, sir
Not that I know.
Not that I don’t love you.
Not that we love words better than you do.
Not the one you received from me, I hope.
Not this, but the marriage bed.
Not until God makes men of some other metal than earth.
Not until you’ve slept.
I don’t know.
Not to be endured.
Not to his father’s house.
Not to kill him, but to be damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend me.
Oh, Lord, don’t think about the fault my father made in compassing the crown.
Not tonight, Iago.
Not too fast!
Not very well, but I’ve met him often, and he’s bought the cottage and the bounds that the old carlot once was master of.
Not us.
Not when I saw it.
Not where he eats, but where he eats.
Not with salt tears.
Not old enough for a man, or young enough for a boy, as a squash is before it’s a peasant, or a codling when it’s almost an apple.
Not yet quite dead?
Not yet, cousin.
Not yet.
Not yet.” The hour’s now here.
Not?
Notable pirate!
Take note of him, good Charmian, it’s the man, but take note of him.
Please note if your lady is putting on a sex
Note this before my notes: I don’t have a note of mine that’s worthy of mention.
Nothing at all.
You’re going to suffer her to slander me like this?
Nothing but sit and sit and eat and eat!
Nothing but death songs.
Nothing but this: you’re true to me.
Nothing can be made out of nothing.
Nothing more than that.
Nothing could have subdued nature to such a lowness, except his unkind daughters.
Nothing will stop you from letting your lord be abused.
Nothing in his life made him feel like leaving it.
Nothing is good, I see, without respect.
Nothing can be done between me and the full potential of my hopes.
Nothing I respect, my gracious lord.
Nothing is that.
Nothing will come from nothing.
Nothing, but this is true.
Nothing, good monsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch.
Nothing, madam.
Nothing, Messala.
No, my lord, or if—I don’t know what.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, my lord.
Nothing, unless you render her again.
Nothing?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Regardless, use your pleasure.
Now I’m going to put Cassio in some action that could offend the island.
Now a little fire in a wild field would look like an old lecher’s heart—a small spark, all the rest of the body cold.
Now everything is fine.
Now all the work is going on.
Now all the blessings of a happy father, come on.
Now all the plagues that plagues your daughters have blown away by men’s faults are now a threat!
Now all the young men of England are on fire, and there’s a silky dalliance in the wardrobe.
Now I’m dead.
Now I’m Dromio and his man, unbound.
Now Antony must leave her completely.
Now we’re ready to know the pleasure of our fair cousin Dauphin, because we hear your greeting is from him, not from the king.
Now you’re my lieutenant.
Now you’re Romeo.
Now you’re sociable.
Now, tell me that those who you called fathers were getting you.
Now boast you, Death, that you have a lass that’s unparalleled.
Now by my George, my Garter, and my crown— Profaned, dishonored, and the third usurped.
Now, by my life, old fools are babies again and must be used with checks as flatteries when they’re seen abused.
Now civil wounds are stopped, and peace is back.
Now you’re getting the blood out of your cheeks.
Now I could drink hot blood and do so bitter business as the bitter day would be to look on.
Now, if you can’t, Oh, for shame, for shame, don’t lie, to say my eyes are murderers.
Now die, die, die, die, die.
Now I see it’s true.
Now you know the reason for this rush.
Now I’m going to a head.
Edmund, where’s the villain?
Now imagine a time when a creeping murmur and the darkening of the universe fills the vast vessel.
Goodbye, good sir.
Now I’m afraid I’ll start again.
Now, if you dare, try to find out who is most in Helena.
Now go out, Lord Constable and all princes, and quickly tell us about England’s fall.
Now I’m a constant smoky man.
Now go on your way.
Now go to the door and stay there until we call.
Now we’re happy to be free, not banishment.
Now God in heaven bless you!
Now gods that we love, where’s this coming from?
Now I’ve done a good day’s work.
Now he’s starting the story.
Now he denies it faintly, and laughs it out.
Now he’s importing him to tell him what he’s doing.
Now he’s a praying.
Now he tells me how she plucked him to my room.
Now he’ll outseat the lightning.
Now heaven has all.
Now heaven help him!
Now heaven’s on earth.
Now I’m alone.
Now I’m coming.
Now I start: Imprimis, we came down a foul hill, riding behind my mistress—both of them on one horse?
Now I’m changing my mind and partly credit things that aren’t a good idea.
Now I’m feeding myself with the most delicious poison.
Now I have to send humble treaties to the young man, who dodges and scolds the sluggish world, making and sluggish fortunes.
Now I see that all three of them have teamed up to make this false sport, in spite of me.—Injurious Hermia!
Now I see, I see, in Fulvia’s death how my death will be.
Now I’ll believe that unicorns exist, that in Arabia there is one tree, the phoenix’s throne, and one phoenix reigning there at this hour.
Now I’ll tell you without asking.
Now, Gratiano, you give your wife a reason for grief to be too unkind.
Now, it’s in the fields, and it’s pleasing to me, but it’s not in the court, it’s tedious.
Now he’s a man for the numbers Petrarch flies in.
Now it’s Rome, and there’s enough room to go, when there’s only one man in it.
Now it’s time to arm.
Now is the day we’ve long been looking for.
Now the sun is shining on the highest hill of this day’s journey, and from nine to twelve she’s three hours long, but she’s not coming.
Now is the time for help.
Now we’ve been ruined by this son of York, and all the clouds that shook our house in the deep ocean are buried.
Now, in his next piece of hair, send a beard to you!
Now know you, Casca, I’ve already moved some of the noblest Romans to take me to a dangerous and honorable event.
Now let it work.
Now let me see if I can consecrate it.
Now let your friendly hand put strength enough to do it.
Let’s catch it.
Now he’s there, and none of those poor who can do him reverence are so poor.
Now Lord, thank you for my good work!
Now Margaret’s curse has fallen on our heads when she exclaimed on Hastings, you, and I, for standing by when Richard stabbed her son.
Now Mercury will end up with a lease, because you’re talking well about fools!
Now I can do it.
Now I have to go to the monument alone.
Now the world must point at poor Katherine and say, “Lo, there’s mad Petruchio’s wife, if it would please him come and marry her!” Upon my life, Petruchio only means well,
Now you must be my friend, and you must put me in your heart for a friend, and you’ve heard, and with a knowing ear, that the man who killed your noble father has sworn in my life
Now my charms are all gone, and what strength I have is my own, which is most faint.
Now I’m going.
Now it’s near enough.
Now you’re dead.—Torches, torches!
Romeo is now beloved and loves again, as if he was beaten by the charm of looks, but he’s supposed to complain to his foe, and she steals love’s sweet bait from fearful hook
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, hold the breath hard and bend every spirit to his height.
Now my friend Petruchio will give me grace and offer me disguised in sober robes to old Baptista as a schoolmaster who is well seen in music, to instruct Bianca, so I can, by this
Now you’ll see the other.
Now she’s not holding me.
Now she’s gone for forever.—Curtelia, Cordelia, stay a little longer.
Now show me the wound my eye has made in you.
Now, sir, judge yourself whether I’m a good man to love the Moor.
Now, sir, who is so pregnant and unforced in the degree of this fortune as Cassio does?
Now sit close to this taper and ask for our necessities.
Now the wind is shining, and we’ll be on board.
Now the late traveler is rushing to get the inn and is approaching the subject of our watch.
Now take them up,” he said, “if any list.” He shook and shook, for why he stamped and swore as if the vicar wanted to cozen him.
Now tell me how long you want her to live after you have possessed her.
Now the moon is a fleeting moon.
Now the witch will take me if I meant it like that!
Now they’re my men.
Now they believe it and whet me to be revenged on Rivers, Dorset, Grey.
Now I’ll prove my title to you with my courage!
Now go to you.
Now we’re talking about our intentions, and our voice is imperial.
Now welcome, Kate, and bear me witness that I kiss her as my sovereign queen.
Now he’ll sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress were the kind of fruit that maids call medlars when they laugh alone.—Oh Romeo, that she were!
Now I’ll go take some order to get Clarence’s brats out of sight and to give the order that no one can ever take any time to get the princes.
Now I’ll ask Cassio of Bianca, a huswife who sells her desires to buy bread and clothes.
Now I’ll go to the chink to spy on me so I can hear my Thisbe’s face.
Now I’d give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground: long heath, brown furze, anything.
Now you’re talking about a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty joke your daughter told me.
Now you’re in a good mood.
Now, God, I’m so angry that every part of me is a slander.
Now, Antony, we’re ready to do what we want.
Now, as I am a Christian, tell me what safe place you’ve given me my money, or I’ll break that merry sconce of yours that is a sconce of yours when I
Now, as you love me, let me see his letter.
Now, as you’re a Roman, tell me true.
Now, Balthazar, as I’ve ever found you true, let me find you still.
Now, banished Kent, if you can serve where you’re condemned, then you can come to your master, whom you love, who will find you full of labor.
Now, beshrew my father’s ambition!
Now, by Apollo— Now, by Apollo, King, you swear your gods are in vain.
Now, by heaven, my blood begins to guide me to rule, and my passion, after my best judgment collied, is as strong as I can lead the way.
Now, by my holidam, here comes Katherina!
Now, by my hood, I’m a gentle, no Jew.
Now, by my mother at twelve, I told her to come.
Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s me, it will be moon, or star, or whatever I list, or if I’ll go to your father’s house.
Now, by my sword— And target.
I wish I had a chance to remember my uncle’s growth, even if he touched mine.
Now, by Saint George, I’m too young for you.
Now, by Saint Peter’s Church and Peter too, he won’t make me a joyful bride here.
Now I will, if I believe in my love.
Now, by the holy mother of our Lord, the citizens are mums, don’t say a word.
Now, by the world— It’s full of your evil evils.
Now, by the world, it’s a lusty wench.
I swear, I swear, I’m not referring to the term, and I’ll never keep a lodger.
Now, by the time I’m in heaven, I swear to you in the respect of a sacred vow.
Now, Catesby, what does his grace say?
Now, Catesby, what does your lord say to my request?
Now, Charmian!
Now, Cinna.—Now, Metellus.—What, Trebonius, I have an hour to talk about you.
Now, Parthia, you’ve been struck, and now the fortune of Marcus Crassus’ death makes me revenger.
Now, if the sun advances his burning eye, the day to cheer and the night’s dew to dry, I must fill this osier cage of ours with baleful weeds and precious-ju
Now, Eros.
Now, please, good Petruchio!
Now, fellow, what’s there?
Now, fellows, you’re welcome.
Now, because I know the Breton Richmond is looking at young Elizabeth, my brother’s daughter, and by that knot looks proudly on the crown, I’ll go to her, a jolly thriving woo
Hortensio is worried about his widow for my life.
Now, for my life, she’s wandering to the Tower, on pure heart’s love, to greet the tender prince.— Daughter, well met.
Now, get ahead of your story.—Prince, stand farther away.
Now, gods, stand up for bastards!
Now, good Metellus, go with him.
Now, my lord, lie here and rest for a while.
Now, good sir, what are you doing?
Now, good sweet Nurse— Oh Lord, why are you looking so sad?
Now, herald, are the dead dead?
Now, please, daughter, don’t make me mad.
Now I’ll stand to it, the pancakes were naughty and the mustard was good, and the knight wasn’t forsworn.
Now, if these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment, even though they can outstrip men, they have no wings to fly from God.
Now, if you’re a poet, I’d have some hope you feigned.
If you’re a woman, answer this question.
Now, if you love me, stay.
Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio, I think you have the shrewdest of all.
Now, infidel, I have you on the hip.
Now, Iras, what do you think?
Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly so that we can lead our loyal servants to age.
Now listen to music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn.
Now, my friends and brothers in exile, hasn’t old tradition made this life sweeter than the one of painted pomp?
Now, my dearest Queen— Please, stand farther away from me.
Now, my friendly king, I thank you.
Now, my Lord Constable?
Now, my lord, what should we do if we think Lord Hastings won’t give up on our lords?
Now, my lord.
Now, Titania, wake up, my sweet queen.
Now, out of doubt, Antipholus is insane.
Now, princely Buckingham, seal this league with your embraces to my wife’s allies and make me happy in your unity.
Now, Roderigo, where did you see her?—Oh, unhappy girl!—With the Moor, say you?—Who would be a father?—How did you know she was?—Oh, she de
Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you going with my daughter?
Now, Signior, what news do you have?
Now, Signior, where’s the Count?
What are you doing here, sir?
Now, soldiers, march away, and you’ll be glad to be here, God.
Now, sweet lord, you know what I’m going to do.
The next day was our sea fight, and you know what happened to this.
Now, we’ll use his countenance for the battle, which is done, and let her who would be rid of him devise his rapid take off.
Now, good night to your bones!
Now, Ursula, when Beatrice comes, as we look at this alley up and down, we must only talk about Benedick.
Now, if I were a little pot and soon hot, my lips would freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of my mouth, my heart in my belly, if I were to come by a fire to 
Now, what’s the news on the Rialto?
Now, where’s my wife?
Now, where’s your master?
Now.
Nurse, please give my praise to your lady and mistress.
Nurse, where’s my daughter?
Nurse, will you go with me into my closet to help me sort out the needy ornaments you think I’ll need tomorrow?
Nurse!
Nurse?
Nym, you’ve said the right.
Oh, all you host of heaven!
Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony!
Oh Antony, don’t beg us to die.
Oh, Antony, Oh, you Arabian bird!
Oh, Antony, you’re mine of bounty, how would you have paid my better service, when you’re crowning my throne with gold!
Oh, Antony!
Oh Banquo, Banquo, our royal master’s murdered!
Oh, bear me witness, night— What man is this?
Oh, it’s a bitter consequence that Edward still has to live as a “true noble prince”!
Oh, blessed, blessed night!
Oh bloody Richard!
Oh, death is black!
Oh Bottom, you’ve changed!
Oh, vile and damned furious wight, the grave is gaping, and death is near.
Oh, brave monster!
Oh, brave new world, that has such people in it!
Oh, what a brave touch!
Oh, brother Montague, give me your hand.
Oh, Brutus!
Oh, Caesar, read mine first, because mine’s a suit that touches Caesar closer.
Oh, Caesar!
Oh, calm submission!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh, Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!
Oh Cassio, when did this come from?
Oh Cassius, Brutus gave the word too early, who, having some advantage over Octavius, rushed it too eagerly.
Oh Cassius, Pindarus will run away from this country, where never Romans will take notice of him.
Oh Cassius, I’m sick of many griefs.
Oh Cassius, if you could only win the noble Brutus to our party— Be content.
Oh, ceremony, show me your worth!
Oh Charmian, I’ll never go out of here.
Oh, Cicero, I’ve seen the storms when the storms rived the knotty oaks, and I’ve seen the rage and rage of the oceans being exalted with the
Oh Cleopatra!
Oh Clitus!
Oh, come, Ventidius.
Oh, nice Friar!
Oh, conspiracy, are you ashamed to show your dangerous brow by night when evils are free?
Oh Corin, you knew how I love her!
Oh cousin, cousin!
Oh, coward conscience, how do you affect me?
Oh, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that you knew how many people I love are deep.
Oh, cruel!
Oh, cursed, cursed slave!
Oh, dainty duck!
Oh damned Iago!
Oh Dardanius!
Oh, day and night, but this is a strange thing!
Oh, day has turned out to be over!
Oh, deadly sin!
Oh, what a good choice he’s doing!
Oh, father, I’m going to do your business.
Oh, Ophelia, I’m ill at these numbers.
Oh, Phoebe, if you ever meet in a fresh cheek the power of fancy, you’ll know the wounds invisible that love’s keen arrows make.
Oh, son Edgar, I’d say I had eyes again.
Oh dear!
Oh, you dolt!
Oh, earth, which this blood drink revenges his death!
Oh earth!
Oh, eastern star!
Oh, what an excellent device— and make a sop of him.
Oh, what an excellent motion!
Oh, a great young man!
Oh, a great young man!
Oh, fair Katherine, if you love me in a way that’s a good way to speak, I’ll be glad to hear you confess it in a broken English language.
Oh, Fates, come, come, cut thread and thrum.
Oh flesh, flesh, how you’ve sprayed!
Oh luck, luck!
Oh Friar, damned men use that word in hell.
Oh, lady, it’s not for you to hear what I can say: I’d murder as if I were in a woman’s ear.
Oh, lady, don’t put me to it, because I’m nothing, if not critical.
Oh God of battles, steel my soldiers' hearts.
Oh God, did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s blood?
Oh God, Horatio, what a wounded name I’ll have to live behind me, and the unknown things that are still alive.
Oh God, I have a bad-divining soul.
Oh God, she comes.—Oh honey Nurse, what news do you have?
Oh God, you’re the only jig-maker.
Oh God!
Oh God!—Oh Nurse, how can this be prevented?
Oh God’s lady, are you so hot?
Oh Goneril, you’re not worth the dust that the rude wind blows in your face.
Oh, Antonio, forgive me for your trouble.
Oh, good old man, how good you feel about the constant service of the antique world, when you’re sweating for duty, not for meeting.
Oh, Sir Toby, stop!
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh Hamlet, you’ve cleft my heart in two.
Oh Hamlet, what a fall there was!
Oh, happy dagger, this is your sheath.
Oh, happy, fair!
Oh, happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
Oh, it’s hard to believe, twin-born with greatness, and subject to the breath of every fool, whose sense can’t feel anything but his own wringing.
Oh, Harry’s wife, don’t triumph in my sorrows!
Oh, hated potion, come on!
Oh heaven, Oh earth, witness this sound and crown what I profess with kindness
Oh, heavenly lord!
Oh heavens, that such companions you’d be able to escape, and put in every hand a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world, from the east to the west!
Oh heavens, they were both living in Naples, the king and queen there!
Oh heavens!
Oh heavens!
Oh, what a sad day!
Oh, what a terrible deed!
Oh, hell-kite!
Oh hell, what are we doing here?
Oh, holy Friar, Oh, tell me, holy Friar, where is my lady’s lord?
Oh, horror, horror, horror!
Oh, Iago, it’s a terrible thing, Iago!
Oh, Iago!
Oh, the wind of misfortune is ill-tempered!
Oh, ill-starred wench, pale as your smock!
Oh, illegitimate construction!
Oh, infinite virtue, are you smiling from the world’s great snare uncaught?
Oh, you inhuman dog!
Oh, what a terrible and touching loss!
Oh, Iras, Charmian!
Oh, Isis, it’s impossible.
Oh Juliet, I know your grief already.
Oh, Julius Caesar, you’re still mighty!
Oh Jupiter, how tired my spirits are!
Oh, Kate, please.
Oh Kate, nice customs are a slur for great kings.
Oh, knight, you don’t have a cup of canary.
Oh, lady, speak again!
Oh, sad day!
Oh life!
Oh, a limod soul who’s struggling to be free, and is more engaged!
Oh Lord, he’ll hang on to him like a disease!
Oh Lord, I could have stayed here all night to hear good advice.
Oh Lord, I have to laugh.
Oh Lord, Lord, it’s hard for friends to meet, but mountains can be removed by earthquakes and so encounters.
Oh Lord, I thought about how painful it was to drown, how dreadful sound of water in my ears, and how ugly death in my eyes.
Oh Lord, my lord, if they were only a week old, they’d talk themselves crazy.
Oh Lord, they’re fighting!
Oh Lord!
Oh Lorenzo, if you keep your promise, I’ll end this fight, become a Christian and your loving wife.
Oh love!
Oh, madam, madam, madam!
Oh, madam, my old heart is cracked, it’s cracked.
Oh Margaret, Margaret, now your curse is lighted on the poor Hastings wretched head.
Oh, masters, if I were willing to stir your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage, I would do Brutus wrong, and Cassius wrong—who, you all know, are honorable men
Oh, my heart, my rising heart!
Oh, my, Oh my!
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Oh mercy, God!
Oh, mighty Caesar!
Oh, mischief is causing a strange blow!
Oh mischief, you’re rushing to enter into the thoughts of desperate men!
Oh, mistress, villainy has made mocks with love!
Oh, the precious grace of mortal men, which we’re more searching for than the grace of God!
Oh, what a monstrous world!
Oh, monstrous, monstrous!
Oh, what a bloody sight!
Oh, what a courageous day!
Oh, my dear mistress, I’ll be ready to go.
Oh, what a false love!
Oh, what a happy hour!
Oh, the most dangerous woman!
Oh, what a sad day!
Oh, what a terrible strumpet!
Oh, what a wicked fiend!
Oh, murderous slumber, are you putting your lead mace on my boy who plays you music?—Gentle knave, good night.
Oh, my brave Emperor, this is really a battle!
Oh, my brother’s child!
Oh my Christian ducats!
Oh, my daughter, Fled with a Christian!
Oh, my dear lord— Don’t think I’m flattering you.
Oh, my dear niece, welcome to me, even my daughter, welcome in no less than a degree.
Oh, Orlando, I’m so sad to see you wear your heart in a scarf.
Oh my follies!
Oh, my good lord, don’t believe everything, or if you have to believe it, don’t shake everything.
Oh, my good master!
Oh, my heart!
Oh, my lord, my lord, forgive my fearful sails!
Oh, my lord!
Oh, my poor Rosalind, do you want to go?
Oh, my son, my son!
Oh, my son, what’s the theme?
Oh nature, what did you do in hell when you bowed to the spirit of a fiend in such a sweet flesh?
Oh no, my reasons are too deep and dead— Too deep and dead, poor infants, in their graves.
Oh, noble Caesar!
Oh, noble Emperor, don’t fight by sea!
Oh, noble English, who could entertain with half their forces the full pride of France and let another half stand laughing by, all out of work and cold for action!
Oh, noble fool!
Oh, noble judge!
Oh, noble lord, think about your birth, call home your ancient thoughts from banishment, and banish from leaving these lowly dreams.
Oh, noble prince, I can see all the unfortunate consequences of this fatal brawl.
Oh, noble sir!
Oh, a notable strumpet!
Oh, nuncle, courting holy water in a dry house is better than letting this rain out of the door.
Oh, shameful!
Oh, perjury woman, you stone my heart, and you’re calling what I intend to do a murder, which I thought was a sacrifice!
Oh, perjured woman!
Oh, Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe!
Oh, what a terrible spectacle!
Oh, plague has been prevented!
Oh, Pomfret, Pomfret!
Oh, what a good thing!
Oh, proud death, what feast is your eternal cell, that you have so many princes killed at a shot so bloodyly?
Oh, Pyramus, come on!
Oh Ratcliffe, I’ve dreamed of a fearful dream!
Oh, Regan, Goneril, your old kind father, whose frank heart gave everything— Oh, that’s the way madness lies.
Oh, Regan, she has tied her wits with a sharp-toothed unkindness, like a vulture, here.
Oh Regan, will you take her by the hand?
Oh, Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Oh, Romeo, Romeo!
Oh, royal Caesar!
Oh, rude unthankfulness!
Oh Scotland, Scotland!
Oh, serpent heart hid with a flowering face!
Oh Setebos, these are brave spirits!
Oh, that’s simple!
Oh, what a sinful thought!
Oh, sir, please.
Oh, sir, go fly this place.
Oh sir, I do, and I will repute you as my patron of my life and my liberty.
Oh sir, pardon me!
Oh sir, such a life with such a wife was strange!
Oh, sir, to wilful men, the injuries they themselves get must be their schoolmasters.
Oh, sir, very well: here in your orchard.
Oh sir, you’re old.
Oh, sir, you’re too sure you’re an augurer.
Oh, sirs, consider: those who set you up to do this deed will hate you for the deed.
Oh, sisters three, come to me with hands as pale as milk.
Oh, a slanderous world!
Oh, you’re soft, sir!
Oh spite of spites!
Oh Stephano, isn’t that all this?
Oh Stephano, two Neapolitans have escaped!
Oh, sun, I won’t see any more.
Oh sweet bully Bottom!
Oh sweet mistress, speak!
Oh, Portia, here are some of the unpleasant words that ever blotted paper.
Oh, the blessed gods!
Oh, these deliberate fools!
Oh, this learning is what it is!
Oh, you bloody prison, ominous and fatal to noble peers!
Oh, you dull Moor!
Oh, you thief, where have you stowed my daughter?
Oh, Kent, how will I live and work to match your goodness?
Oh, you invisible spirit of wine, if you have no name to be known by, let’s call you the devil!
Oh, you sane caitiff!
Oh, you’re a public servant!
Oh, you weed, who is so lovely and smells so sweet that the sense aches at you, would never have been born!
Oh, you, whose captain I’m referring to myself, look at my forces with a gracious eye.
Oh, time, you have to break this up, not me.
Oh, the extreme times, have you cracked and split my poor tongue in seven short years so that my only son doesn’t know my sluggish ear?
Oh, traitors, villains!
Oh Tranio, until I found it true, I never thought it possible or likely.
Oh, treachery!
Oh, true, good Catesby.
Oh Tybalt, Tybalt, I had the best friend I had!
Oh, upright, just, and true-to-be God, how do I thank you for the fact that this savage savage is a savage savage who treats his mother’s
Oh, my valiant cousin!
Oh, vassal!
Oh, revenge!
Oh, villain, you’ve stolen both my job and my name!
Oh, villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!
Oh, villain, villain!
Oh, villain!
Oh, bad luck!
Oh, weary night, Oh, long and tedious night, and leave your hours.
Oh, Nature, did you frame lions?
Oh, a wicked wall that I don’t see bliss!
Oh wife, look at how our daughter bleeds!
Oh wise and upright judge!
Oh, what a terrible thing!
Oh, sad day, sad day!
Oh, what a sad day!
Oh, sorry, terrible sympathy!
Oh, what a sad time.
Oh, sad, sad day!
Oh, a wonderful son who can really amaze a mother!
Oh wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful wonderful, and yet again wonderful, and after that, out of all whooping!
Oh gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!
Oh immortal gods!
Oh gods!
Oh, you mighty gods, I renounce this world, and in your eyes I’ll leave my great affliction.
Oh, sir, you, come here, sir.
Oh, young and noble Cato, are you down?
Oh, it’s a parlous boy, baffling, quick, ingenious, forward, capable.
Oh, it was the worst thing to kill that babe, and the merciless thing that ever happened to me!
Oh, go away!
Oh, as if his majesty had the intention of naming you in the Tower.
Oh, just one word.
Oh, please, I beg you, you’ll never talk about him again.
Oh, cleave my sides!
Oh, come in, equivocator.
Oh, cry your mercy, sir.—Tom’s a cold.
Oh, don’t do your cousin such a wrong!
Oh, don’t swear, my lord of Buckingham!
Goodbye, honest soldier.
Oh, don’t worry about me.
Oh, I’m a savage, I’m a savage!
Oh, for my beads!
Oh, forgive me my sins!
Oh, the duke of Gloucester is a dangerous man, and the queen’s sons and brothers are proud and proud, and if they were ruled and not ruled, this sickly land could solace up as before
Oh, gentlemen, see, see dead Henry’s wounds open their mouths and bleed afresh!—Blush, blush, you lump of foul deformity, because your presence exhilades this
Oh, let me go.
Oh, my lord, don’t give a bad voice to slander music more than once.
Oh, good sir, I do.
Oh, grief has changed me since you saw me last time, and careful hours with time’s deformified hand have written strange deformities in my face.
Oh, if the gods did that, I wouldn’t have called them merciless to us.
Oh, he’s insane, Laertes.
Oh, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous.
Oh, help him, you sweet heavens!
Oh, how this mother swells up toward my heart!
Oh, how wonderful it is to see your wit restored!
Oh, I die, Horatio.
Oh, if I thought that, I’d beat him like a dog!
Oh, if you’re the same Egeon, speak and speak to the same Emilia.
Oh, if you count the noblest of your strain, young man, you wouldn’t die honorably.
Oh, in the battle, think about Buckingham and die in terror of your guilt.
Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s purse.
Oh, I know, my name has been lost.
Oh, lady, lady, shame would have it hidden.
Oh, let her live, and I’ll corrupt her manners, stain her beauty, slander myself as false to Edward’s bed, throw over her the veil of infamy.
Oh, let him pass.
Oh, don’t let it be.
Oh, let me kiss that hand!
Oh, let me make the time for my curse!
Oh, don’t let me be mad, not mad, sweet heaven!
Oh, let me speak!
Oh, let me think about Hastings and go to Brecknock while my fearful head is on!
Oh, let’s have him, because his silver hairs will buy us a good opinion and buy men’s voices to praise our actions.
Oh, make them joyful.
Oh, my fair cousin, I can’t say that.
Oh, my lord, you said that idle weeds are growing fast.
Oh, my old master.—Who has bound him here?
Oh, my poor brother!
Don’t name him.
Oh, never will sun shine that morning!
Oh, no, he loves me, and he loves me.
Oh, no!
Oh, now I need the priest who said to me!
Oh, now let Richmond and Elizabeth, the true successors of each royal house, join together, by God’s fair ordinance, and let their heirs, God, if you’ll be so.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh.
Oh, one of you is too much!
Oh, pardon me for bringing these bad news, since you left it for my job, sir.
Oh, preposterous and frantic outrage, end your damned spleen, or let me die, to look at death no more.
Oh, quicken them with yours!
Oh, don’t reason the need!
Oh, reform it altogether!
Oh, rejoice beyond a common joy, and set it down with gold on long pillars.
Oh, God, remember to hear her prayer for them, as for us now!
Oh, please, serve me well, and teach yourself that duty!
Oh, the woman who could have killed you by strangling you in her womb, from all the slaughters you’ve done, you’ve done.
Oh, she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence, and railed at herself that she should be so cruel to write to one that she knew would frighten her.
Oh, she would laugh me out of myself, press me to death with wit.
Oh, sir, I won’t be so hard-hearted.
Oh, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think.
Oh, sir, on her nose, all o'clock, surrounded by rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, reducing their richness to the hot breath of Spain, who sent whole armadas
Oh, sixpence, that I had o'clock last Wednesday to pay the saddler for my mistress’s crupper?
Oh, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children!—Keeper, please sit by me for a while.
Oh, teach me how to forget to think!
Oh, teach me how you look and how you’re swaying Demetrius’s heart.
Oh, tell me, Friar, tell me, in what part of my anatomy is my name?
Oh, you knew once more what you are!
Oh, you don’t deserve, poor soul!
Oh, that’s the sword to it.
Oh, the kindest Kate!
Oh, then be bold to say Bassanio’s dead!
Oh, then by day, where will you find a cavern dark enough to mask your monstrous face?
Oh, then I see you’ll only be part of the party with light gifts.
Oh, then it moved her?
Oh, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do.
Oh, they did urge the king to do it.
Oh, you prophesied that the time would come when I’d like you to help me curse that rotten spider, that foul bunch-backed toad!
Oh, you well-skilled in curses, stay for a while and teach me how to curse my enemies.
Oh, don’t touch me.
Oh, don’t train me, sweet mermaid, to drown me in your sister’s tears.
Oh, what a terrible news!
Oh, welcome, father!
Oh, well flown, bird.
Oh, what a fall there was, my countrymen!
Oh, what reason do you have to overgo your troubles and drown your cries?
Oh, what men dare to do!
Oh, what more favor can I do to you than to sunder his enemy with the hand that cut your youth in two ways?
Oh, will you leave me with a dark spell?
Oh, will you leave me so unsatisfied?
Oh, God would have the ring of golden metal that must round my brow if it were red-hot steel to get me to the brains!
Oh yes, my lord, but very idle words.
Oh, defend me, friends.
Oh, you’re novices!
Oh, you’re giving me a bad advice.
Oh!
Oh, Thursday will be it, then.—Go to Juliet before you go to bed.
Oh, my spirit, you knew your full power, and that you could command me from the gods’ bid.
Don’t swear, don’t commit with your spouse, don’t put your sweet heart on the table.
Be patient, love you, and most honor you.
Watch her, stand close.
Watch him, because I love mockery, because I know this letter will make him a contemplative idiot.
Watch his work.
Watch how Antony is a man, and what you think his actions are telling you in every power that moves.
Octavia is a holy, cold, and still conversation.
Octavia weeps to take part from Rome.
Octavius, I’ve seen more days than you.
Octavius, lead your battle softly on the left side of the field.
Octavius, take him to follow you, who did the latest service to my master.
I was set to do it by Sir Toby.
A certain knight who swore by his honor they were good pancakes, and swore by his honor the mustard was naughty.
Of a snail?
You’re a strange person, but you can’t be pushed by the Venetian law as you do.—Yes, he says.
You’ve never heard of Albany’s and Cornwall’s powers?
Of all the days of the year, I came to the day our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
I’m very strange that men fear death, a necessary end, when it comes.
Everything I’ve seen tells me that you remember me.
Of fighting men they have full threescore thousand.
Don’t be afraid of her.
It’s own color too.
Of love?
Of lusty earls: Grandpré and Roussi, Faulconbridge and Foix, Beaumont and Marle, Vaudemont and Lestrale.
Mantua.
I know that my uncle will give me a toy, and that’s not a sad thing to do.
I’m not sure of someone who’s jealous, but who’s wrought it.
Of one who, like the Indian, threw a pearl away Richer than all his tribe.
There are twenty-six princes in this number and nobles with banners.
Of so high and plenuous wit and invention!
Of that there’s no, or little.
The mariners, the king’s ship, tell us how you’ve landed, and all the rest of your fleet.
Of thirty people.
We’ll hear more about this.—Egeus, I’ll overbear your will.
I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that I’d like to say that
Pompey is now seeking us, or he’ll seek us.
It’s very bad.
Of what color?
What kind of cock should this cock come from?
I don’t know what you’ve done, but you’re a hunter, as bloody as you are, who’s waiting at the orchard end.
What age and years is he?
What you’re inciteing us to do.
What, lady?
Of when, please?
Of your complexion.
Off with his son George’s head!
Throw it off with that bauble.
Get off, get off!
You offended us, not the king.
Officers, what offense have these men committed?
I’ve heard of sanctuary men, but I’ve never heard of sanctuary children.
Oh, wait until then!
Oh ho, are you with me?
Oh ho, oh ho!
Oh, my fair warrior!
Oh, let’s go, Prince Dauphin!
Oh, I knew this husband, who, you say, must charge his horns with a sand!
Oh, weary thinking!
Oh, well done!
Oh yes, I saw sweet beauty in her face as the daughter of Agenor had in her face.
Oh yes, my lord.
Oh, it’s a gallant king!
Oh, it’s foul in her.
Oh, it’s treason!
Oh, it’s ill done, it’s ill done, by my hand, it’s ill done.
Oh, it was a scream to frighten a monster’s ear, to make an earthquake!
Oh, it’ll be admirable!
Oh, you were a cherubim who kept me.
Oh, I wish you a good wish.
Oh, a thousand thousand times—and then that’s so gentle!
Oh, are you here, Iago?
Oh, yes, as summer flies are in the shambles, that’s just like blowing.
Oh, yes, Curtis, yes, and therefore fire, fire.
Oh, yes.
Oh, banish me, my lord, but don’t kill me!
Oh, be sick, great greatness, and ask your ceremony to cure you!
Oh, see how pomp is followed!
Oh, see, the riches of the ship are coming on shore!
Oh, beware of jealousy, my lord!
Oh, bloody period!
Oh, brave Iago, honest and just, that’s a noble sense of your friend’s wrong!
Oh, but I’m afraid.
Oh, but she is wise.
Oh, but she’ll keep her word.
Oh, no.
Oh, by this count I’ll be much older than I’ve been before.
Oh, by whom?
Oh, Caesar, this Charmian lived only now.
Oh, come quickly, dispatch!
Oh, could you speak, so I could hear you call the great Caesar ass unpolicied!
Oh, coward I am, to live so long to see my best friend ta’en before my face!
Oh, marriage curse that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites!
Oh, damn her, damn her!
Oh, defend me!
Oh, devil, devil!
Oh, did he?
Oh, send me!
Oh, don’t think you’re standing on the rivage and seeing a city dancing in the sand, because this majestically fleet is holding its course to Harfleur.
Oh, don’t wish one more!
Oh, do-de, do-de, do-de.
Oh, excellent!
Oh, excellent!
Oh, I’m wrongly murdered!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Oh, be merciful on you, slanderer!
Oh, fie on you, strumpet!
Oh, be careful about them!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, fie!
Oh, let’s go, great king, to see the field safely and dispose of their dead bodies.
Oh, God 'i’m good.
Oh, God protect me!
Oh, he’s given us an example for our flight, most grossly by his own words!
Oh, he’s murdered his master!
Oh, he’s just in my mistress’s case, just in her case.
Oh, he’s gone.
Oh, he’s a lovely gentleman.
Oh, he’s returned, and he’s as pleasant as ever.
Oh, heaven forgive me!
Oh, heaven forgive us!
Oh, heaven have mercy on me!
Oh heaven, how did she get out?
Oh, I’m a big man!
Help!
Help!
Oh, here it is.
Oh, I’ll rest here forever and shake the yoke of savage stars from this world-wearied flesh.
Oh, here’s a wit of cheveril, that’s all from an inch narrow to an ell broad!
Oh, monster, we know what’s going on in a frippery.— Put off that gown, Trinculo.
Oh, ho!
Oh, horrible, horrible, most horrible!
Oh, how he loves Caesar!
Oh, how long I’ve been to chat with her!
Oh, how I love you!
Oh, how my eyes loathe his face now!
Oh, I’m out of breath in this sane chase.
Oh, I’m dead!
Oh, I’m dead!—My lord, you have one eye left to see some mischief on him.
Oh, I’m spoiled, and wiped out by villains!
Oh, I’m gone, I’m gone!
Oh, I could play the woman with my eyes and braggart with my tongue!
Oh, I could weep my spirit from my eyes.
Oh, I die for food.
Oh, I followed the one I’m blushing to look at!
Oh, I’ve heard him speak of that brother, and he made him the most unnatural man who lived among men.
Oh, I’ve read it.
Oh, I’ve suffered with those who I saw suffer.
Oh, I was damned in hell, but I did not have any reason to go to this extreme.
Oh, if it turns out, the tastiest tastiest safts are kind and love is fresh!
Oh, if you only knew how to do it, you’d be a fool!
Oh, in this love, you love your child so badly that you run crazy, seeing that she’s well.
Oh, is it coming to this?
Oh, is that all?
Oh, is this he?
Oh, it came to me like a sweet sound, which breathes on a bank of violets, smelling and giving odor to the ear.
Oh, it’s monstrous, monstrous.
Oh, it’s my love.
Oh, it offends me to hear a prank-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings, who are capable of nothing
Oh, lay me on my mistress’s side.
Oh, let me see you walk!
Oh, let the heavens defend him against the elements, because I’ve lost him on a dangerous sea.
Oh, let their bodies follow, my dear liege, with blood and sword and fire to win your right, and we will raise your Highness as much as the clergy brought in to any of your ancestors at once.
Let’s go.
Oh, let’s be merciful.
Oh, look, sir, look, sir!
Oh, look!
Oh, let’s end what I’ve begun!
Oh, my lieutenant!
Oh, mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities.
Oh, misfortune!
Oh, monstrous!
Oh, most lame and impotent conclusion!
Oh, I’m afraid some ill-looking thing.
Oh, my daughter!
Oh, my dear Cassio!
Oh, my fortune has corrupted honest men!
Oh, my heart bleeds to think about the teen I’ve turned you to, which is from my memory!
Oh, my lord, we have ten proofs to prove that blood has won.
Oh, my pardon!
Oh, my soul’s joy!
Oh no, good Kate.
Oh no.
Oh, noble weakness!
Oh, goodbye to the calm mind now.
Oh, now you cry, and I think you feel the pity of pity.
Oh, now, who will see the royal captain of this ruined band
Oh, Oh, Oh!
Oh, ominous!
Oh, on my soul, my cousin is belied!
Oh, out of that “no hope” you have so much hope!
Oh, pardon me, Signior Gremio, I’d rather do something.
Oh, quick, or I’m gone.
Oh, that’s rare for Antony!
Oh, you’re rarely a base!
Oh, relation is too nice and yet true!
Oh, say that, and so be!
Oh, she’s teaching the torches to burn bright!
Oh, she’s lame!
Oh, she’s ten times more gentle than her father’s crabbed, and he’s composed of harshness.
Oh, she knew well that your love was written by a man who couldn’t spell it.
Oh, she was foul!—I didn’t know you, uncle.
Oh, she was heavenly!
Oh, she’ll sing the savageness of a bear!
Oh, a foot so light will never wear out the everlasting flint.
Oh, speak about that.
Oh, strange!
Oh, strange!
Oh, I’m going to sleep like this, so I could see another man like that!
Oh, sweet England!
Oh, temperance, lady!
Oh, ten times faster the pigeons of Venus fly to seal love’s bonds, new ones, than they are wont keep their faith unforfeited.
Oh, that a lady of one man who refused to marry another should be abused!
Oh, so a man can know what happened to this day!
Oh, that brave Caesar!
Oh, that estates, degrees and offices weren’t corrupted, and that honor was inherited by the wearer!
Oh, that’s what they say.
Oh, that his fault should make you a king, that’s not what you’re sure of!
Oh, I wouldn’t be able to serve that lady and be delivered to the world until I had made my own occasion, what my estate is.
Oh, I wish I were a fool!
Oh, I wish I were a glove on that hand so I could touch that cheek!
Oh, I wish I were a man for his sake!
Oh, I wish I were a man!
Oh, I wish I could see such a king!
Oh, that record is lively in my soul!
Oh, she knew she were!
Oh, that the earth, which kept the world in awe, should patch a wall to expel the winter’s flaw!
Oh, that the slave had forty thousand lives!
Oh, we had only one ten thousand of those men in England who don’t work today.
Oh, we could come here by Caesar’s spirit and not dismember Caesar!
Oh, the woman who can’t make her fault her husband’s occasion, will never nurse her child herself, because she’ll make it look like a fool.
Oh, that you bore the mind that I do, what a sleep you had for your advancement!
Oh, that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill!
Oh, your Highness knew my heart in this: I never loved my brother in my life.
Oh, that’s a brave man.
Oh, that’s well said—the chair!
Oh, the cry knocked on my heart!
Oh, the difference between man and man!
Oh, the good gods!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the heavens!
Oh, the more angel she is, and you the blacker devil!
Oh, the people in the street cry “Romeo,” some “Juliet,” and some “Paris,” and all run out of anger toward our monument.
Oh, the world doesn’t have a sweeter creature, she might lie by the side of an emperor and command him to do his job.
Oh, then she was old and gentle, and you rode, like a kern of Ireland, off your French hose and in your straight strossers.
Oh, then you’ll get more riches.
Oh, then I see that madmen have no ears.
Oh, then we’re bringing out weeds when our quick minds lie still, and our ills told us that is as our earing.
Oh, then, I see that Queen Mab has been with you.
Oh, then, what graces in my love dwell, that he has turned a heaven into a hell!
Oh, there’s been a lot of slurping of brains.
Oh, so it hangs a tail.
Oh, these flaws and starts, which are a real threat, would well be a woman’s story in a winter’s fire, authorized by her grandma.
Oh, these men, these men!
Oh, they’re our friends.
Oh, they’re taking the role of a better wrestler than myself.
Oh, do you think we’ll ever meet again?
Oh, this false soul of Egypt!
Oh, this is the thing that makes your servants droop!
Oh, this is the poison of deep grief.
Oh, you’re wrong.
Oh, you’re wise!
Oh, you never loved so much.
Oh, you’re going to talk about banishment again.
Oh, your vile lady!
Oh, treason of the blood!
Oh, treble pain is ten times more painful on that slurdy head, who your wicked sense has deprived you of!
Oh, I’m a villain!
Oh, villain!
Oh, you’re villainous!
Oh, villainy, villainy!
Oh, was she?
Oh, good-bye, Lady!
Oh, what a falsehood that’s good for you!
Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave I am!
Oh, what a world this is when something strange has envested the man who bears it!
Oh, what authority and truth can a sinner hide with?
What a good idea!
Oh, when she wrote it and read it over, she found “Benedick” and “Beatrice” between the sheets?
Oh, where is Romeo?
Oh, where did you lead me, Egypt?
Who did this deed?
Why are you rebuking the man who loves you so much?
Oh, the widow Dido?
Oh, the war has gotten rid of you.
Oh, what a sad day!
Oh, wonder!
Oh, what a wonderful thing!
Oh, wretched villain!
Oh yes, I heard them all, and more, because some of them had more feet in them than the verses would bear.
Oh, but I’m sorry I killed them.
Oh, you and I have heard our fathers say that Brutus once was the one who would have fought for your eternal devil to keep his state in Rome as easily as a king.
Oh, you’re men of stones.
Oh, you’re sick of self-love, Malvolio, and you’re hungry.
Oh!
Old Cassius still.
Old fashions please me best.
I’m old, and honor is cudgeled from my limbs.
Old lord, I can’t blame you, who is attached to my sanity to dulling my spirits.
Old Montague is coming, and he’s thriving in spite of me.
I’ve only arrived here since I arrived at a moderate pace.
On a trice, please, even in a dream we were separated from them and brought to mop here.
On each side her savage, savage, savage boys, like smiling Cupids, with colorful fans, whose wind seemed to glow the delicate cheeks they cooled, and what they und
On Fortune’s cap we’re not the button.
I’ll lay on him what you want on me, the right and fortune of his happy stars, which God defends that I should wring from him.
On me, who’s stopped and is missing out on me?
On me, whose all that’s not Edward’s?
I beg you to scold me for a bit of raiment, bed, and food.” Good sir, don’t worry.
We’re floating on such a full sea now, and we have to take the current when it serves us or lose our business.
On the ground sleep sound.
On the sixth hour, my lord, you said our work should stop.
It’s not a blemish on their clothes, but a fresher one than before.
On Thursday, sir?
I’ll give you a chance to stay!
I’m directing you on your love.
On Tuesday noon, or night, or Wednesday morning.
What do I have to do to do?
If God knows what happens, you and your brother York have taken refuge in the queen.
On, lusty gentlemen.
On, on, on, on, on!
On, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on
Go on, to the field!
On.
Now, remove your sword, my friends.
Once again to the wall, dear friends, once more, or close the wall with our English dead!
Again, goodbye.
Once again, Cesario, get out of the same cruelty that is committed by the sovereigns.
Again, good night, kind lords and gentlemen.
Once more, what’s the news?
One aloof man is a sentinel.
One Angelo, a goldsmith.
One cried, “God bless us!” and “Amen” the other, as they had seen me with these hangman’s hands.
One dead, or drunk?
One doesn’t know how much a bad word can affect liking.
A man who’s draught over the heat makes him a fool, the second is mad, and a third drowns him.
Someone ever near you.
One face, one voice, one habit, and two people!
One more fair man than my love?
One from the Lord Stanley.
One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.
I live, and as I live, I’m a maid.
One inch of delay is more than a South Sea discovery.
One of us is too poor, too weak for my revenge.
I’ll kiss you, and I’ll descend.
One knocks.
One knocks.
One who is minded like the weather, most unquietly.
One of my fellows had the speed of him, who, almost dead for breath, had barely more than to make up his message.
One of them is the one who wins and loses all the money.
One of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey.
One of these three is a picture of her.
One side will mock another—the other will.
I loved one speech in the first place.
You’ll be freed by one stroke from the tribute you pay.
One old Frederick, your father, loves.
One more thing is to make one of these wooers.
One inexplicable thing shows me another, to make me despise myself.
One way I like this.
One of the worst things is treading on another’s heel so fast they follow.—Your sister’s drowned, Laertes.
One more word will make me remark on you, if not hate you.
One more thing, honest neighbors.
One more thing.
One word, sir.
One would think his mother’s milk was scarce from him.
God has made himself a man, gentlewoman, to be a martyr.
One of you, Kate, you must kiss and be familiar with.—Where are my slippers?
I’m saying that he dares to do more than you’ve heard him brag about you.
One?
One.
We’ll give you the reason why I, who loved Caesar when I struck him, have now proceeded.
Please, pardon me for this.
I’ll kiss you soon.
Just give me permission to follow you, as unworthy as I am.
Only he hasn’t yet subscribated this: Where your Majesty demands that the king of France, having any occasion to write for a grant, names your Highness in this form and with this addition
I’ll wait for a moment to die, until I’ve gotten over many thousand kisses from the poor.
Only I’m saying things have been borne strangely.
I’ll only give up to die.
Only in the world I’m filling up a place that can be better positioned when I’ve made it empty.
I stood out, and if I’m thrown in this place, I’ll pay dear.
Only the adulterous Antony, most large in his abominations, turns you off and gives his powerful regiment to a trull that’s threatening us.
I can afford her, because if she were other than she is, she would be unhandsome, and since she is as beautiful as she is, I don’t like her.
I’ll do anything to keep them from being beaten.
Open it, and read it.
Open the tomb.
Open your gates.
Open the door, locks, whoever knocks.
Ophelia, walk here.
Or any of your factions?
Or as if it were perfumed by a fen.
Or be alive again, and dare me to the desert with your sword.
Or was it a blessing that we did?
Or did it come with such a fair question as soul to soul?
Or Charles or something weaker will be mastering you.
Or did I dream about it?
Or did the letters work on his blood and create his fault?
Or are you just fake?
Or are you playing the jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan is a rare carpenter?
Or docks, or mallows.
Or is he walking?
Or else it stood for friends to choose— Oh hell, to choose love by another’s eyes!
Or else she couldn’t have the wit to do this.
Or else what’s going on?
Or have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason for prisoner?
Or the man who killed her brothers and her uncles?
Or here, or at the Capitol.
Or I forget myself?
Or I don’t have any respect for it.
Or I’ll live or bathe my honor in the blood and make it live again.
Or I, I promise you.
Or I’ll give him your indignation by word of mouth.
Or if it didn’t, your first one is dead or was as good as his own, as he was living here and you didn’t use him.
If not, then I’ll hit it right here: Romeo hasn’t been in bed tonight.
Or if you follow me, I’ll do you mischief in the woods.
Or if you’ve not broken away from business, like my passion now makes me, you’ve never loved it.
Or if you haven’t sat as I do now, you’ve been scolded by your mistress’s praise, you haven’t loved.
Or if you’ve ruined your life by destroying your treasure in the earth’s womb, for which you’re often killed, tell me about it.
Or image of that horror?
Or is he on his horse?
Or is the eal better than the eal because his painted skin is full of eyes?
Or are your ewes and rams in gold and silver?
Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and marry!
Or like a whale.
Or neither?
Or mine either?
Or rather bottomless, that as fast as you pour affection in, it’s out.
Or, do I tell you in the clearest way I don’t, or I can’t, love you?
Or rather, do your pleasure.
Or say sweet love, what you want to eat.
Or should I say her uncle?
Or should I think she’s immured in silver, being ten times undervalued to gold?
Or should we go on without apology?
Or do I sleep now and think I hear all this?
Or stole it, rather.
Or that any friend I had would be a man for my sake!
Or to be naked with her friend in bed for an hour or more, without any harm?
Or what are you?
Or who pronounced the bitter sentence of poor Clarence’s death before I could be sentenced by law?
Or are you planning to hunt?
Or would you want me to speak like a tyrant to their sex?
Or, if I fail, I’ll put the Moor at least in a jealousy so strong that judgment can’t cure it.
Or, if his mind is written, give me his letter.
Or, if sour sorrows are in fellowship and are ranked with other griefs, why not, when she said “Tybalt’s dead,” “your father” or “your mother,” no, or both
Or, if you want to swear by your gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, and I’ll believe you.
Or, if you borrow one another’s love for the moment, you can return it again when you don’t hear any more about Pompey.
Or, if you don’t, make the bridal bed in the dim tomb where Tybalt lies.
Or, if you want, come home to me, and I’ll wait for you.
Orlando is recommending him to you both, and he sends this bloody napkin to the young man he calls his Rosalind.
Orlando, my liege, is the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys.
Orlando?
Orlando.
Orsino, noble sir, be pleased that I’m scolded by the names you give me.
Orsino, this is Antonio who took the king, and this is the one who took the king when your young nephew Titus lost his leg.
Orsino.
Oh, let some of you leave behind, and he’ll bring you to our commission, and all the things that are worthy of your respect and quality are important to you.
Oh, what?
Othello’s occupation has gone.
Other women cloy their appetites, but she makes hungry wherever she satisfies most, because the vilest things are in her, that the holy priests Bless her when she is rigging.
Our arms are in awe of sorrow and our hearts are in love with our brothers.
Our army will attend this funeral solemnly, then to Rome.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
Our brother is imprisoned by your means, myself disgraced, and the noblest is held in contempt, while great promotions are given daily to ennoble those who scarcely survived two days of
We’re so pityful that we’re your friend.
Caius Cassius, we’ll seem too bloody to cut off the head and then hack the limbs, like death and envy, because Antony is only a limb of Caesar.
I went to find him, and he didn’t come here.
We’re doing our duties, and we’re giving them the pledge.
We’re your duty.
Our enemies have beat us to the pit.
We’re expecting to see this day end.
Our fears in Banquo are deep, and his nature’s royalty is reigning the fear that would be feared.
Our forces are on land, and they’re nobility.
Our fortune lies on this jump.
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks in a terrible way.
Our nurse is a good friend, and he has a good reputation for being a good nurse.
I’ve sat on our ship, sir, and I’ve bought the oil, the balsamum and the aqua vitae.
Our friends are all waiting for you.
Our general swore so early for the love of Desdemona—who let us not blame him.
Our general’s wife is now the general.
Our good old friend, give us comfort and advice for our business, which demands immediate use.
Our gracious brother, I’ll go with them.
Our hour is full.
Our house is hell, and you, a merry devil, robbed it of some tediousness.
Our wedding cheers for a sad burial feast.
Our Italy is shattered with civil swords.
Our knocking has awakened him.
Our masquing mates will stay here at this time.
Our master and mistress are looking for you.
Our posts will be swift and intelligent.—Goodbye, dear sister.
Our power is ready; our lack is nothing but our leave.
We’re ready to get them.
Our business is to general trouble.
God has discovered our purpose, and I’m more sorry for my fault than for my death, which I ask your Highness to forgive, even though my body pays the price of it.
Our queen and all our elves come here.
Our reasons are so good that if you were Antony, the son of Caesar, you would be satisfied.
Our separated fortune will keep us both safe.
Our separation is so long and flies that you, who live here, are still with me, and I, hence fleeting, here remain with you.
Our sunk navy has knit again and flotted, threatening most sealike.
Our sex as well as I may chide you for it, even though I feel the injury alone.
Our sorrow, proportioned to our cause, must be as great as the one that makes it.
Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change, our bridal flowers serve as a burial corse, and everything changes them to the contrary.
Our son will win.
Our time is right now.
Our tongue is rough, coz, and my condition isn’t smooth, so that, having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery about me, I can’t conjure up the spirit of love in her so that
Our troops are going tomorrow.
Our wars are over, the Turks are drowned.
Our whole city is bound to him.
Our will is to take Antony alive.
Then heavens will change our worse thoughts.
Our yoke and suffering show us that we’re womanish.
We’ll mingle with the society and play the humble host.
We’re not ourselves.
Oh, that was my lady’s voice.
I swear you’re out of the moon.
Out of tune, sir.
Are you out of your wits and hearing too?
He’s not yet transported.
Out of my sight!
Out of my sight!—Don’t be offended, dear Cesario.—Rudesby, go away!
They’re dragging their saddles out of the dirt, and then a story is hung.
Out of these convertites there is much to be learned and heard.
She’s out of here, hilding!
Look out at you, look!
Out on her!
Get out of here, old carrion!
Come on!
Out, sorry!
Out, fool.
Out, loathless medicine!
Out, out, a brief candle!
Out, tawny Tartar, out!
Out, treacherous villain!
You’re out of luck!
You green sickness, carrion!
Out.
Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire.
I’m telling you that over your wounds, you’re oping their lips like dumb mouths, to beg my voice and speak my tongue—that curse will be a curse on the limbs of men.
Ha!
Pale or red?
Pardon me, dear Rosalind.
Pardon me, please.
Pardon me, sweet man, for the vows we made each other only so late ago.
Pardon me.
Don’t pardon that.
Pardon my frankness if I answer you for that.
Pardon this fault, and I swear I’ll never break an oath with you again.
Pardon me, dear father.
Pardon me, master.
Pardon me, my lord.
Pardon me, sweet father.
Part them!
Have you been pitying in good terms?
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I’ll say good night until it’s morrow.
Go!
Pass.
I see, passion is getting caught, because my eyes, seeing those sorrowful beads stand in yours, poured into water.
All of us were talking.
Question, because you see it won’t curl by nature.
Past mid season.
Let’s go.
Be calm!
Be calm, gentle Audrey.
Goodbye, sir.
Please, please!
Be patient, I say.
Pause for a moment, and let my counsel guide you in this case.
Pay him six thousand and deface the bond!
Let’s go with Burgundy.
So, calm down!
Quiet!
Let’s calm down.
Quiet, children, quiet.
Peace, doting wizard, peace.
Be quiet, fool.
Be quiet, fool.
Quiet, Grumio.
Quiet, for shame!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet, I say!
Peace, peace, Iras.
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, quiet!
Quiet, sir!
Quiet, Smulkin.
Peace, this piece of toasted cheese will do it.
Be quiet, you dull fool.
Quiet, you mumbling fool!
You rogue, don’t worry about that.
You were the best.
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Quiet.
Quiet.—Who’s this?
Peaseblossom.
I’ll sing it at her death.
I’ll walk again.
What do you think, sailors?
He’ll never mind me.
She can’t meet him.
Perchance until after Theseus’s wedding day.
I’ll never go home, Iago.
Perchance?
Perdie, your doors were locked, and you were shut out.
Perdition will catch my soul, but I love you!
I must admit I thought you were a gentleman who was more gentle.
Do it, or else we’ll damn you.” How, my love?
Maybe I’ll return immediately.
Maybe some merchant invited him, and he’s gone somewhere to dinner.
Maybe you’ve learned it without a book.
Perish the man who’s backward now!
I’ll be a bit more sane when I turn my back, and I’ll be a bit sane when I turn my back.
I’d rather be a slave and a sumpter to this detested groom.
Peter Quince— What do you say, bully Bottom?
Peter, did you see the same thing ever?
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter!
Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son, a man well known in all Italy.
Petruchio, go on your way; the field is won.
Petruchio, patience.
Petruchio, let’s go.
Phoebe wrote it.
Phoebe, with all my heart.
Take out our imperfections with your thoughts.
Pindarus, ask our commanders to lead their charges a little off this ground.
Pinion him like a thief, bring him to us.
Pisa, renamed for grave citizens, gave me my father and my being first, a merchant of great traffic through the world, Vincentio, come from the Bentivolii.
Pish for you, Iceland dog, you prick-eared curfew of Iceland!
Pish!
Pish!
Pitchers have ears.
A pitiful sight!
I thought he’d be so brave and sane, I’d have seen him damned if I had challenged him.
Plain and not honest is too harsh.
Plantagenet.
Play the men.
Play with your fancies and see, on the cliffs, shipboys climb.
Would you like your highness to grace us with your royal company?
Please, what’s your Grace doing?
Please, please, go on to the state affairs.
Please, come near.—Louder the music there!
Please, go further.
Please, sir, don’t omit the heavy offer.
Please, let me stay.
Please walk with me down to his house, I’ll pay my debt and thank you too.
If you ask your Grace to appoint some of your council members to sit with us once more with better attention to resurvey them, we’ll pass our acceptable and imprisoned answer suddenly.
If your Majesty wants to leave, I’ll meet my friends and meet your Grace, where and when your Majesty will please.
The time is short.
I’ve laid out a lot of dangerous inductions, by drunken prophecies, libels and dreams, to set my brother Clarence and the king in deadly hate, the one against the other.
Put his name out of his heart and turn him into a man.
Pluck out his eyes.
Pluck them asunder.
Pluck up your spirits.
Pluck up, my heart, and be sad.
When they shook the entrails of an offer, they couldn’t find a heart inside the beast.
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
I see, it’s been his lifelong end.—Oh, if you’re drunk, you’re drunk, and you’ve left no friendly drop to help me after that?
That’s the one who’s been panned.
Pompey is laughing away his fortune today.
Pompey is strong at sea, and it seems he is beloved by those who only feared Caesar.
Pompey is a tad bleak.
Oh, you’re talking like a green girl, unsifted in such a dangerous circumstance.
Poor and content is rich, and rich enough, but riches are as poor as winter to him that ever fears he will be poor.
Poor Antony!
Poor bird!
Poor heart, adieu.
I’m only a poor man.
Poor lady, she’ll run crazy when she’ll have it.
Poor living corse, closed in a dead man’s tomb!
Poor man!
Poor men alone?
Poor Ophelia was separated from herself and her judgment, even if we were mere beasts.
Poor painted queen, I’m a vain king, why do you strew on that bottled spider, who’s a deadly web that’s ensnatching you?
Poor prattler, how do you talk?
Poor soul, your face is abused with tears.
Poor soul!
Poor souls, they died.
Poor Tom has been scared out of his good intentions.
Poor Tom will lead you.
Poor Tom, your horn is dry.
Poor Tom’s a cold.
That’s something.
Poor venomous fool, be angry and be ready.
Portia is dead.
Portia, goodbye.
Portia, are you gone?
Portia, forgive me this imposed wrong, and I swear to you, even by your own fair eyes, wherein I see myself— don’t be afraid to do that!
Portia, what do you mean?
Don’t fear them.
Go back to him quickly and tell him what he’s going to do.
Post to Salisbury.
Post-haste, dispatch.
Pour in her blood that has eaten nine farrows.
I’ll endure.
Pox on it!
Please be God, not our strength, for it!
What do you say, James Soundpost?
Please, sir.
Please, he’s still oath!
Please, I say, I’m a useless coward!
Please, sir, your wife’s not sending you a worse one.
Please, I’m sorry I’m wrong about you.
Please, heaven, it’s the state that matters, as you think, and no conception or jealous toy about you.
I’ve served him, and the man commands him like a full soldier.
Now please rest yourself.
Please, corporal, stay.
Please go find him, and bring him to my tent.
Please, marry us.
Please, sweet Mistress Margaret, I’m sure you deserve my help by helping me to speak with Beatrice.
Please, take pain to allay your snoring spirit with some cold drops of modesty, so I can’t be fooled into the place I go to, and lose my hopes.
Please go.
Please, sir?
Please be patient.
Please come in.
Don’t be shy, sir.
Please lead me on.
Please, forget and forgive me.
Please do so now, no, because I’ve lost command.
Please sit still.
Please, don’t worry about it.
Please go away.
Please, be careful.
Please go with us.
Please hurry up your generals.
Please, if it’s true, give it to me, because I’m too slow to study.
Is he married to Cleopatra?
Please, keep your seat.
Please, let’s go, good monsieur.
Please, let Cassio be received again.
Please, let’s not have any more fooling about it, but give me your blessing.
Please, let’s sit together.
Please, don’t be sad, and don’t respond to any complaints about loath.
Please, don’t worry about this.
Do you know about this?
Please, sir, stand up.
Please sit down, because now we sit down to chat as well as eat.
Please tell him I’m a vassal of his fortune, and I’ll send him the greatness he has.
Please, tread carefully so that the blind mole can’t hear a foot fall.
Please, chuck, come here.
Please don’t mock me.
Please give me that.
Do you have a daughter named Katherina, fair and virtuous?
Please put it down and rest.
Please, sir, be patient.
Please, then, tell me one.
Please, what do you think is his name?
Please write down, “Borachio.”—Yours, sir?
Prepare the body then and follow us.
We’ll be ready for our marriage, my Lord of Burgundy, and all the other men’s wives, for sure of our marriage.
Prepare yourself, generals.
Don’t tell us what we’re doing.
Now, I’m away, because strange sores are causing the cure to be ruined.—Come, lady, let’s die to live.
Presently?
Right now.
Press near him and second him.
Pretty soul!
Primo, secundo, tertio is a good play, and the old saying is, the third is paying for everything.
Prince Dauphin, you’ll stay with us in Rouen.
Prince John has been stolen this morning secretly.
Princes and counties!
Princes have only their titles for their glories, an honor for an inward toil.
Prison, my lord?
Please give me some charity.
Please say true!
Go away.
Please, be cheerful.
Please, be content.
Please, don’t be angry.
Please, hurry up.
Please don’t turn me around.
Let’s go know Cassio where he supped tonight.—
Please, friend, listen to me, the good and bad together.
Go inside.
Please, how many boys and wenches should I have?
Please tell me if you love me.
Please keep up your quillets.
Please listen well.
Please, my king, be quiet.
Please, don’t worry.
Please, my mother, be content.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please, calm down.
Please put up.
Please, tell me.
Please, see there!
Please, who are you talking about?
Go ahead, Moon.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Solinus, go get my fall and end all the suffering and all.
Go ahead.
Proculeius, what your master Caesar knows, and he sent for you.
Give me life, and I’ll confess the truth.
Tell all our friends to do it for me, sir, because my heart says they’re welcome.
Tell me that sentence, my liege.
Well, then, tell me: women can fall when men have no strength.
Pronounce.
Proof enough to misuse the Prince, vex Claudio, undo Hero, and kill Leonato.
“Good,” and “I thank you,” and “I don’t thank you,” and yet “not proud”?
If you prove that I’ve lost more blood with love than I’ll get again with drinking, pick out my eyes with a ballad maker’s pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house
I’m going to be for you now, brother.
Tell me what your heart wants.
Provoke him that he can.
Don’t fight until we’ve finished at sea.
Puppet”?
Go ahead and get him to a peace.
Push home.
Put color in your cheek.
Put enough money in your purse.
Put money in your purse.
Put off your maiden blushes, avouch the thoughts of your heart with the look of an empress, take me by the hand and say “Harry of England, I am yours,” which you’
Put on my crown.
Put on what you’re a savage man, you and your fellow servants.
Put on your nightgown.
Put out the light, and then put out the light.
Put them to motion.
Put up your sword or take it to take these men with me.
Put your sword on the sword.
Put your torches out.
Pyramus is near the wall.
Quiet, crush, conclude, and quell!
Quiet, sir?
Queen Margaret saw your murdrous falchion smoking in his blood, the one you bended against her breast once, but your brothers beat aside the point.
Questioning is a big deal for him.
Question it, Horatio.
Your Grace, the late ambassadors, ask how great he heard their embassy, how well he was able to provide noble counselors, how modest in exception, and how terrible in constant resolution, and you’ll find his
Question: why, an hour in a clamor and a quarter in rheum.
Quick, quick!
Let me have it quickly.
Send—be brief in it—to the castle, because my writ is about Lear and Cordelia.
Quiet, you cudgel.
Is that dumb?
Quot my master.
Rage, blow!
Raise up the Montagues.
You’re putting your fruitful words in my ears, that long time has been barren.
Rapier and dagger.
Rarely, rarely.
Ratcliffe, come to my tent around midnight and help me arm me.
Ratcliffe, come here.
Ratcliffe, my lord, it’s me.
Ratcliffe!
Instead, a ditch in Egypt should be a gentle grave to me.
I’d rather go to bed early than be late!
Instead, make my country’s high pyramids my gibbet and hang me in chains!
Instead, lay me naked on Nilus’s mud and let the waterflies blow me into abhorring.
You’re more likely to see him with his judgment.
Read it instantly.
Read it, great Caesar.
Read it, Mark Antony!
Read it.
Read the will!
Read the will.
Read this challenge.
Read.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Get ready, my lord.
You’re ready, sir.
Ready.
Ready.
Realms and islands were dropped from his pocket as plates dropped from his pocket.
Rebellious dead, never rise until the woods of Birnam rise, and our high-placed Macbeth will live the life of nature, pay his breath to time and mortal custom.
Is it a rebellion at these years?
Get it.
Get what you want.
Don’t refuse it.
Don’t refuse this profane love, mighty lord.
Regan, I hope you didn’t know about it.—Who’s this?
Regan, I think you are.
Titinius, tell me what you’re not aware of on the field.
Relent, and save your souls.
Relent, sweet Hermia—And Lysander, give your crazèd title to my certain right.
Relent?
Stay in the darkness.
Remember to possess his books first, because without them he’s just a savage, as I am, and he’s not a single spirit to command.
Remember it, my lord?
Remember March, remember March’s lands.
Remember me.
Remember me.” I’ve sworn it.
Remember our reward when the deed’s done.
Remember that you call on me today.
Remember you!
Remember what I’ve said.
Remember who commended your yellow stockings—” Your yellow stockings?
Do you remember anyone who died on it?
Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
Renown and grace are dead.
Renowned duke, please take the pains to go with us here and hear at large all our fortunes, and all the people who are assembled in this place that have suffered wrong by this sympathizated one day.
You’re a good man, or you’ll fall to ruin.
Is he paying for my deep service with such a deep contempt?
Repent that you’ll lose your friend, and he doesn’t repent that he’s paying your debt.
Repent that you’ve been so trampled by your tongue.
Don’t reply.
Report is a changeable one.
Repose you there while I go to this hard house—more difficult than the stones where it’s raised—which, even now, demanding you, denied me to come in—return and force their sane courtesy
Reproach and everlasting shame sits in our bushes.
Reputation, reputation, reputation!
Rescue, dear lord, or the day is lost!
Rescue, my lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Reserve them until a merrier hour than this.
Rest happy!
Have a good day!
Go to the place where you’re seated.
Retire to our room.
Retire!
Return to her, and fifty men were dismissed?
Come with her?
Return to my sister.
Return to the gracious duke, good Catesby.
Returned so soon?
Revenge his horrible and unnatural murder.
Revenge.
Revenges burn in them, because their dear causes would cause the bleeding and the grim alarm to excite the mortified man.
Revolving this will teach you how to curse yourself.
Richard, except those who fight against us would rather win than follow him.
Richard loves Richard, that’s me and I.
Richard of York, how is our loving brother?
Richard still lives, hell’s black intelligencer, only reserved their power to buy souls and send them to the world.
Richard!
Richmond is on the seas.
A raging confession is only a riddling shrift.
Ride to the horsemen on another hill.
Do you ride this afternoon?
Ride, ride, Messala, ride, and give these bills to the legions on the other side.
Ride, ride, Messala.
I’m glad he wasn’t in this fight.
We’re so happy to see your face, most worthy brother England.
It’s true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him, or both of them dissemble their affections deeply.
Good, dear madam.
Right, as snow is in the harvest.
Right, I mean you.
Ring the bell.
I’m a rooster, to be engulfed with those mouth-made vows that break themselves in swearing!
Rise and lend your ear.
Robin Starveling, the tailor?
Robin Starveling, you have to play Thisbe’s mother.—Tom Snout, the tinker?
Roderigo?
Roderigo!
Rogue, you’ve lived too long.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers!
Rome, you’ve lost the breed of noble bloods!
Romeo can, even though heaven can.
Romeo is banned.” There’s no end, no limit, no measure, no bound, in the word’s death.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo must not live.
Romeo will thank you, daughter, for both of us.
Romeo killed him, and Mercutio killed him.
Romeo killed Tybalt.
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo, go away!
Romeo, come out.
Romeo, he cries, “Hold, friends!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Romeo, will you come to your father’s house?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo!—Oh, what’s this blood that stains the stony entrance of the sepulcher?
Romeo.
Romeo’s a dishclout to him.
There’s room for Antony, most noble Antony!
There’s room!
There’s room!
Rosalind is your love’s name?
So Rosalind has no love for you, and I’m one.
Rosalind is a better leer man than you are.
Round, even to faultiness.
I answered quickly.
Royal Egypt, Empress!
Royal Lear, who I’ve ever honored as my king, loved as my father, followed as my master, as my great patron thought on my prayers— The bow is bent and drawn.
Royal Queen!
Royal wench!
Rub him around the temples.
A ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow, for tender princes, use my babies well.
Rumble your bellyful!
I’m telling you abroad that Anne, my wife, is very sick.
Run after that peeveish messenger, the county’s man.
Run away, please!
Run away, proclaim, cry about the streets.
Run one before the Queen and tell the Queen about our actions.
Run to the Capitol, and nothing else?
Run to the Capulets.
Run to your houses, fall on your knees, and pray to the gods to stop the plague that needs to be eradicated.
Run, master, run.
Run, run, Oh, run!
Sad, lady!
Saddle my horses.
He’s safe in a ditch, with twenty trenched gashes on his head, which is the least death to nature.
Stay safe, Antony.
Safely stowed.
I’m safer than I’m going to trust you too far.
Didn’t he say that?
Did you say that?
Sailors, my lord, they say.
Saint Davy’s day has passed.
Saint Francis, be my speed!
Saint Valentine is past.
Saints don’t move, even if they grant for prayers’ sake.
She’s smothered you there.
Satan, don’t worry!
Save the means to live.
Save you, Curan.
Save you, friend, and your music.
Save you, Cassio!
Save you, gentleman.
Save you, worthy general!
You’re saving your merry humor, here’s the note how much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, how fine the gold is, and how it’s a good, and that’s
Saw who?
Have you seen anything?
Did you see him today?
Have you seen me, my lord?
Didn’t you see anything else?
Did you see the king today, my lord of Derby?
Did you see the weird sisters?
Did you see him enter the abbey here?
Did you see the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
If it’s not true, I’ll give you a province and make your fortunes proud.
No, Orlando, men are April when they woo, December when they wed.
Say again, where did you leave these varlets?
Say boldly.
Say either, and I’ll keep the situation.
Tell me from the time you owe this strange intelligence, or why you’re stopping our way on this blasted heat with such prophetic greetings.
Say I’m sick.
Say I will love her everlastingly.
Say I’m her sovereign, I’m her subject.
Say it’s done, and I’ll love you and prefer you for it.
Say it, Othello.
Don’t say that, Agrippa.
Don’t say that.
Say goodbye, my loving lord.
We’ll have to leave here quickly.
She’s mute and won’t speak a word.
Say she will be a high and mighty queen.
Say that I did all this for her love.
Say that I waited with you at your shop to see the making of her carcanet, and that you’ll bring it home tomorrow.
Say I didn’t slew them.
Say that I wish he never had more reason to become a master.
I’ll say she frowns, and she looks as clear as roses werehed with dew.
Say she’s a railing; then I’ll tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale.
Say that some lady, as maybe there is, has a great heart for you as much as Olivia has for you.
Say that the last I spoke was “Antony,” and say it, prit, in a pitiful way.
Say they’re not doing their jobs.
Say you’ve overheard us, and bid her to steal into the sand where honeysuckles ripened by the sun forbid the sun to enter, like favorites made by princes, who advance their pride against
Say that you don’t love me, but don’t say that in bitterness.
Say that I’m still alive.
If this becomes him—as he’s very brave, he’s not blemishing—you can’t excuse Antony’s slurds when we bear so much lightness.
Say “Yes,” and that bare vowel is more than the death-darking eye of cockatrice.
Tell me whose fortunes will rise, Caesar’s or mine?
Tell the king I’d like to go to his leisure for a few words.
Tell the king the truth about the king’s story, as long as you left it.
Say what you want, sir, but I know what I know.
Is Horatio there?
Say you’ve wronged her, sir.
Do you say that?
What do you say?
Say, “the brave Antony.” The valiant Caesar!
Do you agree that they will die?
What’s the cost?
What’s that?
Say, if you’d rather hear it from our mouths or from our masters’.
Is your tardy master now at hand?
My spirit, how are the king and his followers doing?
Say, uncle Gloucester, if our brother comes, where will we go until our coronation?
Say, Voltemand, what’s the news from our brother Norway?
What?
Tell me that, friend?
Do you say that?
Do you say that the house is dark?
Sblood, an arrant traitor as any other in the universal world, or in France, or in England!
But you won’t hear me!
Sblood, do you think I’m easier to play than a pipe?
Sblood, there’s something more natural than that, if philosophy could find it.
Don’t scold my cups and make as much of me as when my empire was yours too, and suffered my command.
Scape being drunk for wanting to drink.
Sconce” call you it?
Scorn and defiance, slight regard, contempt, and anything that doesn’t make him a mighty sender, are the things he rewards you.
Scout me for him at the corner of the orchard like a bum-baily.
Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.
Scratching couldn’t make it worse if it were as beautiful as yours were.
Scurvy knave!
Scurvy knave!
Seafaring men, sir.
Seal then, and everything is done.—Eros!—I’m coming, my Queen.—Eros!—Stay for me.
Wait a while until we can clear these ambiguities and know their origin, their head, their true descent.
Search every acre in the high-growth field and bring him to our eyes.
Search, search, and know how this horrible murder comes about.
I searched the window for a flint, and found this paper, sealed up so I can see it wasn’t there when I went to bed.
I’ll give you this marvel, upon the witness of these gentlemen.
Are you Sebastian?
Sebastian was my father, and such a Sebastian was my brother too, so he went to his watery tomb.
Security gives way to conspiracy.
Look, Lear, and let me remain the true blank of your eyes.
See for the news.
See him delivered, Fabian; bring him here.
See how beastly she is defending him!
See how she leans her cheeks on her hand.
See how they kiss and court!
Look how justice is defending a simple thief.
See it done and feast the army.
Don’t see me anymore, whether he’s dead or not.
Don’t see your bride in these unreliable robes.
I’ll give you more instructions.
Don’t see you’re dissembling me.
See what a rent the envious Casca made.
Look at him.
See where his Grace is, two clergymen.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives as prisoners to her womanly persuasion.—Kathleen, that cap of yours won’t be you.
Look, she’s coming from shrift with a merry look.
See where they come.
Look, and then speak yourself.
See, Caesar!
Is he breathing?
Here he comes.
Look, it’s stalking away.
Look, my women, if they can’t stop their nose against the rose that kneeled to the buds.—Admit him, sir.
Look, here comes the man we went to seek.
See, see, our honored hostess!
They’re greeted with their hearts' thanks.
Who’s coming?
Look, your wife’s with him.
You’ll never see” if you’re ever.—Fellows, hold the chair.—I’ll set my foot on your eyes.
Seek him, ask him to come here.
Look for him, Titinius, while I’m going to meet the noble Brutus, thrusting this report into his ears.
Look at it.
Seek your own ease.
Don’t seek to know more.
Look for him, so that his rage will dissolve the life that wants to lead it.
Seek!
They look religious?
Don’t you see it?
You’re here, this is the mouth of your cell.
Are you seeing this sweet sight?
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselme and his beauteous sisters; the lady widow of Vitruvio; Seigneur Placentio and his lovely nieces; Mercuti
Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena.” A fair assembly.
I’m jealous of you, savage, beat it down.
Self-love, my liege, is not as vile a sin as self-neglecting.
Send for him, uncle.
Send for the county.
Send for the man and ask him.
Send him here, and I’ll make him look like a man.
Send one to Sir Toby.
Send out more horses.
Send the deed to me, and I’ll sign it.
Send your man away.
Send your token of reprieve.
Send to his brother.
Sent him to Macduff?
Servant-monster”?
Serve God, love me, and heal me.
Serve God.
Serve you, sir.
Service.
Set up your venerable burden and let him feed.
Set down your honorable duty, if you can shroude your honor in a hearse, while I obsessively lament the untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
Set him up before me.
Wait a minute.
Set it down.
Put the stoups of wine on that table.
Tell me where you stand.
Tell your wife to watch.
Set up, and don’t leave out any ceremony.
We’ll put our squadrons on the hill, in the eye of Caesar’s battle, and then we can see the number of ships and proceed accordingly.
Write this down.
Set your countenance, sir.
Rest your heart.
Seven days and seven nights?
Seven of my people make up for him with a obedient start.
Sextus Pompeius is approaching the port of Rome.
Seyton!
Seyton!—I’m sick at heart when I see—Seyton, I say!—This push will cheer me ever, or disseat me now.
Shake it off.
Shake off this sleepy sleep, which is fake, and look at death itself!
Shake!” quoth the dovehouse.
Shall it be tonight at supper?
Should Caesar send a lie?
Shall I live in this dull world, which isn’t better than a sty?
Shall I attend your Grace?
Should I be scolded when a madman stares?
Should I be married tomorrow morning?
Shall I be plain?
Should I be tempted by the devil like this?
Shall I believe that death is amorous, and that the evil monster keeps you here in dark to be his paramour?
Shall I deny you that?
Shall I go down?
Should I do such a thing?
Should I do what the Parthian darts, even though they were enemy, lost their aim and couldn’t do?
Should I say a word?
Should I go fetch your nightgown?
Should I go win my daughter to your will?
Should I have some water?— Come, Kate, and wash, and welcome heartily.—You whoreson villain!
Should I have the thought to think about this, and should I have the thought that such a thing that’s been ruined would make me sad?
Should I hear from you soon?
Should I keep your hogs and eat husks with them?
Shall I know your answer?
Should I die of perjury?
Shall I play my freedom at the shack and become your slave?
Should I tell Caesar what you want from him?
Shall I say to you, “Let them be free!
Should I speak a word in your ear?
Should I strike at it with my partisan?
Should I strike now?
Shall I tell you why?
Should I tell her that you’re coming?
Shall Kate be my wife?
It won’t be long, but I’ll be here again.
Shall they hoist me up and show me the clinging screams of Rome?
Shall they see us?
Should we be sundered?
Should we call in the ambassador, my liege?
Should we clap into it roundly, without hawking or spitting or saying we’re hoarsing, which are the only prologues to a bad voice?
Should we do that?
Should we give up and drown?
Should we go see the ruins of this town?
Should we go find Benedick and tell him about her love?
Should we go send them dinners and fresh suits, and give their fasting horses a provender, and fight with them after that?
Shall we go, coz?
Should we hear from you, Catesby, if we sleep?
Shouldn’t we, Sir Andrew?
Shall we?
Shall we play, sweet girl?
Should we rouse the nightowl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver?
Shall we see this wrestling, cousin?
Shall we shog?
Shall we sound him?
Will we see their sane pageant?
Should we go to court?
Should you rot even in your love-springs?
You’ll see that your other daughter will use you kindly.
Shame on Romeo!
Shame on you!
Shame on ladies, sisters!
Shame, eternal shame, nothing but shame!
She ate no meat today, and no one will eat it.
She wants you to come to her.
She can’t be as good as a man, even if she’s as intelligent and witful as she is prized to have, as to refuse a gentleman as rare as Signior Benedick.
She can’t deny it.
She can’t wait to hear about a husband.
She can’t love, and she can’t take any shape or project of affection.
She admits it.
She creeps.
She wants to speak with you in her closet before you go to bed.
She praised my yellow stockings of late, she praised my leg being cross-gartered, and in this she manifests herself to my love, and drives me to these habits of her liking.
She did.
She showed favor to the young man in your sight only to exasperate you, awaken your dormouse valor, put fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver.
She died, my lord, but she lived while her slander was alive.
She dies for it.—Eros, ho!
She strays around by holy crosses, where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock hours.
She’s good.
She’s false with Cassio!
She isn’t for Edward, and so do I. I’m not for Clarence, and she isn’t.
She gave it to him, and he gave it to him.
She gave it to Cassio?
She tells you to marry her.
She had a fear of what has happened.
She had a song called “Willow,” a thing she remembers as a child, but it said her fortune and she died singing it.
She’s fooled her father, and you may.
She’s always lighted by her.
She has robbed me of my sword.
She’s said what she shouldn’t have said, I’m sure of that.
She has betrayed me and will die.
She’s good enough to leave.
She hasn’t seen the change of fourteen years.
She has stopped me.
She’s spied him with those sweet eyes already.
She has the stones on her, and the ducats.” Why, all the boys in Venice follow him, crying, “His stones, his daughter, and his ducats!”
She has, and in that way she’s making huge wastes, because she’s starved with her severity, she’s cutting her beauty off from all the posterity.
She’s haunting me in every place.
She appeared in the habiliments of the goddess Isis that day, and then gave the audience, as it’s reported.
She’s a royal princess.
She’s a virtuous and reverend lady.
She’s been banished.
She’s scolded past man’s thought.
She’s damned for it.
She’s the daughter of this famous Duke of Milan, whom I’ve heard so often, but never saw before, and whom I’ve received a second life.
She’s dead.
She’s already drowned in salt, though I’m attempting to drown her memory with more.
She’s a dowry.
She’s really perfection.
She’s low-key.
She’s never sad, but when she sleeps, and not ever sad then, because I’ve heard my daughter say she’s dreamed of unhappiness and woke up laughing.
She’s not well.
She’s not worth you, then.
She isn’t, madam.
She’s so kind, so kind, so apt, so blessed, she’s a good man, and she doesn’t want to do anything more than she wants.
She’s the capital demand, which is comprised of the relics of our articles.
She’s convinced I’ll marry her out of her own love and flattery, not out of my promise.
She’s a protector of her honor, too.
She’s spherical, like a globe.
She’s stirring, sir.
She’s your own.—What, Ariel!
She’s too big for me to compass.
She’s too fair, too wise, too fair to merit bliss by making me despair.
She knows the heat of a luxurious bed.
She lives.
She loved me for the dangers I had passed, and I loved her because she pityed them.
She loves me, sure!
She looked at me so much that I thought her eyes had lost her tongue, because she was distracted.
She mocks all her wooers out of court.
She must change for youth.
She’ll be my sister, not my wife.
She’s stealing me.
She gave her life, your name was so buried in her.
She replied that it would be better he became her guest, which she argued.
She’s sending this ring to you, sir.
She robs you of your name, and you’ll show more bright and virtuous when she’s gone.
She said that.
She’s a simple bawd who can’t say as much.
She says you have some good sneezing in hand.
She sent Dromio home to dinner for you.
She will be buried by her Antony.
She will be buried with her face upwards.
She won’t harm you, Helena.
She won’t.
She will, Lucentio.
She should have died later.
She shows a body rather than a life, a statue than a breather.
She will know soon, by some of ours, how honorable and kindly we are determined for her, because Caesar cannot live to be ungtle.
She’s talking poniards, and every word stabs.
She’s talking, but she’s not saying anything.
She’s talking.
She stood and said something.
She’s swooning to see them bleed.
She thanked me and told me that if I had a friend who loved her, I would only teach him how to tell my story and that would woo her.
I’m not a wife, but I’m a wife.
She who will sliver and disbranch herself must wither and come to use deadly force.
She’s a dainty woman, I’ll swear, she’s a corn.
She was always fair and never proud, had tongue at will and was never loud, never lacked gold and yet went never gay, fled from her wish and said “Now I can,” she was angry, her revenge being 
The man who would alter your services with you, The Fortunate Unhappy” Daylight and champaign don’t discover anything more.
She who would be your wife now ran away from you.
She who, so young, could give her father such a look, to see her father’s eyes up close as oak, he thought it was witchcraft.
She told her that while she kept it, it would make her amiable and subdue my father to her love, but if she lost it or gave it to her, my father’s eyes should keep her from being lo
She took the ring of me.
She turned to a frightening, and she was a whore.
She was a vixen when she went to school.
She was false as water.
She was here right now.
She was from Carthage, not Tunis.
She was Caius Marcellus’s wife.
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain.
She was too good for me.
She was, good Curtis, before this frost.
She’s very helpful.
She was an excellent wife for Benedict.
She’ll be happy.
She’ll indite him to some supper.
She won’t come.
She won’t.
She’ll sit with you—you heard my daughter tell you how.
She’ll taste as good as a crab does to a crab.
She wished she hadn’t heard it, but she wished heaven had made her such a man.
She’ll be lamented, pitied and excused from every hearer, if she dies, as it must be.
She gave it to me, dying, and told me to give it to her when my fate would have me.
She’ll close and be herself while our poor malice is in danger of losing her old tooth.
She’s a beagle, a true-bred, and adores me.
She’s a triumphant lady, if she’s a good friend.
She’s an excellent sweet lady, and, out of all suspicion, she’s virtuous.
She’s busy, and she can’t come!” Is that an answer?
She’s just the sign and semblance of her honor.
She’s cold.
She’s dead as much as earth.
She’s dead too, our sovereign.
She’s dead, dead, she’s dead.
She’s dead, my Queen.
She’s dead, she’s dead, she’s dead!
She’s desperate.
She’s as fruitful as the free elements.
She’s in a very blessed condition.
She’s gone forever.
She’s like a liar who’s gone to hell.
She’s not fourteen.
She’s not well married, who lives married long, but she’s best married, who dies young.
She’s the worse for all this.
Sheathe your dagger.
You didn’t have any blood, or cut you less or more than a pound of flesh.
Shine out, fair sun, until I’ve bought a glass, so I can see my shadow as I pass.
I’ll leave my work soon, and you’ll have the air at freedom.
Should be”—should buzz!
Should I have answered Caius Cassius like that?
Should I lie, madam?
Shouldn’t I say, “Is a dog worth money?
Don’t jump on our course.
If you do that, my lord, my speech should be so bad that I didn’t think about it.
Show the way, sir.
Show his eyes and grieve his heart.
Show me how.
Show me the place.
Show me which way.
Show me, my women, like a queen.
Show me, show me.
Show.
Shut the doors after you.
Shut that up, and it’ll go out of the keyhole.
Shut up your doors, my lord.
Shut up your doors.
Shylock is my name.
Shylock, even if I don’t lend or borrow by taking or giving out excess, I’ll break a custom to give my friend the ripe wishes.
Shylock, are you listening?
Shylock, you’ve got three of your money.
Oh, sick!
Signior Baptista, my business is urgent, and I can’t come to woo every day.
Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Signior Baptista, you’re happy to be here.—Sir, this is the gentleman I told you about.
Signior Brabantio, ho!
Signior Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I return.
Signior Gremio, did you come from the church?
Signior Hortensio, we’re two hundred friends like you.
Signior Hortensio, are you coming to join the fight?
Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you.
Signior Lodovico?
Signior Montano, your trusty and valiant servitor, recommends you with his free duty, and asks you to believe him.
Is your family in the same place?
Signior, it’s the Moor.
Signior?
Signor Antonio praises you.
Signor Antonio, you’ve rated me over my money and my money.
Signor Antonio?
Signor Bassanio, listen to me.
Signor Bassanio!
Signor Benedick!
Signor, you’re very close to my brother in his love.
Let’s sit for a while.—Robin, take off this head.—Titania, music call, and strike more dead than the common sleep of all these five.
Silence that dreadful bell, it’s a frightening for the island to be reliant on her own merit.
Quiet!
Quiet!
He’s still silent with that, watching the rest of the day as if it were the same day, and finds you in the Norweyan ranks, nothing afeated of what you did, strange images of death
Silver.
I love you so much that I’ll send your soul to heaven soon, if heaven will take the present at our hands.
Sin from your lips?
Since Cassius first attacked me against Caesar, I haven’t slept.
Since Cleopatra died, I have lived in such a dishonor that the gods detest my sanity.
Since he has the jewel I loved, and the jewel you promised to keep for me, I’ll become as liberal as you are.
Since he left Egypt, it’s a space for more travel.
Since he left France, I’ve been practicing constant.
Since his majesty went into the field, I’ve seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown on her, unlock her closet, take out paper, fold it, write it on it, read it, then
Since I’m a favorer, I’ll keep it with some little money.
Since I came here, which I can call “secret” now, I’ve heard strange news.
Since I have your good permission to go away, I’ll hurry.
Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice and could distinguish from men, her election has sealed you for herself, because you’ve been—a man who suffers everything—a man who’s been rewarded and rewarded by
Since my young lady’s going into France, sir, the fool has been scolded.
Since no man who leaves knows what to do, what can I do to leave early?
Since my beauty can’t please his eyes, I’ll weep what’s left away and weep and die.
Since respects and fortunes are his love, I won’t be his wife.
Since the torch is out, don’t lie down and go no further.
Since the count’s youth was today with your lady, she’s still out of quiet.
Since the youth won’t be able to get out of here, he’s putting his own risk on his future.
Since they plotted the way my daughter was able to get rid of the dusky Dis, I’ve been sworn to have her and her blind boy’s slander.
Since you’re losing your fortune, don’t be content and don’t seek anything new.
Since you give me pains, let me remember what you’ve promised me, which hasn’t yet been done.
Sinful Macduff, they were all struck for you!
Sing it tonight.
Sing it.
Sink Rome!
I’ll whip you out of your fence, sir, I will.
Sir John Falstaff.
Sir Paris, I’ll make a desperate bid of my child’s love.
Sir Toby Belch!
Sir Toby will be sworn that I’m not a fox, but he won’t say two pence that you’re not a fool.
Sir Toby, I have to be round with you.
Sir Toby, madam, your father.
Sir Topas, Sir Topas, good Sir Topas, go to my lady— Out, hyperbolic fiend!
Sir Topas, Sir Topas!
Sir Topas!
Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier; Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley, Oxford, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt, and Rice ap Thomas, with a valiant crew
I have a whole history, sir.
Sir, you’re going to say a word.
Sir, amen.
Sir, aren’t you my father?
Sir, I will, being his king.
Sir, if I heard you rightly, the duke has put on a religious life and thrown the pompous court into neglect.
Sir, do you know me?
Goodbye, sir.
Good luck, sir.
Sir, don’t grieve.
Sir, I’m sorry he’s going to be his best friend.
Sir, he answered me in the roundest manner he wouldn’t.
Sir, he ate with her at the Porpentine.
Sir, he’s with Caesar.
Sir, he can live.
Sir, he’s rash and very sudden in choler, and he may strike at you.
Here’s the door, sir.
Sir, his chests and treasure aren’t with him.
Sir, he’s not a fool in you, even though I know that splitting him into two would dizzy his memory, and yet I’m not sure how he’s cruising.
Sir, I’m a slander.
Sir, I told them to take you away.
I can’t, sir.
Sir, I’ll tell you to be content.
Sir, I know you, and I’ll dare to thank you for a dear thing.
Sir, I haven’t seen you.
Sir, I’m not getting any progress.
Sir, I have to get that diamond from you.
Sir, I never loved you much, but I’ve praised you when you deserve ten times as much as I said you did.
Sir, I tell you that you’re a false king.
Sir, I tell you that we’re not.
Sir, I’ll meet you in your career, if you’re defending me.
Sir, I’ll do something worthy of studying.
Sir, I’ll answer any question.
Sir, in Argier.
Sir, he’s fine, he’s slain, slain, and slain, slain, and slain, slain, and slain
Sir, in good faith or in sincere reassurance, under your great influence, whose influence, like the wreath of radiant fire on flickering Phoebus’s front— What do you mean by this?
Sir, there was a kind of fighting that wouldn’t let me sleep.
Sir, do you know this glove?
Sir, fifteen days of March have passed.
Sir, Mark Antony will only kiss Octavia, and we’ll follow him.
Sir, I’m very careful.
Sir, my good friend, I’ll change that name with you.
Sir, my liege, don’t attack your mind with beating on the strangeness of this business.
No, sir.
Sir, Octavius has already come to Rome.
Sir, pardon me for what I’m saying.
Sir, should I go to this lady?
Sir, she can turn, turn, and turn, and yet go on, and turn again.
Sir, she’s mortal.
Sir, sir, be patient.
Sir, sir, I’ll have law in Ephesus, I don’t doubt it.
Sir, sir, sir—
Sir, sir, that can’t be.
Sir, I’m sure you didn’t eat at home.
Sir, hurry up.
Sir, the gods will have it.
Sir, the Queen.
Sir, there’s a special commission coming from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello’s place.
She’s standing there, sir.
Sir, they’re spoken, and these things are true.
Sir, this is the matter—please, remember—No, my lord, for my ease, in good faith.
Sir, this should be answered.
Sir, will you take her or leave her with those infirmities she owes—unfriended, adopted to our hatred, beaten with our curse and strangely oath—with her?
Sir, if she gave you so much of her lips as much of her tongue she gives me, you’ll have enough.
Sir, you and I must be part of the group, but that’s not it.
Sir, you’re very welcome to our house.
Sir, you’re right, and you’re right.
Sir, you’re talking nobly.
Sir!
Sir?
Sir?
Sirrah young gamester, your father was a fool to give you everything and in his waning age set foot under your table.
Sirrah, come here: it’s no time to go out and then you’ll be able to go back to the moment.
Sirrah, go see what trumpet sounds like.
Sirrah, I’ll give you a speech.
Sirrah, naked fellow— Poor Tom’s a cold.
Sirrah, your father’s dead.
Sirs, I’ll practice on this drunken man.
Don’t let it alone.
Sirs, take up the corse.
Sister, please, I’m content with my discontent.—Sir, I’m humbly subscribe to your pleasure.
Sister, be quiet.
Sister, I have to say a little about what almost matters to both of us.
Hello, sister.
Sister, where are you?
Sister, you know he promised me a necklace.
Sister, you’ll go with us?
Sit down a while and let’s assail your ears again, who are so distorted by our story, what we’ve seen for two nights.
Sit down and feed, and welcome to our table.
Sit down and rest.
Sit in the middle of the house.
Sit down, Clitus.
Sit down and talk to her.
You can sit here too.
Sit down, Jessica.
Sit down, sir.
Sit down, worthy friends.
Sit down.
I never thought that lady would have loved any man.
Sitting on a bank, weeping the king again in my father’s wrack, this music screamed by me on the waters, blaming both my fury and my passion with its
Six or seven thousand are their greatest powers.
Skip, stand back.
Slanders, sir.
Slave!
Slay!
Sleep a little.
Sleep on your eyes, and you’ll feel peace in your breast.
Sleep will neither be hung on his penthouse nor on his porch.
Sleep, and I’ll wind you in my arms.
Sleeping and waking, Oh, keep me safe!
Slid, I’ll follow him again and beat him.
Is it a little a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit?
A small feast of cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.
I’ve had a small joy in being England’s queen.
Smatter with your gossips, go.
Smile heaven on this fair relationship, who have frowned on their enmity for a long time.
Do you smile at my speeches as I were a fool?
You’re smiling?
Sneck up!
That’s what’s going on to you.
Oh, all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
That’s all.
I’m sure I’ll do that.
The Prince and Claudio, who accused her of a wrong, are the ones who said you heard the news.
The same are the crisp, snaky golden locks that make such a gambols with the wind, if they’re fair, known to be the dowry of a second head, the skull that
You are all the same, princes English.
You’re going to revenge when you hear them.
So go away.
That’s it.
I’m so sick, as this is false, he’s burdening me with a burden.
Well, please, master.
So Caesar may.
So call the field to rest, and let’s go to part the glories of this happy day.
I can do that.
So Chrish, save me, I’ll cut off your head.
I could do that.
I could have the next wish, that Lucentio had Baptista’s youngest daughter.
I loved the man so much that I have to cry.
She’s so delicate with her needle, an admirable musician.
I did, and he swore he would marry her tonight.
I did, my liege.
So do all the thoughts.
I’d never cursed myself, because if I had cursed myself.
I do, too.
I do, my lord.
I don’t.
I don’t.
Then our vulgar drench their peasants in blood of princes, and the wounded steeds Fret fetlock deep in gore, and with wild rage, Yerk
The kings of France would hold up this Salic law to stop your Highness from claiming the female and rather hide them in a net than to imbar their crooked titles from you and your descendants.
You do, too, where you see them thick.
The greater glory dim the less.
So every bondman in his own hand has the power to cancel his captivity.
So farewell, because Brutus’s tongue has almost ended his life.
So farewell until we meet again.
So farewell.
Goodbye to you both.
Your foolish sorrows send your stones farewell.
He smashed the sledded Polacks on the ice once.
It’s so full of shapes that it’s fantastical.
That’s what Fulvia told me.
So go away in peace.
That’s shame to stand still.
Good night to you all.
Guildenstern and Rosencrantz are going to do it.
They’re friends to Antony.
So my lord has urged him to fight single.
That’s true.
So he laughed and let me go.
He served the second, and the third.
Help me every spirit I have sanctified, as I’ve spoken for you all my best and stood in the blank of his displeasure for my free speech.
That’s true!
So take my leave.
So I’m free.
I am—to let him live.
I charmed their ears so that, like calf, they walked through toothed briers, sharp furzes, pricking gorse, and thorns, which entered their fra
I do, madonna.
I do.
I hope so.
I’m wooing her, and she’s giving me, because I’m rough and don’t woo like a baby.
I will, my liege, as I live.
So I’m young, and I’m not ready to be a good reasoner.
So I lose myself, to find a mother and a brother, and to find them unhappy, and find them.
That’s true in the world.
That’s true.
He’s in the process of any bold or noble enterprise, even if he’s in this late stage.
Lysander is the same.
So is mine.—Do you hear, monster?
I’m a horse, Octavius, and for that I’m a good guy.
That’s the deal.
That’s the most important thing about losing.
That’s what I’m calling fame.
I’m going to say that.
It should be, that none except Antony should conquer Antony, but it’s so bad!
I’m so kind a father!—Be my horses ready?
So let the tyranny run away until each man drops by lottery.
Let him land and solemnly see him set off to London.
Let it be Caesar.
So long?
I’ve been so crazed by so many mishaps that my tongue is still mute and irritated.
Yes, it may be.
You may lose your arms.
That’s what he’s doing.
I’ll bet that I’m worthy of praise.
So much for this, sir.
He was so happy to be a part of the party.
That’s the way our leader is, and we’re women’s men.
So we went out and we were left dark.
That’s probably the case for you.
I’m happy to leave the fine for half of his goods, so he’ll let me use the other half to make it available to the gentleman who stole his daughter recently.
So please— What does the fellow say?
Please, because I’ve never heard it yet, but I’ve heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.
Please, he’s here at the door and has access to you.
Please, something touching the Lord Hamlet.
Please, we’ll stand and watch you enjoy.
Please.
Please, please, I’m going to talk about the Prologue.
Please, your Lord, accept our duty.
So please, your majesty, so that we can wake the king?
So bright things get confused.
This place is so rare that a curious father and wife are making this place paradise.
That’s right, done.
I think you’re sadder.
That’s what the Prince and my new lord say.
He’ll waste his money, weary his soldiers, and punish himself while we’re still nimble and reliant.
I’ll dress myself in a forced content and shut myself up in some other way, to the fortune’s alms.
I’ll love you, and I’ll be you.
You’ll feel the loss, but not the friend you weep for.
So you’ll enjoy your hope and marry sweet Bianca with your consent.
You’ll show me friendship.
So she can live without being slaughtered, I’ll admit she was not Edward’s daughter.
That’s a good thing in a naughty world.
That’s what a murderer should look like, so dead, so grim.
He looks like he’s talking about things strangely.
I should look like the murdered, and I should look like you, and I’m smothered by your cruelness.
We should, if you were our king, do so.
He swore his innocence so well that he escaped his guilt—I mean his conversation with Shore’s wife—and lived from all angles as a suspect.
That’s the way Henry the Sixth was crowned in Paris, but at nine months old.
He’s so fast thought that you can imagine him on Blackheath, where his lords want him to have his bruise helmet and his sword before him through the city.
Take her to you, shepherd.
Tell them, Publius.
I swear by my enemies, I’m abused by my friends, and by my friends.
So that if we plant nettles or lettuce, weed and hyssop it up, supply it with one of the same herbs or distract it with many—either to have it sterile with idle
So that in these ten thousand they’ve lost, there are only sixteen hundred mercenaries.
I’d stay there to get to Mantua.
That, as clear as the sun is, King Pepin’s title and Hugh Capet’s claim, King Lewis’s satisfaction, all appear to hold the title and title of the female.
So, if your four negatives make your two affirmatives, then I’ll be worse for my friends and better for my enemies.
The fool follows him.
So the gods keep you and make the Romans’ hearts serve your purposes.
The gods will keep you!
So the life that died with shame lives in death with glorious fame.
So the woman who stood in the way for my wish will show me the way to my will.
So the poor third is up, until death enlarges his confinement.
So I should be able to see the sins of my mother.
So the spirit is calm.
They are.
They’re not doing anything, it’s a jolly slip.
You can say the king is lying by a beggar if a beggar dwells near him, or the church stands by your tabor, if your tabor stands by the church.
You, who has no unkind mate to grieve you, would relieve me with urging you to be patient, but if you live to see like a right-winger, this fool-begged patience will be left
I’m so happy, my soul— A thousand times good night!
So to most noble Caesar.
So to them both.
She turns every man out of the wrong side and never gives it to the truth and virtue that simpleness and merit are worth.
I was the one who banished him from your Highness.
I was the one who took your Highness’s dukedom.
So we grew together like a double cherry—she’s seen dividing up, but still dividing up—two lovely berries on one stem;
Your words are as good as your wounds.
They were the daggers, which we found on their pillows unwiped.
So were you.
When he opens his purse to give us our reward, your conscience flies out.
Is that white and a traitor?
I’ll turn her virtue into a pitch and make her a net that will send them all out of her own goodness.
And it will do with Claudio.
And it will, madam, until I lie with you.
I’m sure you’ll love me.
You’ll tell me when you’ve seen the sequel.
You’ll wish you luck to me when I’m in a rash mood.
I wouldn’t.
So you can put a man in your belly.
You will.
So you walk softly, look sweetly, and say nothing, I’m yours for the walk, and especially when I walk away.
So young and so rotten?
That’s so young, my lord, and true.
So-so” is good, very good, very excellent.
Goodbye.
So, again, good night.
So come, help me.
So, Dolabella, I’ll be happy.
Goodbye.
So, I’m satisfied.
That’s what’s going on.
So let me hear you speak.
So, because he knew I loved my books, he gave me a book from my own library with volumes that I’m a big prize over my dukedom.
So, slave, let’s go!
So, so, so, so!
So, so, so.
So, thanks to everyone at once and to each other, who we invite to see crowned at Scone.
That’s what I’m saying.
So, with two seemingly identical bodies but one heart, two of the first, like coats in heraldry, due only to one and crowned with one crest.
That’s true.
That’s true.
So.—So, then, you most famous: Caesar wants to not consider what case you are, even if he is Caesar.
Is it Beatrice?
Stillness and nighttime are the touches of sweet harmony.
Soft, Caesar.
Isn’t he here?
Here’s the prose.
No, hurry.
I’m soft, sir!
Soft, soft!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
The priest is ready.
I’m a bit tired, my masters.
Sojourn in Mantua.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
Sola!
Soldier, you’re a soldier, but his entire action isn’t in the power of it.
Soldier, why do you wear that glove in your cap?
Soldier, you have to come to the king.
Soldiers, watch carefully.
Soldiers, sir.
I was a beast to scold at him!
Some achieve greatness—” What do you say?
Some are born great—”
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust on them.
Some blessed power will take us away from here!
You’re in a mood of bloody anger.
I’m feeling a little better, Nurse.
Some dear cause will wrap me up in concealment for a while.
Some dear friend is dead, but nothing in the world could turn any man’s constitution into a constant man.
A little dungeon.
Five or six and thirty of his knights, who followed him as hot questrists, met him at the gate, and with some other of the lord’s relatives, they’re going with him to Dover,
We had some food and some fresh water that a noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo, who was appointed master of this design, gave us, with rich clothes, linens, stuffs, and necessaries,
It’ll give you some friendship against the tempest.
Some god will direct my judgment!
I’m going to do some good, even though I’m not.
Some good man should take him away from here.
Some grief shows much of love, but some grief shows some desire for wit.
Hurry up, my lord!
Some innocents don’t escape the thunderbolt.
Some kinds of sanity are under way.
Some light-foot friend will go to the duke of Norfolk— Ratcliffe, yourself, or Catesby.
Some men there are not lovers of a gaping pig, some who are crazy if they see a cat, and others, when the bagpipe sings in the nose, can’t contain their urine.
Some must go off.
Some of their plants are already rotten.
I’ll be ashamed, if you know what I am, how, why, and where this handkerchief was stained.
Some of them will fall tomorrow, I hope.
Some officers take them away.
We need some oracle to correct our knowledge.
Some other time.
Some others are searching.
Some say the Earth was feverous and shaken.
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
He was a squirt that turned your wits off without you and made you suspect me with the Moor.
Some tardy cripple will bear the countermand, who came too late to see him burièd.
Some of you give me some money, some invite me, some give me thanks for kindness, some offer me commodities to buy.
Some people who will peep through their eyes and laugh like parrots at a bagpiper, and other of such vinegar that they won’t smile with their teeth, even though Nestor swears the jest is
There are some people who kiss.
Some to Decius’s house and some to Casca’s.
Some to Ligarius’s.
Some people go to the common pulpits and cry out, “Liberty, freedom, and enfranchisement!” People and senators, don’t be afraid.
Some twenty of them fought in this black conflict, and all those twenty could only kill one person.
Some villain has done me wrong.
Some villains of my court are in a position to accept this and suffer.
Get some wine!
Somebody’s knocking.
Someone take orders to bring Buckingham to Salisbury.
Something from Cyprus as I can divinely do.
You’ve heard about Hamlet’s “transformation”—so call it because neither the exterior nor the inside man are similar to what it was.
He left something in the state that, since he came out, is thought of.
Something we’ll decide on.
A man who’s puddled his spirit in a state, either from Venice, or from Cyprus, has puddled his spirit, and in such cases men’s nature is wrangled with inferior things,
Sometime I’ll be a horse, sometime a hound, some hog, some headless bear, sometime a fire.
Sometime I’ve been wound with adders who have cloven tongues to make me mad.
Sometime I’d divide and burn in many places.
Sometimes she gallops up a courtier’s nose, and then dreams of smelling out a suit.
Sometimes she saw me receiving speechless messages from her eyes.
Son, I’ll be your half Bianca comes.
Soon at five o'clock, please, I’ll meet you on the mart and then consort you till bedtime.
I’ll hear him and see him soon.
You must, but you must.
I’ll help you, sir.
I don’t hear anything, madam.
Sorrow breaks the seasons and the hours of sleep, makes the night morning, and the noontide night.
I’m sorry my noble cousin should suspect me that I’m not good to him.
He has separated three souls and bodies, and his incensement is so unreliable that it can only be a result of death and sepulchre.
Sound them, it’s becoming the mouth as well.
Sound, music!—Come, my queen, take my hands with me and rock the ground where these sleepers are.
Sound, trumpet!
Good, my lord.
Sovereign of Egypt, hail!
I have enough space in such a prison.
Don’t you say these words plainly: “Sirrah, knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and knock me soundly”?
Have you spoken of Caesar?
Have you spoken to him?
Are you complaining about Juliet?
Don’t worry about the cost.
Speak again.
Speak one rhyme, and I’m satisfied.
Speak it again and, even with the word, this hand, which kills your love for you, will kill your truer love for you.
Speak low if you’re talking about love.
Don’t talk about him anymore, you’ll be whipped for taxation one of these days.
Don’t say anything against it.
Don’t speak of Helena.
Don’t say anything so grossly.—You’re all amazed.
Don’t say anything.
Speak once again.
Speak softly.
Speak softly.
Speak the speech, please, as I said it to you, tripping on the tongue.
Speak the word along.
Don’t say anything else.
Tell me now.
Speak to her, Hamlet.
Tell him.
Talk to me home.
Tell me what you’re doing.
Speak to me.
Tell us.
Speak what we feel, not what we should say.
Speak inside the door.
Speak again.
Tell me.
Do you speak so gently?
Tell me your job.
Speak, Agrippa.
Speak, count, it’s your cue.
Speak, hands, for me!
Speak, I’m telling you.
Speak, I won’t go any further.
Speak, if you can: what are you?
Speak, is it out of the way?
Speak, man.
Speak, man.
Speak, my fair, and fair, I beg you.
Speak, nephew.
Speak, Pyramus.—Thisbe, stand up.
Speak, speak!
Speak, speak.
Speak!
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Speak.
Do you speak in sober terms?
Do you speak from your heart?
Get him out of here.
Spend this for me.
Spirit, we have to prepare to meet with Caliban.
Spirits, which I have called to act from their confines, are the ones I have called to act on my current fancies.
Spit, fire!
Spoke like a tall man who respects your reputation.
Spoke like an officer!
Sport royal, I assure you.
Sport?
Rain!
Stand aside.
Stand away, Captain Gower.
Stand back.
Stand close and list him.
Stand far away.
Stand fast together, so some friend of Caesar’s can’t talk about standing.
Stand fast, Titinius.
Stand out of the body.
Stand away from the hearse.
Stand here, make a good show on it.
Don’t stand up surprised.
Stand still.
So stand close to you under this penthouse, because it’s raining, and I’ll tell you everything, like a true drunken.
Stand there!
Stand up.
Stand up.
Stand both of you up now: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I’m a knave.
Stand up, if you’re a man.
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up, you neat slave, strike!
Stand!
Is he standing or sitting?
Is Scotland the same as it did?
Stanley dreamed that the boar razed his helm, and I swore it and disdain it to fly.
Stanley, he’s your wife’s son.
Stanley, look at your wife.
Stanley, what’s the news?
Stars, my lord.
Statilius showed the torchlight, but he didn’t come back, my lord.
Stay and speak!
Stay a little longer.
Stay here.
Don’t stay to answer me, but get out of here.
Don’t stay, go away.
Stay the friar too.
Wait until I read the letter.
Stay with us.
Stay here.
Stay, countrymen.
Stay, dog, because you’ll hear me.
Stay, fellow.
Stay, gentle Helena.
Stay, drink.—Hamlet, this pearl is yours.
Please, tell me what you think of me.
Stay, Jaques, stay.
Stay, madam.
Stay on your danger.
Stay, stand apart.
Wait, then.
Stay, even though you kill me, sweet Demetrius.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.
Stay!
Did it stay long?
Stephano is my name, and I’ll be here at Belmont before daybreak.
Stephano!
Stephano!
I’m still called.—Unhand me, gentlemen.
It’s still yours.
Be kind and make sure to make sure we’re all done with your mind.
I told him it was vile and bad.
I’m still in this mood, with color, ornament, for him.
It cried, “Sleep no more!” to all the house.
They’re still alive, and they’ll be forever last.
That’s still so constant, lord.
Are you still so cruel?
The wind still blows through the hawthorn, saying, “Suum, mun, nonny.” Dauphin my boy, my boy, cessez.
You’re still on the windy side of the law.
Stir with the lark tomorrow, gentle Norfolk.
Stirred up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton, he’s heading for England to claim the crown.
Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak.
Did the state do that?
Stoop, Romans, stoop, and let’s bathe our hands in Caesar’s blood until the elbows and besmear our swords.
Stop her there!
Stop in the wind, sir.
Stop it, Marcellus.
Stop that, it’ll blow out the chimney with the smoke.
It’s strange that sheep’s guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies?
I have strange things in my head, that I’ll hand, and that must be done before they can be scanned.
Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she’s contaminated.
Strato, you’ve been asleep all this time.
Beat the drums!
Strike his wife?
Don’t fight by land; keep whole.
Strike on the tinder, ho!
Strike the vessels, hmmm!
Beat the drum.
Strike, I say!
Strike!
Strike!
He’s trying to outscorn the wind and rain that’s causing him to scold him.
We’re always trying to better things, and we’re always trying to get better.
Strumpet, I’m coming.
That marriage was like never before.
I’m afraid of such a person, or I’m not afraid of it.
That’s a natural philosopher.
I’d be in the right hands for such a thing, Ligarius, if you had a good ear to hear about it.
You were so finely smashed that you were.
I’m from Antony, like I am.
She said that my lord said I was.
As comforting as lusty young men feel when they’re snoring in April on the heel of limping winter treads.
The prince owes the subject such a duty, and even a woman owes her husband such a duty.
Such a thing has a shadow’s bliss.
That’s what I’m grieving to report, my lord.
We like to see such unconstant starts from him as this of Kent’s banishment.
That was the armour he had on his side when he was fighting the ambitious Norway.
It’s hard to reconcile such welcome and unwelcome things together.
The wind is spreading through the world, and young men are looking for their fortunes farther than they are at home, where small experiences grow.
Sue to him again, and he’s yours.
Suffer love!
Suffolk died first, and York, all haggled over, comes to him where he lay in a gore and takes him by the beard, kisses the gashes that bloody yawn on
Sunday comes quickly.
Supper is over, and we’ll come too late.
Support him by the arm.
The French Ambassador returns to tell Harry that the king offers him
Sure he killed his wife.
It’s hers.
Sure ones, then.
Thank you.
Yes, it’s not true.
Sure, her offense must be so unnatural that monsters it (or your sane affections fall into a trap), which to believe in her must be a faith that no miracle could ever bring me.
I’ll never marry like my sisters, to love my father all.
I think so, and therefore I wish she knew his love better, so she wouldn’t be able to do it.
It was the roar of a whole herd of lions.
Sure, Luciana, it’s two o'clock.
Sure, these are only imaginary wiles, and savages are living here.
I don’t believe your fair cousin is wronged.
Yes, a good count, Count Comfect, a sweet gallant, surely!
Susan and she—God rest all Christian souls—were born in an age.
Swagger?
Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra’s sails.
Swart like my shoe, but her face is clean and clean.
Swear by her foot so she can tread out the oath.
Swear by my sword never to speak about what you’ve heard.
Swear by my sword.
Swear by your double self, and there’s an oath of credit!
Don’t wear a mask by the time you come, because you’ve misused your own equipment, and sometimes you’ve misused it.
Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs.
Swear your love.
Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all been damaged.
Sweet Beatrice, are you going to come when I called you?
Sweet bodements!
Sweet Desdemona!
Sweet friends, go to bed.
Dear friends, please, I’m waiting for you.
Sweet Hero, now your image is like a rare semblance that I loved it first.
Sweet lady, ho, ho.
Sweet lady, you’ve given me life and living.
If your lordship were at leisure, I would give you something from His Majesty.
Sweet marjoram.
Sweet masters, be patient.
Sweet men, come to him.
Sweet mistress—what else you’re not known, and what you’re surprised by my surprise—
Sweet Moon, thank you for your sunny beams.
Now, quiet.
Sweet Phoebe, don’t insult me.
Sweet Phoebe, please.
Sweet Portia, if you knew who gave the ring, if you knew who gave it, and if you knew who gave it, and if you knew what I gave it, and if I left it when
Sweet Prince, why don’t you say something?
Sweet Prince, you learn how to be thankful.—Leonato, take her back again.
A sweet souvenir!
Sweet saint, for good reason, don’t be so scolded.
Sweet Sir Andrew!
Sweet Sir Toby, be patient tonight.
Let’s go in, and there’s a chance to see them.
Sweetheart!
Sweet, say on.
Sweet, so would I.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what does my love say?
Sweetest nut has a rind of sourest; Rosalind is such a nut.
She’s in force until her life’s end.
Sweets to the sweet.
Swell, bosom, with your fraughtness, because it’s like aspics’ tongues!
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I’ll cry a match.
It’s a sigh, for a so bad prayer as his prayer was never for sleep yet.
Sword” is an oath, and oaths must be made.
Swords out, and tilting one at another’s breasts in opposition bloody.
Swounds, tell me what you’re doing.
Swum ashore, man, like a duck.
Take a trumpet, herald.
Take away the fool, gentlemen.
Take away the lady.
Take good care of him, and you’ll see that the triple pillar of the world has transformed into a strumpet’s fool.
Take comfort.
Take each other’s censure, but keep your judgment.
Take away the sense of reckning from the opposing numbers and take away their hearts.
Take care of your foul fiend.
Take care of Cassius.
Be careful not to fall.
Be careful, Signior Baptista, so you don’t have to be fooled into doing this.
Take care of it, sir—the whip.
Take this jack away and whip him.
Take him for everything.
Take him away.
Take him on the costard with the hilts of your sword, and then throw him into the malmsey butt in the next room.
Take him up gently, and to bed with him, and each one of them will go to his office when he wakes up.
Take in your love, and then let me alone.
Take it and do it, and leave me for this time.
Take it in what sense you want.
Take it thankfully.
Take it, brave York.
Take it, God, because it’s nothing but yours.
Take me up.
Take my sword.
Don’t take any notice of him.
Don’t be offended by the fact that I wouldn’t offend you.
Don’t take her part.
Don’t take the fight from his powerful arm; he doesn’t need to take any legal or indirect action to cut off those who have offended him.
Take note, take note, O world, to be honest and direct is not safe.
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute, not as a fee.
Take that of me, my friend, who have the power to seal the accuser’s lips.
Take that, and that.
Take the fool away.
Take the hint I’m saying.
Take that too.
Take their examination yourself and bring it to me.
Take them away.
Take them in.
Take some new poison to your eyes, and the old poison will die.
Take that.
Take the bill, give me your yard, and don’t spare me.
Take three of your money.
Take your face away.
Take your fair hour, Laertes.
Take your forfeiture.
Don’t take any hard thoughts.
Take up her bed and bear her women from the monument.
Take up my mistress’ gown for your master’s use!
Take up my mistress’s gown to his master’s use!
Take up the bodies.
Take up the body.
Take the sword back, or take me up.
Take up those cords.—Poor ropes, you are beguiled, both you and I, because Romeo is exiled.
Take what wife you want to be to bed, I’ll always be your head.
Take care of her pranks and pranks.
Take some company and go to horse.
Take you, as you were before, some distant knowledge of him, as if you were: “I know his father and his friends, and in part, he.” Do you remember this, Reynaldo?
Take your place.
Take your time.
Don’t talk about it.
Don’t talk to me, because I won’t say a word.
Don’t talk to me.
Don’t talk, Signior Gremio.
Are you talking about killing?
Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
Talkers are not good doers.
Are you talking about ladies?
Be quiet.
Be sorry, good Beatrice.
Hurry, Jew.
I’ll go with you, Petruchio, because in Baptista’s house, my treasure is.
Tarry, rash wanton.
Be sorry, sweet Beatrice.
I’ll go, sweet soul, for mine.
Taste your legs, sir.
Taurus!
Teach it only how, and you’ll see how apt it is to learn any hard lesson that can do you good.
Tell me how to think and speak, dear creature.
Tell me.
Tear him to pieces.
Tear him, tear him!
He’s tainted with white hair, which the rages of the riots, with their rageless eyes, are causing them to rage and make nothing of it.
Tears seven times salt, burn out the sense and virtue of my eye!
It’s too bad to tell and too harsh to hear.
Are you stupid” and “brief”?
Tell Antony Brutus is a king.
Tell her I’m arrested in the street, and that’ll bail me.
Tell her my love, more noble than the world, doesn’t give me any dirty lands.
Tell her the king, who can command her, scolds—that she’s able to do, which the king’s King forbids.
Tell him he won’t speak with me.
Tell him his fears are shallow, without a sense of instance.
Tell him I’m ready to lay my crown at the feet and kneel there.
Tell him I’ve moved my lord on his behalf, and I hope everything will be well.
Tell him I’d like to speak with him.
Tell him I’ll knock his leek over his pate on Saint Davy’s day.
Tell him my fury will abate, and I’ll take the crowns.
Tell him, the mayor, and the aldermen, that we are not less important than our general good, in deep designs, and matters of great importance, and that we’re coming to have some conference with his grace.
Tell him so yourself, and see how he’ll take it to you.
Tell him that I’ve got a post from my master with a horn full of good news.
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur, but we didn’t think it was good to bruise an injury until it was full ripe.
Tell him, if he come to this place, he’ll be satisfied and, by my honor, he’ll leave unattended.
Tell him, when our princely father York blessed his three sons with his victorious arm, he didn’t think about this split friendship.
Tell me who is the one who is in court.
Tell me, have you seen a handkerchief with strawberries in your wife’s handkerchief?
Tell me, but then tell me the truth—Do you love my sister?
Tell me for more certainty, I swear I know your tongue.
Tell me in sadness who you love.
Don’t tell me that you hear about this, Friar, unless you tell me how I can prevent it.
Tell me once more what you’re saying.
Tell me that.
Tell me that.
Tell me yours first.
Tell me this, please: Where have you left the money I gave you?
Tell me what you know more.
Tell me where it is.
Tell me why.
Tell me your advice.
Tell me your thoughts.
Tell me, and don’t dally: where is the money?
Tell me, daughter Juliet, how are you going to be married?
Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?
Tell me, my friend, what is the torch that will give his light to grubs and eyeless skulls?
Tell me, heavenly bow, if Venus or her son, as you know, are visiting the queen now?
Tell me, how is our loving mother?
Tell me, if your art can tell you so much: will Banquo’s issue ever return to this kingdom?
Tell me, Othello.
Tell me, so I can sack the hateful mansion.
Tell me, you unknown power— He knows what you thought.
Tell me, you villain-slave, where are my children?
Tell me, you villain, where is my son Lucentio?
Tell me.
Don’t tell me.
Tell the clock there.
Tell the constable.
Tell the hot duke that Lear— No, but not yet.
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me.
Tell me the story!
Tell us what it is, gentle Casca.
Tell us what happened today that Caesar looks so sad.
Tell us where it is, so we can take it from here and carry it to the chapel.
Tell your pathetic heart that there’s no harm done.
Temperance was a delicate wench.
Don’t get him so far.
Each of the ten masts is different from the altitude you have fallen perpendiculairely.
Give yourself more money or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase, running it like this—you’ll give me a fool.
Tennis balls, my liege.
Your greatness is abused when it disintegrates Remorse from power.
Your affair is hurrying, and you have to hurry up.
The ambassadors from Norway, my good lord, are returning joyfully.
I’m glad to hear your love’s faithful vow for me.
It’s a good occasion, and my imagination sees a crown dropping on your head.
You’re an honest man.
No man could be bolder than my Lord Hastings.
Thank God.” That’s a good answer.
Thank you.
Thanks for that.
Thanks to your Highness.
Thanks to your majesty.
Thanks, my dear lord.
Thanks, good Egeus.
Thanks, my good countryman.
Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.
Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
Thanks, sir: thank you for your kindness!
Thanks, you brave man who approves the Moor.
That’s what many men do to save their gifts.
That banishment, that one word banishment, has killed ten thousand Tybalts.
That “fair” is again unremarkable.
That “may be” must be, love, on Thursday.
That “sort” was well rewarded.
That a woman’s heart has burned?
That a monster should be so natural!
I thank her for having a woman who conceived me.
Octavius, Antony, and Lepidus have killed an hundred senators by proscription and law.
I can do that.
That can’t be true, since I’m still possessed of the effects for which I killed myself: my crown, my own ambition, and my queen.
I’ll give that necklace to my hostess here—whether it’s for spiteing my wife.
I could find it in my heart to stay here still and turn a witch.
That courtesy would be unclean if courtiers were shepherds.
That death is unnatural, because it’s a loving thing.
You’re going to defend yourself.
I never heard that.
I did, my lord, and I was a good actor.
I’m waiting for that.
That’s done, I’ll walk on the works and get back to you.
That’s done, restore to Pompey’s theatre.
Dreamers often lie.
That’s always true.
I’m always going to call you castaway!
I wish I could live forever to see you dead.
That eye was a sign my daughter gave her.
That eye that told you so much that you looked asquint.
That eyeless head of yours was first framed in flesh to raise my fortune.
I remember his face well.
That you’ve followed your sad steps from your first day of decay and difference.
That goldsmith, if he weren’t packed with her, could see it, because he was with me, who parted with me to go fetch a chain, and then he promised to bring it to the Por
I found that handkerchief by fortune and gave my husband that handkerchief.
You gave me that handkerchief I loved and gave you, to Cassio.
That’s made him mad.
That he hasn’t.
He’s sworn in you.
I wish he could not bet the winds of heaven on her face too much.—Heaven and earth, do I remember?
He never was trained up in arms.
That head, my lord?
I’ll have Herod’s head!
That high all-seer I dallied with turned my feigny prayer on my head and gave me the skepticism I begged.
I ask again, because nothing can be bad if she’s well.
I saw that.
I did that for him.
I wish I had loved the Moor to live with him, and my terrible violence and storm of fortunes may make the world more powerful.
I’m disdaining you.
I’ve fought hard and hard to bring your imperial Majesties to this bar and royal interview, and I can see how you can see how you can do it.
I have, lady.
I feel that I love her.
I wish I could sleep out this time when my Antony is away.
I was disdainful and had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales!
I’ll try that.
If you’re honest and fair, you shouldn’t admit anything to your beauty.
That’s another simple sin for you: to bring the ewes and the rams together and offer to get your life by a copulation of cattle; to be beaten to a bellwether and bet
That’s because the murderer of the traitors lives.
That’s done, sir.
That’s enough to satisfy the senate.
That’s him.
That’s hot ice and strange snow.
That’s my rest, and that’s the place to go.
That’s good.
That’s the chain you had from me, sir.
That’s the sum of everything, Leonato.—Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato has invited you all.
That’s the reason for this, sir.
That’s Portia’s voice, or I’m much deceived.
That’s the way to make her slander you.
That’s where we ate, where Dowsabel claimed me for her husband.
That’s, watch her, as we watch these kites that bate and beat and won’t be obedient.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures.
I would like you to leave these sad plans to him who has more reason to be a mourner, and to repair it to Crosby House, where, after I have solemnly interred at Chertsey
That last one is true.
The light we see is burning in my hall.
That lord who advised you to give away your land, come place him here by me.
I begged for you, and he begged for me.
That may be true, because you’re a lot too wealthy to be rewarded, and some were away.
That may be true, sir, when I’m a wife.
That’s strange.
I was the most ill-looking boy there by your side from the rude sea’s enraged and foamy mouth.
That’s what we have to do.
That nature, which confounds its origin, can’t be ruled by itself.
That nothing but meditates on blood, swearing and stern looks, diffused attire, and anything that seems unnatural.
I’ll have it now—that’s the humor of it.
Now Sweno, the Norwegian king, wants to be composed.
Our clothes, as they were, are drenched in the sea, but they are still fresh and shiny, rather than stained with salt.
Petruchio?
That cowardly, giant-like ox-beef has devoured many of you men.
That villain, Romeo.
That’s all.
That will be her.
That’s what you’ll know later.
I thank her for bringing me up, and I thank her very humblely.
I know that she is worthy of her work.
I hope she can live here for a long time, God say amen.
That she was wrong to marry?
That she’s the chosen signior Hortensio.
That’s what you’re not convinced of.
The sir who serves and seeks for profit, and follows only for form, will pack when it begins to rain and leave you in the storm.
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once.
That song will not go out of my mind tonight.
That the soul of our grandam could inhabit a bird.
They don’t have any armor, because if their heads were armed with any armor, they wouldn’t wear such heavy headpieces.
I wish they were, I could have been sucked in that oozy bed where my son lies.—When did you lose your daughter?
I took it for a man.
You love my daughter from your soul.
I pardon you before you ask for it.
In the same hour, and in the same inn, a meaner woman was delivered from such a burden, male twins, both alike.
I saw that time (but you couldn’t) flying between the moon and the Earth, and Cupid was all armed.
That villain’s cousin who would have killed my husband.
That was in your rage.
That’s what the noise is.
We should, with joy, joy, and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!
That’s a kind of hope for you.
That would be the most if he married you.
The fact that they were drunk has made me bold.
I gave you the same thing.
The horse is now a horse, even though it’s thought it’s a horse, and it’s not as distinct as water is in water.
I’m qualified for what ordinary men are looking for.
I can’t tell you what you’re doing.
That’ll be the sun.
I’ll do that.
I’ll make that decision before I let you go.
I will, because I have to answer back how you excuse my brother, Rosalind.
I will, Pompey.
I will, if I die the hour afterward.
I will.
That’s never true.
I’ve made my way through obstacles more difficult than twenty times your stop.
That would hang us, every mother’s son.
I wish I had kingdoms to give with her.
I wish I were king of all kingdoms.
You’ve been afraid of it.
I’m not jealous of you.
You don’t think you’re what you’re.
You’ve condemned and noted Lucius Pella for taking bribes here of the Sardians, wherein my letters, praying on his side because I knew the man, were slighted off.
That’s what you have to teach me.
You’ll find him, lead the Sagittarian to the search, and I’ll be with him there.
You should be punished here, the actors are at hand, and you’ll know everything you’re like to know.
You should think we’re not going to offend you, but with good will.
That young man you saw here only a few times, that little man doesn’t care about buying anything.
That she’s mad herself, and she’s madly mated.
That, sir, which I won’t report after her.
That?
That’s true.
That’s a certain text.
That’s a degree of love.
That’s a fault that water will repair.
That’s a fault.
That’s a dangerous shot from an elder gun, that a poor and private displeasure can do against a monarch.
That’s a question.
That’s all one thing: I’ve hurt myself, and it’s the end.
That’s all one thing.
That’s all.
That’s as much as to say they’re fools who marry.
That’s as much as to say, the sweet boy’s in love.
That’s what we’re going to do to make him happy.
That’s true—if the devil can judge her.
That’s true.
That’s worse.
That’s good.
That’s the one who was Othello.
That’s her torment.
That’s mercy, but it’s too much security.
That’s more than we know.
That’s more to me than my wetness.
That’s true, and with you.
That’s my brave lord!
That’s what I’m afraid of.
That’s my good son.
That’s my noble master!
That’s my job.
That’s my sister.
That’s not a job for a friend, my lord.
That’s not good now.
That’s not good.
That’s not true.
That’s not the tune.
That’s one of them.
That’s what we’re offering.
That’s sides and heart.
That’s strange.
That’s the end.
That’s the next thing to do.
That’s twice.
That’s two of his weapons.
That’s very true, my lord.
Thank you.
The “fiery” duke?
The “why” is as simple as it is to go to the parish church: whoever is a fool who is very wisely hit is very foolish, even though he’s smart, and doesn’t seem to be 
The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
The adventurous knight will use his foil and target, the lover won’t sigh gratis, the funny man will end his life in peace, the clown will make those who laugh with their lungs tickle, and the lady will say
The age has grown so quickly that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galles his kibe.—How long have you been a gravemaker?
The air is shining on us here very sweetly.
The air is nimble and sweetly recommended to our gentle senses.
The sun in the sky has been watching her match since the world began.
The ancient saying is no king.
April is in her eyes, it’s love’s spring, and these showers are the way to bring it on.
The arbitrament is like a bloody battle.
What’s the article of my oath?
The barbarous Scythian, or the man who makes his generation messes to gorge his appetite, will be as well neighbored, pitied, and relieved as you, my sometime daughter.
The bark is ready and the wind is at help, your associates tend to tend to, and everything is bent for England.
The horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
The beds in the East are soft, and thanks to you, who called me more time-consuming than my intended purpose here, because it’s been a good thing.
The best and soundest of his time has been rash.
I’ll do the best I can, my lord.
The best of this kind are shadows, and the worst aren’t worse if you’re thinking about it.
The best news is that we have found our king and company safely.
The best?
The better for the King of heaven who has him.
The better for your friends.
The better you ask your Lordship.
The bloody proclamation to escape, that followed me so close—Once we’re in our lives,
The blow you had will make me feel better when you move me to rage, and I’ll bet you what you can beg.
The bounty and the benison of heaven to boot and boot.
The boy warns that something is approaching.
The boy was the person I was, my prop.
The breaking of such a thing should make a bigger crack.
He’s already coming to the bridegroom.
The British forces are marching here.
The broken rancor of your high-swoll's hates, but lately splintered, knitted, and joined together, must be preserved, cherished, and kept.
The state’s business makes him offended, and he’s scolding you.
The business of this man looks out of him.
I can’t stand my absence.
The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit, the clock has struck twelve on the bell, and my mistress made it one on my cheek.
The captain who brought me first on shore has my maid’s clothes.
The captain— Give it to the captain.
The carriages, sir, are the hangers.
The castle’s redesigned with a gentle twist.
The reason is in my will.
The majesty’s death isn’t alone, but, like a gulf, it’s a way to draw the majesty out of it.
The chain!
The chaplain of the Tower has buried them, but I don’t know where, to say the truth, I’m not sure.
The children live with fathers you slaughtered, ungoverned youth, to wail it in their age; the parents live with children you butchered, old barren plants, to wail it in their age.
The children who were so disposed of, my wife and I, whose eyes were fixed on whom we were concerned, fixed our eyes on each other at either end of the mast and, floating straight, obedient to the stream
The citizens are up, and Tybalt has been killed.
The clerk is answering.
The clock has stricken three.
The clock struck nine when I sent the Nurse.
The cockerel.
The competitors are entering.
The concavities of it aren’t enough, because you can talk to the duke, you can talk to him, and he’s digging himself four yards under the countermines.
What’s the problem, sir?
Then you’ve scared your husband from using wits.
The constable of France.
The content, as I understand it, is to blame.
The cords Romeo told you to get?
The Count Claudio will marry Leonato’s daughter.
The count himself is wooing her.
The Count is neither sad, sick, nor merry, nor well, but civil count is as civil as an orange, and it’s something of that jealousy.
The Count’s gentleman, Cesario.
The court awards it, and the law gives it to him.
The cowslips are tall enough to be her pensioners.
The crowner has sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air are scarce as beetles.
The cry is still “They come!” Our castle’s strength will laugh a siege to scorn.
The sanity of her passion invites me to join this churlish messenger.
The bell has rung.
The date is out of such a bad mood.
The Dauphin is waiting for morning.
The Dauphin, whom we fought with, returns to tell us that his powers aren’t ready to raise such a siege.
The day has broken.
The day is over.
The day is yours.
The day will come when you’ll wish to help you curse that poisonous toad.
The day, my friends, and everything is going on for me.
I’ll give you the dearest ring in Venice, and I’ll find it by proclamation.
Antony’s death isn’t a single crime.
We’re talking about the deep night, and we need to be careful, which we’ll niggard with a little rest.
The desperate weather has banged the Turks so much that their plans are halting.
The devil damne you black, you cream-faced loon!
The devil himself couldn’t pronounce a title more hateful to me than a title I’d like to hear.
The devil speaks in him.
The devil is in order!
The dew is raw and cold.
The ditty remembers my drowned father.
The door is open, sir.
The evil dram is the most noble thing to doubt his own scandal.
The drink, the drink!
The drops of this fool drown!
The duke and senators of Venice greet you.
The duke will be here tonight?
The Duke greets you, general, and he’ll have to wait for you to get your appearance ready.
The Duke himself, or any of my brothers of the state, can’t only feel this wrong as if it were their own.
The Duke in council?
The duke is funny.
The duke must grant me that.
The duke, my father, loved his father very much.
The duke of Exeter loves you.
The duke of Exeter has maintained the pridge very gallantly.
The duke of Gloucester, whom the siege orders, is entirely directed by an Irishman, a valiant gentleman, I believe.
The duke of York recommends him to your Majesty.
The Duke’s in council and your noble self, I’m sure, are sent for.
The duke’s to blame in this.
The earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment— Good Captain Blunt, give him my goodnight, and by the second hour in the morning, I’ll see him in my tent.
The early village cock has twice saluted the morne.
The ears are so stupid that we should hear him, and to tell him that his command is fulfilled, that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead.
The earth has bubbles, like the water, and these bubbles are.
The earth sings when he touches it.
The earth, that’s nature’s mother, is her tomb.
The elements are kind to you and make your spirits feel comfortable!
The Emperor calls Canidius.
The enemy is coming on in a gallant show.
The enemy is growing every day.
The enemy, marching along by them, will make a fuller number up, come on refreshed, added, and encouraged, and we’ll cut him off if we face him there at Philippi, these people at our back
The English are embattled, you French peers.
The English force, please.
The English power is near, led by Malcolm, his uncle Siward and the good Macduff.
The even mead, who brought sweetly the freckled cowslip, burnet, and green clover, who wanted the scythe, withal uncorrected, rank, is a man
The evil men do lives after them; the good is often buried in their bones.
The excuse you make for this delay is longer than the story you’re telling.
The Fairyland doesn’t buy the child of me.
I’ll answer the question.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that we are underlings.
It’s your fault.
The fearful passage of their death-marked love and the continuance of their parents’ rage, which, but their children’s end, could remove, is now the two hours' traffic of our stage—the one that, 
The fee is simple?
The fellow is good at judgment.
The fiend gives the more friendly advice.
The fiend is rough and won’t be used in a large way.
The fiend is strong inside him.
The fire has tried this seven times, seven times the judgment is, and never the fire has been a bad one.
The first question I’ll ask my Nerissa is whether she’d rather stay until the next night or go to bed now, two hours to day.
The first person who came to greet me was my great father-in-law, Warwick, who said loudly, “What scourge for perjury can this dark monarchy afford to give false Clarence?” And so
The flat transgression of a schoolboy who, being overjoyed with finding a bird nest, shows it to his companion, and he steals it.
The enemy is on the field.
The crows are stuffed with the murrain flock.
The fright of this island.
The food that’s being given to him now is as luscious as the sour food, and will soon be as bitter as coloquintida.
The fool will stay.
The forfeit of my servant’s life, sovereign, who slew today a riotous gentleman who was waiting for the duke of Norfolk.
The former Hero!
The foul fiend bites my back.
The foul fiend follows me!
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale.
The foul practice has turned itself on me.
The worst thing I’ve ever done is to get my second life.
The four strangers want you to leave, madam.
The French ambassador was greeted by a crowd.
The French have reinforced their scattered men.
The French are gone, look, and there are gallant and prave passages.
The French could have a good prey of us if he knew about it, because there are no guards for it except boys.
The funeral baked meats were preparing the marriage tables for the cold weather.
I’m looking for a win in the match.
The gallants want it.
The galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers this night at one another’s heels, and many of the consuls raised and met are at the Duke’s already.
The games are finished and Caesar is returning.
The gates of mercy will be shut up, and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart, in the liberty of a bloody hand, will be wide as hell, mowing like grass your fresh virgins and your
The general and his wife are talking about it, and she speaks for you stoutly.
The general speaks to you.
The generals would like to say some words.
The gentleman who danced with her told her you’re wronged.
The gentleman will fight you for his honor.
The gentleness of all the gods will go with you!
I’ve given him a glove that I’ve given him to do a favor, and I’ll give him a box with a ear.
The glowworm shows the matin to be near, and he’s starting to pale his uneffectual fire.
The god of Jupiter.
The gods are just, and our good vices make us plagued.
The gods know— Oh, never was there queen so sanely betrayed!
The gods have ruined you!
The gods defend her!—Watch him leave for a while.
The gods protect him from such a terrible shame!
The gods do this in shame of cowardice.
The gods forbid!
The gods make this a happy day for Antony!
The gods reward your kindness!
The gods withhold me!
The gold I gave Dromio is safe at the Centaur, and the heedful slave has wandered out, looking for me.
The good years will devour them, flesh and fall, and they will make us cry.
You’re in the dark, friends!
The gown is made as if my master had a direction.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, checking the eastern clouds with streaks of light, and fleckled darkness like a drunken reels from the day’s path and Titan’s fier
The great battle of the sea and the skies shook our friendship— But listen!
The great rage is killed in him, you see.
The greater cantle of the world is lost with very little ignorance.
The greater part, the horse in general, are coming with Cassius.
The greater we should be, therefore.
The greatest thing about it is his melancholy.
The ground is really tawny.
The ground is bloody.—Search about the churchyard.
The hand of death has raught him.
The handkerchief!
The heads of the maids?
The heart is so intense.
The hearts of old gave hands, but our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.
The heavens are lurching on you for some ill, and you’ll never move them again by crossing their high will.
The heavens forbid that our love and comforts should grow even as our days grow.
The heavens themselves have blazed up the death of princes.
I showed you the herb once.
The higher the Nile rises, the more it promises.
He talks about the honor, but I didn’t have it.—But then, Caesar.
Who is the honorable lady of the house?
The hour of death is gone.
The hour is over.
The house will be quieter.
The hurt can’t be anything.
The horcanian deserts and the vast wilds of Arabia are as thoroughfares for princes to come to see Portia.
The images of rebellion and flying off.
The ingratitude of this Seleucus makes me wild.
The interim’s mine.
The iron tongue of midnight has told twelve.
The itch of his affection shouldn’t have nicked his captainship at such a point when half to half the world opposed him, he being the merchandising question.
The Jew will have justice.
The Jew will have my flesh, blood, bones and all, and you’ll lose one drop of blood for me.
The jewels you had from me to deliver Desdemona would have corrupted a votaress half of the time.
The power of the king makes me weak, weak, your reconciler!
The juice of it on the sleeping eyelids will make or make a man or woman madly dote on the next live creature that it sees.
The king and prince are at prayers.
The king and queen are coming down.
The king is coming here tonight.
The king loves you very much.
The king is more beautiful than a man, daring to be a threat to everyone.
The king is a man who isn’t a child.
The king has killed his heart.
The king has given every article, his daughter first, and, in the sequel, all, according to their firm proposed nature.
The king has heard them, and there’s no answer yet.
The king has taken note of everything they intend to do, by interpreting what they don’t dream of.
The king has strictly accused the contrary.
The king himself rode to see their battle.
The king’s master has to take it seriously, so he should restrain him from being so a little valued in his messenger.
The king is coming.
The king is full of grace and fairness.
The king is crazy.
The king is not obliged to answer the specific endings of his soldiers, the father of his son, and the master of his servant, because they don’t want to die when they’re doing their services.
The king isn’t going to answer it.
My uncle is to blame for it.
The king my father?!
The King of Naples, who is an enemy to me, hears my brother’s suit, which was that he, in lieu of homage, and I don’t know how much I’m paying for, should ext
The king is up.
The king will drink to Hamlet’s better breath, and he’ll throw richer than the four successive kings in Denmark’s crown have worn.
The King will be gone from Southampton.
The king would speak with Cornwall.
The king, his brother, and yours are all distracted, and the rest of them are mourning, scolding sorrow and dismay.
The king, sir— Yes, sir, what about him?
The king has said that he will not exceed you three times in a dozen passes.
The king, sir, has waged six barbary horses against whom he has impawned, as I say, six French rapiers and poniards with their assigns—girdle,
The king, the king’s to blame.
The king?
The king’s a savage, a heart of gold, a lad of life, a savage of fame, of parents good, and a valiant fist.
The king’s a bed.
I’ve landed the king’s son by himself, who left the air cooling with sighs in an odd angle of the island, and sitting in his arms in this sad knot.
The king’s son Ferdinand, with his hair up-staring—and then, like reeds, not hair—was the first man to leaped, crying, “Hell is empty and all the de
The knave is good.
We’re wasting our time on physics.
The ladies, her servants in her room saw her abed, and early morning they found the bed of their mistress untreasured.
The Lady Beatrice has a fight with you.
The lady is dead after my master and my false accusation.
The lady of the Strachy married the yeoman of the wardrobe.
The lady is protesting too much, I think.
The worst changes are coming to laughter.
The last of all the Romans, farewell!
The last she said was “Antony, most noble Antony!” Then in the middle of a groan, she broke the name of Antony.
The last thing I saw was that I felt your tyranny.
The law allows it, and the court awards it.
The law has another hold on you.
The law that threatened death becomes your friend and turns it into exile—there are you happy.
The laws are mine, not yours.
The time and the time of the day cut off the ceremonious vows of love and the endless exchange of sweet words, which so long-sundered friends should be able to speak with.
The less they deserve, the more you deserve.
The letters he speaks of may be my friends.
The lieutenant will be saved before the ancient.
The lieutenant will watch on guard’s court tonight.
The life”?
The same thing happens on her arm.
You’re out of your control.
The little dogs and all, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—see, they bark at me.
I wish I could have the little strength I have with you.
The Lord Grandpré.
The Lord in heaven bless you, noble Harry!
The Lord Mayor is knocking.
The Lord protect him from that kingly title!
The love that follows us may be our problem, which we still thank as love.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet are all sane.
The madly used Malvolio.” Did he write this?
The main concern is that it’s a long thought.
The man is crazy.
The man in the moon!
The man is innocent.
The man is notwithstanding enough.
The man should be put in the ring.
The man who once sold the lion’s skin while the beast lived was killed by hunting him.
How did they die?
The mariners were all stowed under hatches, and I’ve left asleep with a charm that accompanied them to their labor.
The Marshal of France, Monsieur la Far.
What’s the matter?
The Mayor and all his brethren are in the best form, like the senators of Rome, with the plebeians swarming at their heels, and go forth and fetch their conquering Caesar in—like,
The mayor is here at hand.
In the meantime, lady, I’ll raise the question of the preparation for a war that will stain your brother.
The meat was good if you were so happy.
The merchandise you’ve brought from Rome are all too dear for me.
The mercy that was quick in us but late by your own counsel was suppressed and killed.
The messenger arrived on my guard and is now unloading his mules in your tent.
The messengers from our sister and the king.
The messengers of Venice keep the meat.
The messengers!
The mighty dukes Gloucester and Buckingham.
The mighty gods defend you!
I’ll never shake my mind and my heart with fear or doubt.
The moment they plotted is almost here.—Well done.
The moblèd queen”?
The money you owe me for the necklace.
The moon is down.
The moon looks like a watery eye.
The moon is bright.
The moon?
The Moor has already changed with my poison.
The Moor has killed my mistress!
The Moor himself is on the sea and is in full service here for Cyprus.
The Moor says that he’s famous in Cyprus and has a great affinity for Cyprus, and that he’s not only able to refuse you.
The Moor’s been abused by some villainous knave, some notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.
The more fool you are for laying on my duty.
The more fool to mourn for your brother’s soul being in heaven, madonna.
The more I hate him, the more he follows me.
The more I love him, the more he hates me.
The more I pray, the lesser I am.
The more I’m wrong, the more he seems to be spiteful.
It’s a little sad that fools can’t speak wisely about what wise men do foolishly.
The more it’s pity that some honest neighbors won’t make them friends.
The morning is fair.
The morning is approaching.
The most exquisite Claudio?
The most infectious pestilence on you!
The most you wanted was her promotion, because it was your heaven that she should be promoted.
I’ll be your
His moods are dull as nighttime, and his affections are dark as Erebus.
The squeak surge that screams on the idle pebbles can’t be heard so high.
The music!
Cassius’s name honors this corruption, and chastisement hides his head.
The nature of bad news affects the teller.
The nearer, the nearer, the more bloody.
The news is true, my lord.
The next Caesarion smite, until the womb’s memory is passed, and my brave Egyptians all, by the destruction of this storm, Lie dead until the flies and gnats of
The next thing she wakes up looks at—whether it’s a lion, a bear, a wolf, or a bull, a monkey or a busy ape— she’ll pursue it
The next, our ship—which we gave out three glasses since we gave it out—is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea.
The night has been unruly.
The noble Brutus told you Caesar was ambitious.
The noble Brutus is ascended.
The noble duke, my master, my worthy arch and patron, is coming tonight.
The noblest deer has them as huge as the rascal.
The noise they make will wake Demetrius up.
The note is in the throat, if he says I said that.
The oars were silver, which, to the tune of flutes, kept the stroke, and made the water they beat to follow faster, as amorous as their strokes.
The oats have eaten the horses.
The obscure bird screamed livelong night.
The odds are gone, and nothing remarkable has been left over the moon.
The old cock.
The old man and his people can’t be well rewarded.
The old man’s daughter told us everything.
The old priest at Saint Luke’s Church is at your command at all hours.
The one I’ll stay, the other keeps me.
The one is too like an image and doesn’t say anything, and the other is too like my lady’s eldest son, always tattling.
The one of them contains my picture, Prince.
Roderigo’s death will be the one of them.
The one poisoned for my sake, and then slammed herself.
One, to save the money he spends on tiring, the other, to ensure that they don’t drop in his porridge at dinner.
The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, and death is the place, considering who you are, if any of my relatives find you here.
The order was reversed.
The other one did not.
The other half comes to the general state, which is a fine.
The other half of the crime is in the state’s debtors, and the offender’s life lies in the mercy of the Duke only against all other voices.
The ox has therefore stretched his yoke in vain, the sluggish man has lost his sweat, and the green corn has rotted before his youth has a beard.
The pale companion isn’t for our pomp.
The passages of rivers, creeks, and narrow lands; a hound who runs against the ground and draws dryfoot well, one who, before judgment, brings poor souls to hell.
The patch is kind enough, but it’s a huge feeder, snail-slow in profit, and he sleeps by day more than the wildcat.
The people know it, and now he’s been accused.
The people love me, and the sea is mine.
The perdition of the athversary has been very great, reasonable great.
The phrase would be more logical to the matter if we could carry a cannon by our sides.
The pig, or the great, or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all one thing, except the phrase is a little different.
The plainsong” is just, because humor is everywhere.
The play is the one where I’ll catch the conscience of the king.
The players can’t keep their counsel.
Then, venom, you’re going to work.
You’re going to be poisoned by that.
The poop was beaten with gold, purple sails, and so perfumed that the winds were like loveicks.
The poor world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time there was no man who died in his own person, videlicet, in a love cause.
The poison is poisoning my spirit.
I’ve bought the pound of flesh I want from him.
The power of Caesar and his power to Octavia.
The kingdom’s powers are approaching.
The prayers of holy saints and wronged souls, like high-recommended bulwarks, stand before our faces.
The Prince and Claudio promised by this hour to visit me.—You know your office, brother.
The Prince and Monsieur Love!
My brother’s prince has outgrown me.
The Prince of Arragon has oath and comes to his election now.
The Prince will punish you for death if you’re taken.
The Prince’s fool!
The princes both make good accounts of you— I know they do, and I’ve deserved it.
The princess is the better Englishwoman.—I’m sure my wooing is fit for your understanding, Kate.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
Nothing hasn’t been hidden.
The fight is between our masters and us men.
The Queen is approaching.
The queen is a carousel to your fortune, Hamlet.
The queen wants you to enjoy some fun with Laertes before you fall to play.
The Queen of audience and desire will fail, so she’ll drive her all-disgracing friend out of Egypt or take his life there.
The Queen will be kindly, so she’ll give us up?
Your mother, in a great affliction of spirit, sent me to you.
The queen, my lord, is dead.
The Queen, my lord, the Queen.
Cordelia and her father have to have a better place.
The question of his death is a question that’s being answered in the Capitol.
The rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance.
The rate— Well, Shylock, should we beholding your vows?
The best way to make the wench amends is to become her husband and her father.
I’m sure he’s insane, and besides this actual example of his rage, he told me a mad story of his own being shut against his entrance.
The reason why the seven stars aren’t more than seven is pretty.
The plague has rid you of learning me your language!
You’re welcome as welcome as your master is.
The rest of the women are aloof, with bleak faces coming out to see the issue of their exploit.—Go, Hercules!
The rest are princes, barons, lords, knights, squires, and gentlemen of blood and quality.
The rest of the day are marching on with me.
The rest of us will keep their names as they are.
The rest of you will comfort you, because your advice is sound.
The revelers are coming, brother.
We’re not going to take revenge on your traitorous father.
The round world would have shook lions into civil streets and shook citizens to their dens.
The royal tree has left us with royal fruit, which, mellowed by the stealing hours of time, will be the seat of majesty and make us happy by his reign.
The saddler had it, sir, but I didn’t keep it.
That’s true, a very valiant fellow.
That’s the same.
The sea would have flooded the sea with such a storm as his bare head endured in hell-black night.
The second cock has crowed.
The same name, but one of better nature.
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant?
The messengers from here are ready to go.
The shame itself is saying something to remedy it immediately.
The ship was under sail.
The lark has been shrill-gorged so far can’t be seen or heard.
The sight is dismal, and our affairs from England come too late.
The sight of lovers feeds those in love.
I think you had a sight from me, from Claudio and the Prince.
The sin on my head, dreadful sovereign, because in the Book of Numbers it says: “When the man dies, let the inheritance be ruined by the daughter.” Gracious lord, stand for your own
My wife’s sister, this lady, your son has been married by this.
The skies are painted with unnumbered sparks.
The skies, the fountains, and every area near me were all a cry.
The skin is good for your broken coxcomb.
The sky frowns and lours our army.
The sky would pour down a stinking pitch, but the sea, soaring to the welkin’s cheek, dashes the fire out.
The sleeping and the dead are just as pictures.
The slip, sir, the slip.
The soldier’s pole is falling!
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The son has fled.
I’ve been a close friend of Clarence’s son, his daughter has been a sex lover, the sons of Edward sleep in Abraham’s robe, and Anne, my wife, has promised this world
The sooner, sweet, for you.
I have a sorrow that I have rightly, and all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
The soul and body aren’t more involved in parting than the greatness going off.
The sound is going away.
My father’s spirit is strong in me, and I won’t endure it anymore.
The spirit has tormented me.
The spirits who know all mortal consequences have said that I’m not afraid, Macbeth.
The spring, the head, the fountain of your blood is stopped.
Spring, summer, childing autumn, angry winter change their lives, and the mazed world, by their rise, now doesn’t know which one is.
The star is falling.
The starry welkin cover you with drooping fog as black as Acheron, and lead these testy rivals so astray as one doesn’t come within another’s way.
The storm is up and everything is on the way.
The story is still alive, and it’s a choice of Italian.
The strangers are all gone.
The strings, my lord, are false.
I’ve disclosed the sum of everything I can.
The sun gilds our armor.
The sun is high, and we’re out of the day.
The sun still doesn’t clear your sighs from heaven, and your old groans still ring in my old ears.
The sun was not as true to the day as it was to me.
The sun will not be seen today.
The sun!
The sweet and bitter fool will appear now— The one who’s in a sleeve here, the other found out there.
The sweeter rest was mine.
I’ve had the sweetest sleep and the fairest dreams I’ve ever had in a drowsy head since you left, my lords.
The table’s full.
The taming school?
The taper is burning in your closet, sir.
The tempest in my mind is to take all the other feeling except what’s going on—ingratitude.
The tender prince would have come with me to meet you, but his mother was unable to help him.
The terms of our estate may not be as dangerous as the slanders of his slanders.
The testament!
The text is foolish.
The thane of Fife had a wife.
The things that threatened me were on my back.
The third world is yours, which you can do with a snaffle, but not with such a wife.
The third part is drunk.
The thought of gnawing my soul is like a poisonous mineral, and nothing can or will be a good thing for me until I’m reunited with him, wife for wife.
The thoughts of people.
The three muses mourning the death of learning, late deceased in beggary.” That’s some satire, keen and critical, not sorting with a nuptial ceremony.
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels of senators, praetors, common suitors, will turn a poor man almost to death.
We’ll spend the time between us two and six.
I’d rather hear a nightshriek, and my hair would rouse and stir as much as life would be.
The time has come when the brains were out, and the man would die, and that’s the end.
The time is coming.
The time is free.
The time is very short.
The time of universal peace is approaching.
The time to come.
It was once when you would vow that never words were music to your ear, that never object pleasing to your eye, that never touch well to your hand, that never meat sweet-savored in your taste, unless I
The time will bring it out.
The town is besieged, and the trumpets call us to the breach, and we talk and, be Chrish, don’t do anything, it’s shame for us all.
The town is a parley.
The town will rise.
The gang is stealing.
The treacherous instrument is in your hand, unbated and envenomed.
I remember the trick of that voice.
The triplex is a good tripping measure, or the bells of Saint Bennet may remind you—one, two, three.
The trumpery in my house, go bring it here for stale capture of these thieves.
The Turk is ready for Cyprus.
The tyrannous and bloody act is done, the most cruel massacre this country has ever committed.
The night’s too rough for nature to endure.
I’ve been remorsed by the words “judgment.”
The usurer hangs the cozener.
The valiant taste of death never comes only once.
The venom clamors of a jealous woman are deadly than a mad dog’s tooth.
We hope that such a bad look has lost their quality, and that this day all grief and conflict will turn into love.
The head and front of my offending are in this state, no more.
I saw you in the instant I saw you, my heart was flying to your service, and there is a place to make me slave to it, and for your sake I am this patient log-man.
I followed him fast, but he did fly faster, and I’m falling in a dark uneven way.
The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke, who went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.
The villain won’t escape.
The violet smells to him as it smells to me.
Cassio’s voice.
The wager you’ve won, and I’ll add twenty thousand crowns to their losses, another dowry to another daughter, because she’s changed as she never had.
What’s the wager?
The wall, I think, should curse again.
The watchdogs bark.
The watery kingdom, whose ambitious head spits in the face of heaven, is no bar to stop the foreign spirits, but they come as if they were a brook to see the fair Portia.
The way we go is dangerous.
The weakest fruit drops to the ground early, and so let me.
The weary way has made you melancholy.
We have to obey the weight of this sad time.
The west still glimmes with some streaks of day.
What?
The whole butt, man.
The wife of Antony should have an army for an usher and the neighs of horse to tell her about her approach long before she appeared.
The wildest people don’t have such a heart as you.
The will, the will!
The will!
The wind is sitting in your sail and you’re waiting for it.
The wine of life is drawn, and the mere lees have left this vault to be sprayed.
She drinks the wine from grapes.
Your wisdom has cost me an hundred crowns since dinnertime.
The wiser the man, the wiser the man.
The wolves have preyed on the drowsy east, and look at the gentle day, before the wheels of Phoebus, around the corner.
He’s been so long ago.
The woods of Birnam.
The word is too good to paint out her wickedness.
The words expressly are “a pound of flesh.” Take your bond, take your pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of Christian blood, your lands and goods are confiscated by the laws of Venice to the
The world doesn’t have any law to make you rich.
The world respected your father honorably, but I found him my enemy.
The world is so bad that wrens make prey where eagles don’t dare perch.
The world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
The world is huge.
The worm of conscience still begnaws your soul.
The worm that’s fled has a nature that will breed in time, and no teeth for the moment.
The worms were sprayed with the silk, and it was dyed in mummy, which the skillful men of the maidens were able to keep.
The worst fault you have is being in love.
The wren goes to it, and the small gilded fly is a lecher in my sight.
The younger ones rise when the older ones fall.
You said, “England is yours, Ireland is yours, France is yours, and Harry Plantagenet is yours,” who, even though I speak before his face, if he isn’t the
I’ll take your virtues here, whether it’s legal or not I’ll take up what’s left out.
I am their aunt, and I love their mother.
Their battles are at hand.
Their bloody sign of battle is hanging out, and something to be done immediately.
Their love course, the tidal of her death.
Their defeat is growing by their own insinuation.
Their great guilt, like poison given to work a great time afterward, has begun to bite the spirits.
Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk, and in their summer beauty kissed each other.
Their malady convinces the great ass of art, but at his touch—that sanctity has given heaven his hand—they’re now changing.
Their savages are unmatched courage.
Their names are snuck.
Their papers are more legal.
They’re ready today by sea.
Their reputation and their profit were better both ways.
Their shadows seem to be the most fatal canopy in our army, ready to give up the ghost.
Their ships are heavy, yours.
Their villainy is against my weak stomach, and I have to cast it up.
Then he’s dead: the rest of the people who are already in the midst of the expectation are already in the court.
Then it’s like a sigh of relief from a frightened lawyer.
Then it’s almost like Macbeth’s sovereignty will fall on him.
Then we’re beggars, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the beggars’ shadows.
Then she started to deal with grief alone.
Then be so, my good lord.—How is the king?
Then be a jocund.
Then be your eyes the witness of their evil.
Then my children will never have names.
Then ask for adieu and say the tears are coming to Egypt.
Then both, or one, or anything you want.
Then bring me to their sights.
Then brook abridgment, and your eyes are coming back to France after your thoughts.
Then he burst his mighty heart and, in his mantle muffling up his face, even at the base of Pompey’s statue, which ran blood all the while, great Caesar fell.
Then I’ll just wait a minute to get your food, like a doe, and go find my fawn and give it food.
Then I’m not in bed.
Then we call this the field of Agincourt, a land that was ruined by Crispin Crispianus.
Then you can confirm your Lordship that this night he dreamed that the boar had razed his helm.
Then I’ll be back.
Then comes the time, who lives to see it, that going will be used with feet.
Then she cursed Hastings.
Then they imitated the one I composed to my courser, because my horse is my mistress.
Then just say to me what I should do so that I can do it in your knowledge, and I’m pressed to do it.
Then he says he gave me some shipping, unrestored.
Then Edgar was abused.
Then every soldier kills his prisoners.
Then fly!
Then follow me and give me a crowd, friends.
Then go out, dear countrymen.
Then we’ll go in to see his embassy, which I could tell with a guess that I’d be able to tell before the Frenchman tells me a word about it.
Then God be blessed, it’s the blessed sun.
Then you’d have an excellent head of hair.
Then half of Signor Benedick’s tongue in Count John’s mouth, and half of Count John’s melancholy in Signor Benedick’s face—with a good leg and 
Then have at you, boy!
Then have my wit at you.
Then have my lips sinned about the sin they took.
Then he’s dead?
Then he offered it to him again, then he put it back by again—but, to my thinking, he was very loath to lay his fingers off it.
Then he’ll have no chance.
Then he’s a rogue, and a savage pavin.
Then listen to me, gracious sovereign, and you peers who owe yourselves, your lives, and your services to this imperial throne.
Then heaven have mercy on me!
Then go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
Then how can I say I’m alone when the whole world is here to look at me?
Then I beat my thorn, where they pricked their ears, advanced their eyelids, lifted up their noses as they smelt music.
Then I’m afraid of you, stars!
Then I know that my answer must be made.
Then I salute you with this royal title: long live Richard, England’s worthy king!
Then I’ll come to my mother by and by.
Then I’ll give you the serving creature.
Then I’ll kiss your lips, Kate.
Then I wish you were so honest a man.
Then I, and you, and all of us fell down while bloody treason flourished over us.
Then I’ll be brief.
Then if he loses, he’ll end up swaning, screaming in music.
Then if we lose this battle, you’re contented to be led in triumph in the streets of Rome?
Then, in my tent, Cassius, you’ll be engrossed in my grief, and I’ll give you a speech.
Then Caesar and he’ll be forever together.
Then he’s a nice man.
Then he’s more loyal to you than I am.
Then the world is one.
Then there’s the sun in heaven when earthly things, made even, are together.
Then keep your vow, sir, when you meet the fellow.
Then know that from my soul I love your daughter.
Then lead the way, good father; and heavens so shine that they can see how I am.
Then learn about me: to have is to have.
Then leave her, sir, because I tell you all her wealth by the power that made me.
Then leave him out.
Then let the trumpets sound the tucket sonance and the note to mount, because our approach will so dare the field that England will be afraid and yield.
Then let them use us well, and then let them know what we do, what they do.
Then let your love be younger than you are, or your affection can’t hold the bent.
Then let’s both be sudden.
Then let your servants bring my husband out.
Then let them take your will.
Then bear the truth I tell you like a Roman.
Then love me, Rosalind.
Then make a ring about Caesar’s corpse, and let me show you the man who made the will.
Then meet me at the notary’s.
Then don’t move while I pray.
Then murder is out of tune, and sweet revenge is becoming harsh.
Then I must think you wouldn’t want it.
Then the Jew must be merciful.
Then you have to find out new heaven, new earth.
Then we must look at his age to see not only the imperfections of long-lasting condition, but also the unruly waywardness that infirm and choleric years bring with them.
Then you must speak of someone who loved nothing wisely, but too well.
Then never was a man true.
Then I’ve offended none of you.
Then one of you will be a shrunk panel and, like green timber, warp, warp.
Then don’t open your lips.
Then pardon him, sweet father, for my sake.
Then listen to my impatience patiently.
Then you can tell that my dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich Capulet.
Then tell her my loving story.
Then I pleaded for you.
Then put your pipes in your bag, because I’ll leave.
Then didn’t you see his face?
Then tell me immediately what you want.
Then tell me immediately what you know about this.
Then say they were not killed.
Then I’ll bleed to death.
Then I’ll swear to Kate and you to me, and I’ll be able to keep our oaths well maintained and sane.
Then Octavia’s sighs will blow the fire in Caesar, and, like I said before, the strength of their amity will prove the author of their disagreement.
Then we’ll be crammed with news.
Then tomorrow we’ll find that they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight.
Then she has some depth?
Then she’s well, and nothing can be bad.
Then show it to me.
Then I slip from her bum, down topples her, and “Tailor!” cries, and falls into a cough, and then the whole quire holds their hips and laughs, waxes
Then I’ve heard so much.
Then stand with us.
Then he swore he was a stranger here.
Then take him up and manage the sneeze.
Then tell me if this brother is a brother.
Then tell me, if I get your daughter’s love, what dowry will I have with her to marry?
Then tell me, what’s he doing on the seas?
Then the liars and swearers are fools, because there are enough liars and swearers to beat the honest men and hang them up.
Then the whining schoolboy with his satchel and shining morning face, creeping like a snail unwillingly to school.
Then there’s no true lover in the forest, but sighing every minute and groaning every hour would be a good way to see the lazy foot of time as well as a clock.
Then there’s the County Palatine.
Then there were two cousins laid up, one of whom should be slashed with a few reasons, and the other would be mad without any.
Then there’s hope that a great man’s memory will outlive his life for half a year.
Then there’s life in it.
Then you’re damned.
Then Baptista is safe talking with the deceiving father of a deceiving son.
Then to have seen much and to have nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands.
Then he’ll go to the wood tomorrow night.
Then we’ll walk out to the marketplace, and waving our red weapons over our heads, let’s all cry, “Peace, freedom, and liberty!” Stoop, then, and wash.
Then we’re rid of Litio.
Then don’t cry.
Then weigh what loss your honor may sustain if you list his songs with a savage ear, or lose your heart, or your treasure is open to his unmastered importunity.
Why should I doubt it?
Then I’ll lay the servant creature’s dagger on your pate.
Then two of us will woo one.
Then I wish I had never seen it!
Then give up, coward, and live to be the show and the gaze at you.
Then you’re better than the king.
Then you’re insane, if you’re no better in your mind than a fool.
Then you don’t love me?
Then you’re living around her waist, or in the middle of her favors?
Then you have to say, “I take you, Rosalind, for wife.” I take you, Rosalind, for wife.
Then you’ll bring the necklace to her yourself.
Then you’ll buy them to sell again.
Then your hose should be ungartered, your bonnet should be unbanded, your sleeve should be unbuttoned, your shoe should be untied, and everything about you should be 
Then, at my farm, I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail, six fat oxen standing in my stalls, and all the things that are responsible for this portion.
Then, by myself— You’re self-misused.
Then, gentle brother, come back in.
Then, God grant me that you may be damned for that wicked deed.
Then, my good liege, don’t mistake me so much to think my poverty is treacherous.
Then, my lord, teach your cousin to consent to winking.
Then if you dare to acknowledge it, I’ll make it my fight.
Then if they die unpaid, no more is the king guilty of their damnation than he was before guilty of those impieties for which they are now visiting.
Then, in God’s name, march.
Then, in the name of God and all these rights, you’ll be able to follow your standards.
Then, if he can, stop.
Then, masters, look at a troublous world.
Then, my queen, we’re going to sleep in the shade of the night.
Then they hailed him father to a line of kings.
Then tell me, who’s the next heir of Naples?
Then, to answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly—wisely I say, I am a bachelor.
Then, window, let day in and let life go.
Then go on, with your will.
Then, in the world, you have a pair of chaps, no more, and throw all the food you have between them, they’ll grind the one one.
Then you conclude, my grandma, he’s dead.
I’ve followed it, or it has drawn me more.
From there we looked toward England and cited a thousand fearful times during the wars of York and Lancaster that had killed us.
There are more things in heaven and earth than you dream about in your philosophy.
There are my keys.—But why should I go?
There are no faces that are truer than those who are so washed.
There are no other words for the turn.
There are no tricks in simple and simple faith.
There are some shrewd contents in the same paper that steals the color from Bassanio’s cheek.
There are the actors.
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please you.
I’ll be there.
There are fools alive, iwis, Silvered o'er—and so was this.
There are rats and water rats, thieves and pirates, and then there are dangers of water, winds, and rocks.
There are some such things, no question.
There came a group of Antonio’s creditors in my company to Venice, who swear he can’t choose but break.
There comes a man and his three sons— I could match this beginning with an old story.
I could have him here—and there—and there again—and there.
Here he is.
I’m refusing my land service.
I have another bad match!—a bankrupt, a prodigal who dares to show his head on the Rialto, a beggar who was used to come so smug on the mart.
I’ll see my own figure there.
There’s a cliff, whose high and bending head looks fearfully deep.
You have a fair behavior, captain, and even though the nature of the wall is a bit rotten, I’ll believe you have a good mind to do with this kind of character.
There’s a fat friend at your master’s house who cooked me for you today at dinner.
There’s a kind of merry war between Signor Benedick and her.
There’s a litter ready.
There’s a lord who will listen to you tonight; but I’m doubtful of your modesty, so you’re breaking into some merry passion and so offend him.
There’s a man in the forest who sneezes our young plants by carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs odes on hawthorns and elegies
There’s a river in Macedon, and there’s a river in Monmouth.
There’s a poor old man who, after me, has a long, savage step smothered in pure love.
There’s only one hope in it that can do you any good, and that’s just a bastard hope.
All these men have a mind that’s bent against Caesar.
There’s more compliment on the leave-taking between France and him.
There are some means, madam.
There’s more to it.—Cousin Ganymede.
That’s more sense than reputation.
He’s not afraid.
You don’t want to harm anyone, and you don’t want to harm anyone else.
You don’t have any love.
There’s nothing else than that.
There’s no more to say?
There’s no obstacle to this.
There’s no other shelter hereabouts.
There’s no other way, unless you could put on some other form and not be Richard, who’s done all this.
There’s no other way.
There is no power in Venice that can change a decree.
There’s no tarrying here.
You’re not terrorizing me, Cassius, because I’m so strong in honesty that they pass by me like a windy wind, which I don’t respect.
There’s no way to do this, Sir Andrew.
There is no woman’s side that can tell me to beat a woman as strong as love gives me.
There is no world without walls in Verona, but purgatory, torture, and hell itself.
There’s no one except him, who is afraid of me, and under him my genius is rebuked, as it’s said Mark Antony’s was by Caesar.
There’s no sign of my uncle’s calling you.
I’m sorry for your poor government.
There’s not enough room for swearing.
There are occasions and causes for all things.
There’s one goat for you.
There’s one inside, out of all the things we’ve heard and seen, that’s what the watch has seen.
There’s so much that you’ll kill me straight away.
I’m feeling some bad news about my sleep, because I dreamed of money bags tonight.
The princes are snoring.
Edmund, there’s something strange about it.
There’s something else.
There are tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his valor, and death for his ambition.
There are ten thousand— Geese, villain?
There’s the playhouse now, there must be a seat, and then we’ll bring you back to France, charming the narrow seas to give you a gentle pass.
There’s enough time.
You’ve shown too much that it was a passion of earnest.
I had to keep your money.
There is, there is.
Here it goes, Silver!
He lay there, stretched along like a wounded knight.
Let him sink there and be the seas on him!
Tybalt lies there.
There’s the duke asleep, and there’s the keys.
There’s the man, killed by young Romeo, who killed your kinsman, brave Mercutio.
There lies your love.
You’re on your way, right west.
You’re on your way.
Lock yourself and send him the word you’re dead.
There may be as much amity and life as treason and my love.
There must be conclusions.
I’ll meet Lysander and myself there.
There’s no ghost to come from the grave to tell us this.
There are still some people here, and it’s strong against the French.
There’s rust and let me die.
Here you’ll find my cousin Beatrice, who’s proposing with the Prince and Claudio.
Titania sleeps sometime in the night, lulled in these flowers with dances and delight.
There’s a husband who can make you a wife.
There lies the grown serpent.
You can scold him, after you’ve seized his books first, or batter his skull with a log, or paunch him with a stake, or cut his weass with your knife
You might see the great image of authority: a dog is obeyed in his office.
You should be there.
There you speak about reason.
There to meet Macbeth.
There was a noise, that’s true.
He had a pretty red lip, a little more riper and more lusty red than that mixed in his cheek.
There was blow for blow.
There was more foolery to do, if I could remember it.
There was never a counterfeit of passion that came near the life of passion as she discovers it.
There was no link to Peter’s hat, and Walter’s dagger was not a result of squeezing.
There was no such army in any way.
There was no money to be used for argument until the poet and the player were cuffed in the question.
There were no good except Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.
There were no principals.
She’ll hide there to listen to our proposal.
We’ll eat there.
We’ll rehearse there, because if we meet in the city we’ll be scolded with company and know our secrets.
There would be a monster like this to make a man.
There, Diomed, there.
Here, drink that for me.
Here, gentle Hermia, I can marry you.
Here, I’ll give you my blessing.
Here, my lord.
I’ll betray fishes, whose music is playing far away.
Stop there, sir.
Take it to you, trenchers, cups, and everything!
Take it, Prince.
Here, take it, and thank you for my good cheer.
Take my coxcomb.
Take that, sir knave.
There, where the torch is burning.
There!
There.
There’s a deal.
There’s a division between the dukes.
There’s a great deal of kindness in the general people as well as in the duke himself and your daughter.
There’s a strong fellow, Menas.
There’s a time for everything.
There’s another garment for it.
There’s another.
There’s a beggar in the love that can be reckoned.
There’s only one down there.
There’s still comfort, they’re assailable.
There’s Dolabella sent from Caesar.
There’s enough.
There are few or none of them who will entertain it.
There’s a fire ready.
There’s five to one.
There’s hell, darkness, the sulfurous pit— burning, scalding, stench, consumption!
There’s still hope.
There’s a man’s house in heaven, and their candles are all out.
There’s a knocking at the gate.
She’s not a melancholy girl, my lord.
There’s magic in it.
It’s true, if he’s angry.
You’re snoring.
Here’s mine.
There’s money for you.
There’s money for you.
There’s money for your pains.
There’s more to this than to the value.
Here’s my cap.
Here’s my hand.
Here’s my key.
There’s no villain in Denmark, but he’s an arrant king.
There’s no way to find the mind’s shape in the face.
There’s no clock in the forest.
There’s no way this news gives them credit.
No doubt his majesty will recover his health soon.
There’s no offense, my lord.
There’s no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature.
There’s no true drop of blood in him to be touched with love.
There’s no one except witches here, and it’s high time for me to leave.
There’s no other one here.
I’m not a man who greets me, but who greets me like if I were a well-known friend, and everyone calls me my name.
There’s no nobler man in Rome than Antony.
There’s not one of them, but I’m keeping a servant in his house.
We don’t have a feather in our host—I hope we won’t fly, I hope—and time has ruined us.
I don’t think there’s a subject that’s sane and unasinessless under the sweet shade of your government.
She’s not yet.
There’s one at the gate.
There’s another thing for you.
There’s already a part of a power.
There’s rosemary, that’s for remembrance.
He’s a good man when he wants to be good morning with such a spirit.
There’s something else to do.
There’s something in it that’s deceivable.
There’s strange news coming, sir.
There’s the snub of it.
That’s the point.
There’s the respect that makes life so long.
There’s two or three of us who’ve seen strange sights.
There’s a warrant in that theft that steals itself when there’s no mercy left.
So we’ll shadow the numbers of our host and make a mistake in our report.
So you won’t pay for the glasses you’ve burst?
So it’s certain he wasn’t ambitious.
Therefore, all lovers use their own tongues.
So another prologue must tell him he’s not a lion.
So go away to get our stuff on board.
So cheer up.
So be deaf to my unpitied folly, and all the gods go with you!
So be damned, you’re honest!
So be happy, Cassio, because your lawyer will rather die than give you your cause.
So be a good cheer, because I think you’re damned.
So be out of hope, of question, of doubt.
So be patient.
So be patient.
So keep up and board them.—Servant monster, drink to me.
So beware of my censure and keep your promise.
So confess freely to your sin, because to deny each article with oath can’t remove or choke the strong conception that I’m groaning with.
So leave and leave him here with me.
So go out.
So wait for a moment.
So hurry on and give him his desire.
So don’t give me any advice.
So give out your belongings to Epidamnum, so you don’t have to confiscate your goods too soon.
So go with me.
So go.
So great France has pitied me for my grief and my tears.
So he hates me.
So anyone who can’t lick his fingers doesn’t go with me.
So nature wanted to fill one body with all the graces.
So please, take this note.
So I have urged him along with us to watch the night before, so if this apparition comes again, he can see our eyes and speak to it.
So please lead me to the caskets to try my luck.
So please, please, make your return to our sister.
So I promise you’re afraid.
So I tell the noble Buckingham that only a few people should get the prince.
So I took your hands, but I was slain from the point by looking down on Caesar.
So I’ll leave unkissed.
So I’ll sleep again.
So I congratulate you in my presence.”
Therefore, it’s most appropriate for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, doesn’t find any obstacle to the contrary, to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as I am to myself.
So I know that Don John has earned a thousand ducats.
So let Benedick, like a covered fire, go away in sighs and go outward.
So let every man think about it now so that he can take action on foot.
So let’s follow them.
So love it moderately.
So make space between you.
So my age is as lusty as winter, but it’s frosty.
So my clothes don’t make me sad.
So my son is bedded, and I’ll seek him deeper than he’s ever sounded, and with him there’s a smuggling.
So I can’t imagine any marvel though Demetrius, as a monster, fly my presence like this.
So let’s go to the matter.
So let’s take our everlasting farewell.
So stop, my princess, and listen to me.
So play music, then.—Prince, you’re sad.
So prepare yourself to cut off the flesh.
So prepare yourself.
So prepare to die.
So prepare yourself.
So every soldier in the war should do as every sick man in his bed should: wash every sneeze out of his conscience.
So don’t speak more.
So speak softly.
So speak.
So stay for a while.
So listen to how you implode our person, how you awaken our sword of war.
So the Dukes of Berri and Brittany, of Brabant and of Orléans, will come out and you, Prince Dauphin, will dispatch you quickly to line and return our towns of war with men of
So the moon, the ruler of floods, is savaged in her anger, so that rheumatic diseases are everywhere.
So the sadness is without limits.
So the winds, piping to us in vain, as well as in revenge, have sucked up from the sea, and the fogs that have fallen in the land have made every river so proud that they have overborne their
So, if you’re gaudy gold, I won’t be able to eat anything for Midas.
So they thought it was good to hear a play and to scold you with a merriment and a merriment that could cause a thousand deaths and prolongs life.
Therefore, this letter, being so ignorant, won’t cause any terror in the youth.
So this project
So you’re dead.
So you have to be hanged at the state’s charge.
So you’re sleeping so soundly.
So I assure you’re a bit sane.
Therefore, your parents aren’t stopping me.
So give yourself to our best mercy or, like men who are proud of our destruction, Defy us to our worst.
So hurry up and leave.
So turn and draw.
So use your discretion.
So you were confined to this rock, who had deserved more than a prison.
So we’ll have about half a dozen friends, and that’s the end.
So cry.
Tell us the Dauphin’s mind so clearly and honestly.
So you have to play Pyramus.
So your Grace may say I’ve lost it.
So go, clear your crystals.—Yoke-fellows in arms, let’s go to France, like horse-leeches, my boys, to suck, to suck, the blood to
So get it from me, as I am bound.
So keep him from being greedy, Isis.
So ask, fair Hermia, what do you want?
So goodbye.
So be prepared to hear, good Brutus.
So, good Emilia, give me my nightly clothes and adieu.
So, great King, we give our town and lives to your mercy.
So, have done it.
So listen to me, Hermia.
So please forgive me, your Highness.
So hurry up Montjoy, Lord Constable, and tell him to England that we send to know what he will give.
Therefore, merchant, I’ll limit you to seeking your life by getting help.
So, most gracious duke, let him be brought out and borne here for help.
So, my lords, we can’t wait for a happy hour to give us a chance to go on our expedition.
So, my sweet Rose, my dear Rose, be a good man.
So don’t stay by his side, Antony.
So I came here to tell you what he wants, so you can either stay him from his intentions or run away from the shame he will be facing, because it’s a thing of his own search and entirely against my will
So, patiently and yielding.
So, put your money in your purse.
Therefore, Katherine, you’ll break your mind to me in broken English.
Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit and tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes, I’ll be brief: your noble son is insane.
So when he sees the reason for fears as we do, his fears are as good as ours.
So, you clown, abandon—which is in the vulgar, “leave”—the society—which in the vulgar is “company”—of this female—which in the common is “woman”—which together is, abandon
In our letters, we don’t agree well.
Therein the patient must minister to himself.
You make the weak strongest.
You tyrants are defeated here, gods.
These are just wild and whirling words, my lord.
These are counselors who persuade me to be what I am.” Sweet are the uses of adversity, which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, has a precious jewel in
These are gracious drops.
Yes, these are news!
These are not natural events.
These are the clothes that are now in fashion, and they’re so sane—they’re called them—that many rapiers are afraid of goose quills and dare to come here.
These are a thorn, but I hope they don’t point to me.
These are the forgeries of jealousy.
These are unimaginable tricks.
I’m Edward’s weep, and I don’t.
These are good humors.
These are the Christian husbands.
Both of them put off, a poor petitioner, a care-giving mother to many sons, a beauty-waning and distressed widow, even in the afternoon of her best days, made prize and purchase his
These clothes are good enough to drink in, and so are these boots too.
These slurreds and slurred courtesies could fire ordinary men’s blood and turn preordinance and first decree into children’s law.
I’m not going to think about these things.
I’m pawning these ducats for my father here.
I’ve heard these ears of mine, you know you heard them.
These English problems will make me smile in France.
These men are a bit sane,
In the past fifteen years you’ve been in a dream or, when you wake up, you’ve been so awake as if you slept.
These fifteen years!
These foolish drops drown my manly spirit.
The Count sent me these gloves, and they’re an excellent perfume.
I’ve lost so much grief and loss that I’ll barely spare a pound of flesh tomorrow to my bloody creditor.—Well, jailer, let’s go.—God Bassanio come to see
These feathers that are growing from Caesar’s wing will make him fly like a normal pitch, who else would soar above the men’s view and keep us all in a hostile fear.
These hands are so naive that they’re a meaner than myself, since I have given myself the cause.
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows, being black, tell us they hide the fair.
The injuries the king bears will be revenged home.
These late eclipses in the sun and the moon don’t bring us any good.
Iago, Iago, I’ll send these letters to the pilot, and I’ll do my duties to the senate.
These lily lips, this cherry nose, these yellow cowslip cheeks are gone.
These many will then die.
These Moors are a changeable man in their wills—fill your purse with money.
These things are beyond their use, and I’m afraid of them.
He’s so sane that he’s stealing from Cordelia.
That’s what Desdemona wants to hear.
These things, come to light, smother her spirits.
These three world-sharers, these competitors, are in your vessel.
These tidings will comfort Cassius.
This time is a long amble.
These times of sorrow don’t give us time to woo.
These wise men who give fools money get themselves a good report—after fourteen years’ purchase.
These are not my words.
They all hate him as rootedly as I hate him.
They’re on the court, and I think they’ve already ordered this night to play with him.
They’re on the ground.
They’re all except stomachs, and we’re all except food.
They’re all welcome.
They’re beaten, sir, and our advantage is a good victory.
They’re coming to the play.
They’re absolutely welcome.
They’re free men, but I’m not.
They’re friends, Ratcliffe and Lovell.
He
They’re in the wrath of love, and they’ll fight together.
They’re incensed.
They’re louder than the weather or our office.
I’m glad to see you.
They’re natural.” I believe they’re a threat to the climate they’re pointing at.
They’re not always jealous for the reason, but jealous for they’re jealous.
They’re not near my conscience.
They’re from Norway, sir.
They’re terrible.
They’re sick?
They’re still so, or you, the greatest soldier of the world, have turned the greatest liar.
They’re then excused, my lord, when they don’t see what they do.
They’re tired?
They’re beaten.
They’re wise and honorable, and will answer you with reasons, no doubt.
They are, my lord.
They are.
They’re bleeding on both sides.—How is it, my lord?
They’re calling for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They call it Agincourt.
They can’t budge until you release them.
They’re blaming us drunken men, and we’re blaming them with a swinish phrase.
They could be happy to visit other places and come down with fearful bravery, thinking by this face to be able to say that they have courage.
They couldn’t, wouldn’t.
They told me to tell her about it, but I convinced them, if they loved Benedick, to wish him a fight with affection and never let Beatrice know about it.
They did so, to amaze me how I looked at it.
They did, Fluellen.
They’re doing me wrong, and I won’t endure it!
They’re offended by our sight.
They all fell together, as if they were.
They flatter me.
They follow the king’s wishes.
They’re all stomachs.
They’ve dispatched Pompey, and Pompey is gone.
They have a coin in England that bears the figure of an angel, stamped in gold, but that’s insculped on.
They made him drink alms-drink.
They’ve made me worms' meat.
They haven’t been commanded, mighty king.
They’ve said their prayers, and they’re waiting for death.
They have their exits and their entrances, and one man has played many parts of his life, his actions being seven ages.
They’ve tied me to a stake.
They know by height, the lowness, or the mean, if there’s a rift or a rift.
They know that your Grace has cause and means and power, and that’s your Highness.
They’re not able to keep their spirits.
They want to be sane this night in Sardis.
They’re going to warn us at Philippi here, answering questions before we ask them.
They met so close with their lips that their breaths embraced.
They murder Caesar!”Who’s inside?
They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
They must lie there.
They must take it in the sense that they feel it.
They never meet but there’s a skirmish of wit between them.
They ask, please, so that your faith doesn’t turn to despair.
They say Edgar, his banished son, is with the Earl of Kent in Germany.
They say he cried out of sack.
They say he’s been a fencer to the Sophy.
They say he was well offended and paid his score.
They say there’s only five on this island.
They say this town is full of sex, as nimble jugglers who deceive the eye, dark-working sorcerers who change the mind, soul-killing witches that de
They say you’re a melancholy fellow.
They say one Taurus.
They see and smell and have their palates both sweet and sour, as husbands have.
They’ll be arrested by and by.
They’ll be married tomorrow, and I’ll ask the duke to attend the wedding.
I swear they won’t have any, but my joints, which, if they have, as I’ll leave them, will yield them little.
They will, Nerissa, but they’ll think we’re getting better with the ones we don’t have.
They shout for joy.
They shouted three times.
They sit in the parlor fire.
They smile at me, who will be dead soon.
They’re standing and would have a parley.
They stared and were distracted.
They’re waiting for you.
They steal hearts.
They’re scolded when they run fast.
They swore that you were almost sick for me.
They swore that you were almost dead for me.
They swore you did.
The ones who add that he’s drunk nightly in your company.
The people who have done this deed are honorable.
The people who reap must sheaf and bind, then to cart with Rosalind.
They’re thrown out of their hands, and if they fall, they’ll die to pieces.
They directed us to the battle, and we’ll follow in the battle, where we’ll be winged with our chief horse on either side.
They told me I was everything.
They vanished strangely.
They were smothered.
They were traitors!
They were villains, murderers.
They’ll be tempted to believe this without trial.
They’ll steal anything and call it a purchase.
They won’t do anything to us.
They would be better if they were followed.
They would have been troubled with a dangerous suitor.
They would have me as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves or handkerchiefs, which is much against my manhood if I took from another’s pocket to put into mine, because it’s just a pocket
They wouldn’t want you to scold you today.
They might better wear their heads than some people who have accused them of wearing their hats.
They’ll be in a slew of news immediately.
They’ll whip me for speaking true, you’ll whip me for lying, and sometimes I’ll whip me for holding my peace.
They’ll kill us.
They’ll ruin my counterfeiting.
They’ll tell you all.
They’ll tell the clock to any business that we say is right for the hour.
They’re busy inside.
Thieves!
My eyes have infected me, sweet lady.
You, Claudio, you, I say.
The worst things will stop, or else they’ll climb up to what they were before.—My pretty cousin, Blessing on you.
Everything is vile and vile, and it’s not worthless.
Things aren’t ready until the end of the season.
It’s so bad, sir, that we haven’t had time to move our daughter.
Everything must be as good as it may be.
Things that have happened before are done with me.
Think and die.
Don’t think about it anymore.
Don’t think I love him, even if I ask for him.
Don’t think that Brutus will ever go to Rome.
Think about it.
Think about me like you would.
Think about Lord Hastings.
Think about me, that Phoebus’ amorous pinches black and wrinkled deep in time.
Think about your sins.
Think so, Iago?
Think about the ones who have died.
Think about Vaughan, and let your guilt fall.
Think what you want, I’m your lover’s grace.
Isn’t that you think I’m a good man, but I know that our state is secure, I’d be as triumphant as I am?
Do you think I’m no stronger than my sex, because I’m so fathered and so married?
Do you think my uncle was dissembling you, grandam?
Don’t you think the powers we have with us will cut their way through the French forces, doing the execution and the act for which we have assembled them?
Think about a worse title, and I’ll fit her to it.
Do you think so?
Do you think you’re going to walk out?
Think of yourself as a baby that you’ve gotten these tenders for true pay, which aren’t sterling.
Think, my lord?
Think, my lord?” Oh, you’re echoing me like if you were thinking about something too hideous to be shown.
When we talk about horses, you see them putting their proud hoofs on the earth, because your thoughts must be a part of our kings, and carry them here and there, jumping a little more often.
Do you think I’m cheating?
Do you think I’d make a life of jealousy, to follow the moon’s changes with new suspicions?
Do you think that you’ll have to be afraid to speak when the power to flattery bows?
Do you think the fiery fever will go out with titles blown out of adulation?
You, Hortensio, are you thinking that even though her father is very rich, any man is so a fool to be married to hell?
This was the first time we’ve gotten together to break with unharmed edges and bear back our targes uninted.
This is to feel a story, not hear a story.
This is a dull sight.
This is a good block.
This accident is not unlike my dream, because I’m already convinced that it’s happening.
This admiration is much like other your new pranks.
This is the reason she wrote that she’ll be here soon.
This avarice grows deeper, more pernicious than summer-seeming lust, and it’s been the sword of our slain kings.
This blows my heart.
This blue-eyed hag was brought here with a child and left here by the sailors.
This bond doesn’t give you any blood.
This broken joint between you and her husband will break up her and, my fortunes against any lay worthy of mention, this crack of your love will grow stronger than it was before.
This bud of love, by the ripening breath of summer, may turn out to be a beauteous flower when we meet next.
This business has been well ended.
Calphurnia’s dream is a sign of this.
This Caesar was a tyrant.
This can’t anger him.
That can’t be, without a reasonable argument.
This is cold now.
This casecase is in danger.
This castle has a nice seat.
This cold night will turn us all into fools and madmen.
This is exactly what I said.
That’s what I’m saying.
I’m choosing this course, because forty ducats are too much to lose.
You can’t trust this courtesy, and the duke will know that letter too.
This dagger has mista’en—for his house is empty on the back of Montague, and it’s misheathed in my daughter’s bosom.
This damned witch Sycorax, for mischiefs and sorceries terrible to hear from Argier, you know, was banished.
I breathed first this day.
This day, great duke, she shut the doors on me while she feasted with harlots in my house.
I’ll do this deed before I get to the point.
This deed of yours is no more worthy of heaven than you were worthy of her.
Lorenzo will be welcome to do this.
He greets your wife with this diamond, by the name of the most kind hostess, and shuts up in a sane mood.
I was afraid of this, but I thought he had no weapon, because he was very hearty.
This disease is beyond my practice.
This disturbed sky isn’t a way to walk in.
This is a way to block the blood, this cross-gartering, but what about that?
He took the bride around the neck and kissed her lips with such a smack that at the parting the church all the screamed.
This is the way the corse they follow did with a desperate hand for Fordo to live.
This is not true, because she divides us.
This dream is all wrong.
This is better than I could imagine.
This feather is a squeak.
This man doesn’t stand on points.
This man I remember remembering once he played a farmer’s eldest son.
This man is wise enough to play the fool, and to do that is a good thing.
This fellow is a man who’s very honest and knows all the things about human affairs.
That’s for him.
Will we see this fortification, gentlemen?
This evil Egyptian has betrayed me.
This was my first time in my tent this morning.
This gentleman will out-talk us all.
This green plot will be our stage, this sand-brake-brake our tiring-house, and we’ll do it in action as we will do before the duke.
This grief is crowned with consolation.
This summer guest, the temple-haunting martlet, approves, by his loved mansion, that the heaven’s breath is wooing here.
This hand is yours.
Give Lepidus this health!
This snoring party in the east and west makes us a snore and a taxed nation.
This house is little.
I made this good to you in our last conference, passed it to you in probation, how you were borne in hand, how crossed, the instruments, who wrought with them, and all other things that could be a half-
I’m wondering, that he’s in debt, and I don’t know.
I’ll report this, dear lady.
If she performs, she won’t be able to sue anyone.
Is this public opinion?
I swear that love will be inviolable.
This is a dear manikin to you, Sir Toby.
This is a devil, and no monster.
This is a fellow of the same color that our sister speaks of.—Come, bring away the stocks!
This is a man—old, wrinkled, faded, withered—and not a maiden, as you say.
This is a man’s invention, and his handwriting.
This is a majestic vision, and it’s charming.
This is a practice as full of work as a wise man’s art, because he shows a good example of folly.
This is a slave whose sanity is fading in the sanity of her he follows.—I’m out of sight, varlet!
This is a sleepy tune.
This is a very small, unremarkable man who’s going to be sent on errands.
This is a stem from that victorious stock, and let’s fear the native mightiness and fate of him.
This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral.
This is a strange thing.
That’s all.
This is an aspic’s trail, and these fig leaves have slimed on them, like the aspic leaves on the caves of the Nile.
This is as strange a maze as a gang of men, and there is more in this business than nature ever did.
This is as uncivil as strange.
This is called “the counter-attack” and so to “the lie circumstantial” and “the lie direct.” And how often did you say his beard was not well cut?
This is her very guise, and I’m asleep fast.
This is his second fit.
This is his sword.
This is Illyria, lady.
I’m offering this kind of offer.
This is Lucentio’s house.
This is pure madness.
This is more strange than a murder like that.
I’ll deliver this one.
This is my treasurer.
This is no answer, you unfeeling man, to excuse your cruelty.
This is no place, this house is just a butchery.
This is not a fool altogether, my lord.
This is not the way to win your daughter.
This isn’t yet an Alexandrian feast.
This is nothing, Fool.
This is old Ninny’s tomb.
This is old.
This is open.
This is a practice, Gloucester.
This is her— Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
This is Signor Antonio.
This is some man, who, after being praised for his bluntness, affects a saucy roughness and constrains the snoring from his nature.
This is some minx’s token, and I have to take out the work?
This is some monster of the island with four legs who has got an ague, as I say.
This is some priory.
This is the dagger you said Led you to Duncan.
This is the air, that’s the glorious sun.
This is the brief of money, plates, and jewels I have.
This is the day I wished to fall in love with the man I trusted most.
This is the day I wished I could fall on me when I was found to be false to his children and his wife’s allies.
This is the door.
This is the excellent foppery of the world that when we’re sick in fortune—often because of our own behavior—we make guilty of our disasters the sun, the moon, and the stars, as if we were
This is the fairy land.
This is the fool who gave out money free.
This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet.
This is the fruit of rashness.
This is the fruit of whoring.
This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings, which is engrossed in a fair way, so that it can be read in Paul’s today.
This is the latest talk we’ll admit.
This is the man, this is Antonio, to whom I’m so bound.
This is the man.
This is the sluggish gentleman I’ve met so often in the forest.
This is the night that makes me feel like it’s a bad night.
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo wanted us to stand.
This is the place.
This is the sergeant who, like a good and hardy soldier, fought to protect me.
This is the silliest thing I’ve ever heard.
This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
This is the ecstasy of love, who has fordoes violent property and leads the will to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven that affects our nature.
This is the false saga of verses.
This is the painting of your fear.
This is your job.
This is too long.
This is Trebonius.
That’s good.
This island is mine, by Sycorax, my mother, which you take from me.
It’s better for the enemy to seek us.
This jack of Caesar’s will give us an error to him.
This slut will cost me some money.
I’ll show you this kindness.
This lanthorn is the horned moon present.
This letter from Bellario gives a young and educated doctor a call to our court.
This lion is a very fox, for his bravery.
This Lodovico is a good man.
This isn’t like a wedding.
This makes Christians raise the price of hogs.
This man has had good advice—a hundred knights!
This man said, sir, that Don John, the Prince’s brother, was a villain.
This may be a food for my dissatisfaction.
This morality is tied to me in time and a hot summer.
They’ve fled this morning and gone, and in their steads are ravens, crows, and kites flying over our heads and looking downward on us as we were sickly prey.
This morning, like a young man who wants to be a good man, begins early.
I’ll ruin this mortal house, do Caesar what he can.
This murderous shaft that’s been shot hasn’t been lighted yet, and our safest way is to avoid the aim.
This is a strange story—if it’s all about it.
I’d like to do this, but the mistress I serve quickens the dead and makes my work pleasure.
This naughty man will face to face with Margaret, who I believe was thrown in all this wrong, hired by your brother.
This night I’m having a feast that’s been a long time, where I invited many guests like me to join me.
I’ll spend the night in a terrible and fatal way.
This night I think it’s just the daylight sick.
This night—where the cub-drawn bear would couch, the lion and the belly-pinched wolf would keep their fur dry—he runs unbeaten and asks what will take all of it.
You don’t need to do this, so you can be a better person, Swear.
This note tells me about ten thousand French soldiers who were killed on the field.
This is only the witchcraft I’ve used.
This dangerous slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, and, gazeing in my eyes, feeling my pulse,
This prince has neither claimed or deserved it, and therefore, I think, I can’t have it.
This is the prophecy that Merlin will make, because I live before his time.
I received this purse of ducats from you, and Dromio, my man, brought them to me.
This quarry is crying on the ground.
This ring, good sir—it’s a trifle.
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit, which gives men stomach to digest his words with better appetite.
That’s her, and I give you her.
That’s the voice of Friar John.
This isn’t a good thing to do.
Orlando approached the man and found it was his brother, his elder brother.
This servitude makes you want to stay unwed.
This will determine that.
This will end without the perdition of souls.
This will make our purpose necessary and not envious, which will appear to the common eye so often, we’ll be called purgers, not murderers.
This sight of death is like a bell, which warns me to be a sepulcher.
This sight would make him desperate to turn his better angel into a cursed man and fall to reprobation.
Your speech has moved me, and will do good.
This speed of Caesar’s reigns beyond belief.
This sword, shown to Caesar, will be able to enter me with this sword.
This time of year won’t give me time to think about things that would hurt me more.
The Dauphin speaks about this.
You’ll answer this question.
I’m a part of my life.
This torture should be roared in terrible hell.
I know what you’re doing.
This song is manly.
This tyrant, whose sole name is a blistering tongue, was once thought to be honest.
This villain of mine is under the prediction—there’s son against father.
This was a great argument of love for you.
This was a merry message.
This was a venture, sir, for which Jacob served—something he didn’t have the power to bring to pass but swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.
This was just like a fly by an eagle.
This was his basket.
This was looked for at your hand, and it was slammed.
This was not a fake.
It was a time when it was a paradox, but now it’s time to prove it.
This was the most unkind cut of all.
This was the noblest Roman of them all.
This was well done, my bird.
I’ll do this.
This way, my lord.
This way, my lord.
This is what I’m doing.
This wedding day may be delayed.
This week he’s been heavy, sour, sad, and much different from the man he was.
This was kindness.
I’ll wear this in my cap.
This will be a brave kingdom for me, where I’ll have my music for nothing.
This will put them out of fear.
This will scare them both so that they’ll kill each other by looking at them like cockatrices.
This wind you’re talking about blows us away from ourselves.
This would make you drink deep.
This would have been a period of love, not sorrow, but another to make it even more difficult to make it even more difficult.
This wretch has confessed his crimes.
You should pity this, not be ashamed of it.
This, and Saint George to boot—What do you think, Norfolk?
This, by his voice, should be a Montague.—What, why would the slave come here, covered with antic face, to flee and scorn our solemnity?
This is Casca.
This is Cinna.
This is Decius Brutus.
This, this All Souls' Day is the perfect excuse for my wrongdoing.
That’s it.
Thisbe?
He’ll come to know his destiny.
I must, even if I do, because servants must be satisfied with their masters' minds.
I must, and here I leave you, sir.
I’ll invite the duke and all his contented followers.
The earl of Surrey and himself were cheering up the soldiers from troop to troop.
That’s the raisind father and his friends.
I was a stranger to my brother, and I was rapting them in secret.
The good eyes of the war have glowed like a tawny Mars, and now they’re turning their eyes on a tawny front.
The cheeks of yours are a warning to fear.
The people of his room, as it seemed, had done it.
You’re doing their work, and they’ll have good luck.
The people who are good at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the country is most mockable at the court.
The people who are either abominable or abominable are evil men and they betray themselves to every evil punishment worse than drunkards.
All those who are already married, except one, will live.
People who die of it rarely or never recover.
The people who teach young babies do it with gentle means and easy tasks.
The people who have known the earth so full of faults.
The people Macbeth has killed.
The people who were your father’s enemies have sprayed their galls with honey, and serve you with hearts that create a sense of duty and zeal.
The people who follow Cassius will go with him, and public reasons will be thrown out of Caesar’s death.
If you want to hear me speak, let me stay here.
The people who rush to make a powerful fire start with weak straws.
The uncles you want were dangerous.
You shouldn’t be afraid to hear it.
You’re kind.
You’re crazy to say it.
You’d never fear the net, the lime, the pitfall, or the gin.
You’re almost making me angry to say that animals are infusing themselves into men’s trunks.
You’ll be shown an Egyptian puppet in Rome, as well as I.
You and your poor fellows did your last service well, and I must use you in such another trick.
You’re a boil, a plague-sore or embossing carbuncle in my corrupted blood.
Are you a cobbler?
You’re a good man.
You’re a fool.
You’re a lady.
You’re only a soldier.
You’re a soul in bliss, but I’m bound on a wheel of fire, that my tears scald like molten lead.
You’re a strange man.
You’re a traitor— Off with his head.
You’re a villain to impeach me like this.
You’re a villain!
You’re armed, Gloucester.
You’re as wise as you are beautiful.
You’ve come to answer a stony adversary, an inhuman wretch, unpityable, empty and unreliable from any dram of mercy.
You’re Dromio, you’re my man, you’re yourself.
You’re in a miserable state, shepherd.
You’re like one of those men who, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword on the table and says, “God send me no need of you
You’re not by my eye, Lysander, found you.
You’ve never been conquered.
You’re on your deathbed.
You’re a man who’s just a blow, and so is an ass.
You’re sure of me.
You’re the armorer of my heart.
You’re the best cutthroat, but he did the same for Fleance.
You’re the noblest man ever lived in the tide of times.
You’re doing the same thing.
You’re your father’s daughter.
You’re going to die.
You’re too like the spirit of Banquo.
You’re too wild, too rude and bold to speak—parts that become you happy enough and don’t appear to be faultless in our eyes.
You’re translated.
You’re a baggage, let me in.
You’re bleeding quickly.
You’re a bloodier villain than you can give out terms!
You’re bringing me out of tune.
You’re only reminded of my own conception.
You’re calling on someone who hates you.
You can’t compel any more than she can.
You can’t choose but know who I am.
Pompey, you can’t fear us with your sails.
You can’t frown, you can’t look a bit sane, or bite the lip as angry wenches will, or you’re not willing to be cross in talk.
You can’t speak about something you don’t feel.
You can’t.
You can tell why one’s nose stands in the middle of his face?
You’re changing and self-covered, for shame!
You’re always chiddling me for loving Rosaline.
You’re as good as you are.
You drank the stale of horses and the gilded puddle that beasts would cough at.
You did it excellently.
You stopped me.
You promised to give me a full year.
You smiled with a fortitude from heaven when I sprayed the sea with a full sea of drops of salt, groaned under my stomach, which raised me in a stomach to bear up against what should happen.
You snuck my place, and don’t you snuck my sorrow in the right proportion?
You beg her, and you’re a devil.
You conspire against your friend, Iago, if you only think he’s wronged and scolded his ear with your thoughts.
You’re infecting my eyes.
You mean something.
You don’t mark me.
You don’t want to get help from England, coz?
You see I eat.
You’re snoring.
You speak masterfully.
You don’t talk to me.
You’re doing your job fairly.
You do, and you think it’s important to tread the sand deep, to run on the north wind, to do my business in the veins of the earth when it’s baked with frost.
You drunken slave, I sent you for a rope and told you what purpose and what purpose you’re going to achieve.
You flea, you nit, you winter cricket!
You fond madman, listen to me a little bit.
You’d have to send for more money.
You had, and more, Miranda.
You have a lady far more beautiful than any woman in this waning age.
You have a sister by the mother’s side, Admired Octavia.
You’ve amazed me.
You’ve braved many men, but not me.
You’ve sung by moonlight at her window with feigning voice verses of feigning love, and you’ve stolped the impression of her fantasy with bracelets of your hair
You’ve described a hot friend cooling.
You’ve done a deed— I don’t care about your sword, I’ll tell you.
You’ve told me I’m in these wars and said it’s not right.
You’ve scolded the word out of his right sense, and your wit is so forcible.
You’ve ruined my fear.
You’ve hit it.
You’ve killed my child.
You have me, if you have me, at the worst, and you’ll wear me better and better if you have me.
You’ve been sane enough to kill you.
You have my love.
You haven’t, cousin.
You’ve got your case.
You have fought with a man for coughing in the street because he woke up your dog who slept in the sun.
You’ve railed on yourself.
Have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar?
You’ve seen these signs.
You’ve served me with great faith.
You’re getting some money from Caesar, don’t you?
You’ve taken against me a very just exception, but I’m not saying I’ve dealt with your affair most directly.
You’ve wronged Caius Ligarius.
Ventidius, you haven’t been able to distinguish between a soldier and his sword.
You have.
You’re lusting to use her in whatever kind of way you whip her up.
You know that it’s common.
You know my daughter’s pretty old.
You know my place.
You don’t know gold’s effect.
You don’t know me.
You know that Banquo and his Fleance are alive.
You know the first time we smell the air we hear and cry.
You know that the night mask is on my face, and you would be a maiden blushing on my cheek for the one you heard me say tonight.
You know that we’re working by wit and not by witchcraft, and wit depends on dilatory time.
You know where I’ll tarry.
You know that a man can’t wear a doublet, a hat, or a cloak.
You lie, a tyrant.
You’re a liar, a malignant thing!
You lie, you shag-haired villain!
You liar, you thread, you thimble, you yard, three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, nail!
You lie.
You live.
You look cheery, and I’ll be with you quickly.
You look like a man who knows a warlike charge.
You make me happy.
You may revenge — Oh, slave!
You could have done this without your beard and gown.
You lying slave, who can’t move, not kindness!
You have to be patient.
You must know, I’m not the one who leads me to honor me, but my honor.
You shouldn’t take my sharpness off.
You naughty king, what trade?
You don’t need to go.
You’ll never hear herald again.
You old traitor, remember to be a briefly.
You’re the worst person you’ve ever met.
You’re the protector of this damned strumpet, do you talk to me about “ifs”?
You rascal beadle, hold your bloody hand.
You run away, you coward, are you leaving?
You said—Oh, it’s coming to my memory, as the raven o'clock in the house, begging to all—he had my handkerchief.
You say the king is getting mad.
You say your fights hindered his sports.
You say his meat was smothered with your sour creams.
You’re sure that all the grace she left is that she won’t add to her damnation a sin of perjury.
You’re spotting the world, Volumnius, how it goes.
You’re looking for a place to fight.
You see, we’re not all alone unhappy.
You’ll give him an eunuch to me.
You’ll be a loggerhead.—Good faith, it’s day.
You’ll be the lord of it, and I’ll serve you.
You’ll be as thick as honeycomb, and each one will be stingier than bees that made it.
You’ll be whipped with wire and stewed in brine, smarting in ling’ring pickle!
You’ll buy this dear if I see your face in the daylight.
You’ll find that I’ll resume the shape you think I’ve been cast off for forever.
You’ll get kings, even if you’re not.
You’ll go back, I promise you!
You’ll have nothing but the forfeiture to be taken at your risk, Jew.
You’ll hold the opinion of Pythagoras, if I allow you to be wits, and you’ll be afraid to kill a woodcock, so you can’t get rid of your grand
You won’t go back until I’ve brought this corse into the marketplace.
You’re not going to be the worse for me, there’s gold.
You’ll not have to go.
You won’t die.
You won’t leave this grove until I’m tormenting you for this injury.—My gentle Puck, come here.
You won’t have him.
You won’t live, so I can tell you the truth, and sleep in spite of thunder.
You’ll not lose by it.
You won’t have to scold one foot to find a foe.
You’ll serve me.
You will, I assure you.
You should be honest.
You should know that Egypt had a heart.
You wouldn’t have been old until you had been wise.
You should ask if it’s possible any villainy should be so rich.
You sing sweet music.
You’re right.
You’re wiser than you are aware of.
You speak with all your wit, and yet, i’m sure, with enough wit for you.
You’re sticking a dagger in me.
You’ve been the father of good news.
You’re not me, you’re Caesar.
You teach me.
You think it’s much that this violent storm invades us to the skin.
You think I’m in sport.
You told me they were stolping into this wood.
You told me you hated him.
You torture me, Tubal.
You’re upset me, I’m not in the mood.
Capulet, you villain!
You villain, what do you say?
You were never with me for anything when you weren’t there for the goose.
You were beaten by your bloody mind, who never dreamed of killing butchers.
You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed.
You’ll fall backward when you get older.
You’ll fight with a man for cracking nuts, just because you have hazelnut eyes.
You’re going to write to Antony?
You’re worms' meat when it comes to a good piece of flesh.
You would have made your story large.
You’d be a good fool.
You, it seems, call for company to countenance her.
You, my slave, was her servant when you reported yourself.
You’re going to fight with a man who has a more or a less beard than you have.
You, wretched boy, who consorted him here will go with him.
You have, great Glamis, what you’re saying, “Thus you have to do,” if you have it, and what you’re afraid to do, than your wishes should be wiped out.
You’re a scholar.
You’re right.
You’d shun a bear, but if you were flying toward the sea, you’d meet the bear in your mouth.
You’d thank me only a little for my advice.
You’ve spoken right.
Though all the world could see, none could be as abused in sight as he did.
Even though all things foul would wear the brows of grace, grace must look like that.
Though Birnam Wood will be coming to Dunsinane, and you’re opposed, because you’re a woman, but I’ll try the last.
Although Cassio did some little wrong to him, as men in rage strike those who wish them best, I believe Cassio received from him who fled some strange indignity that couldn’t pass.
Though it’s much more important to be angry, it’s much less likely to curse me.
I wish I could be much better for myself alone, but I wish I could be trebled twenty times myself—a thousand times more fair, ten thousand times richer—that only to stand high in your account I could be
Although he’s as good a gentleman as the devil is, as Lucifer and Beelzebub himself, it’s necessary, look your Grace, that he keep his vow and oath.
Though his bark can’t be lost, it will be tossed in the mud.
Though I’m mad, I won’t bite him.
Though I die for it—as it threatens me no less—the king my old master must be relieved.
Though I look old, I’m strong and lusty, since I never used hot and rebellious liquors in my blood in my youth, and I didn’t woo with unbashful foreheads to make weakness
I struck him first, but it doesn’t matter.
Even though I wish you were dead, I won’t be the executioner.
Even though it’s a little out of fashion, this Welshman has a lot of care and courage.
Even if it’s honest, it’s never good to bring bad news.
Even though it’s pity to see such a sight, it’s becoming the ground.
Even though you’re begging me to endure her loud alarums, there are good fellows in the world, a man could light on them, would take her with all the faults and money.
Though Nature has given us wit to betray Fortune, hasn’t Fortune sent this fool into the fight to stop it?
Even though news is sad, tell them merrily.
Even though my face is now buried in the drizzled snow, and all the conduits of my blood froze up, I’ve lost some memory for my night of life, my wasting lamps left some fading g
Even though others have the arm, show us the sleeve; you can turn in your motion, and you can move us.
Though our lives— Your spirits shine through you.
Though the queen is here for a special cause, her army has moved on.
Even though we’ve never been in a fight, we know that now, on our advice, it’s a good idea to have access to our mistress and to be happy rivals in Bianca’s love,
Though nature can be a good reason for it, it can be a good reason, but nature is scourged by the squeaky effects.
Even though they’re urging me to shut my doors and let this tyrannous night take hold of you, I’ve ventured to come find you and bring you where fire and food are ready.
Though this island seems to be deserted—
Though having her and death were both one thing.
Though we’ve spent our harvest on this king, we’re going to harvest the harvest of his son.
Though you’ve put me in darkness and given your drunken cousin control over me, I’ve got the benefit of my senses as well as your Ladyship.
Three and three, we’ll feast in great solemnity.
Three people in Egypt can’t make a better note.
Three kings I had recently feasted and wanted to be the one I was in the morning.
Three months after twelve, then.
Three of the carriages are very expensive, very responsive to the hilts, most delicate carriages, and very liberal.
Three or four wenches where I stood cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him with all their hearts.
Three good young men are excellent at achieving their goals.
Three thousand ducats for three months, and Antonio bound.
Three thousand ducats, well.
Three times today my foot-cloth horse stumbled, and started when he looked at the Tower, as if he was loathed to bring me to the slaughterhouse.
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
I remember threescore and ten, and I’ve seen a lot of strange things, but this sore night has ruined my old memories.
Three times Calphurnia has cried out, “Help!
Then he walked by their oppressed and fear-surprising eyes within his truncheon’s length, while they distilled almost to jelly with the act of fear, stand dumb and don’t
My noble lord, let me ask you to pardon me for a night or two, or if not until the sun sets.
The brinded cat has mewed three times.
I saw him down in an hour, down again and fighting.
The ambition that will be a king of your own lives will be a king!
By the dead and drowsy fire, give glimmering light through the house.
The wind blows through the hawthorn.
Throw my heart against the flint and hardness of my fault, which, being dried with grief, will break to powder and finish all foul thoughts.
Throw physic to the dogs, I won’t do anything.
Throw some of them at me.
Throw this slave on the dunghill.—Regan, I’m bleeding.
Thursday is near.
So answer me in the name of Benedick, but hear these bad news with Claudio’s ears.
That’s bad, and worse still remains behind.
So die I, so, so, so.
So do all traitors.
I’m always making my fool’s purse.
They’re taking the flow of the Nile by certain scales in the Pyramid.
He’s forcing wicked men to turn their swords into their masters’ swords.
He’s a noble man, a good man, and a good man.
Our bending author has sat down with a rough and unable pen to tell the story, in a little room surrounded by mighty men, and sneezing by their glory.
So my sin is purged from my lips by yours.
So everyone goes to the world except me, and I’m sunburnt.
So he lost sixpence a day during his life.
So the candle has singed the moth.
So justice has whirled around you and left you a very prey to time, despite no more thought about what you were to torture you more, being what you are.
I’ve begun my reign politicly, and I hope to end it with a successful end.
I’ve dischargaged my part, Wall.
So you’ve heard me smothered from my bliss.
That’s the point, by your advice and your assistance, King Richard is sitting.
I think so by him.
So I’m free from the sorrow of Antony’s death.
So I let you go and give you to the gods.
I’ll do it again.
So I’ll visit her.
That’s what it must be.
It’s still alive, and the rest is still alive.
Then the losers are part of the equation.
So we can get honey from the weed and make a moral decision of the devil himself.
So I must go from the smoke into the smother, from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother.
The ornament is only the guilled shore to a dangerous sea, the beauteous scarf showcasing an Indian beauty—in a word, the seemingly savage truth that has been put on by the 
So Rosalind was created in a heavenly synod, with many faces, eyes, and hearts, to have the most precious touches.
That’s what my king says: “Say to Harry of England, even though we seemed dead, we only did sleep.
My king says that if your father’s Highness doesn’t sweeten the bitter mock you sent his Majesty, he’ll call you to so hot an answer of it that the caves and caves of
So the bowl should run, and not unluckily against the bias.
So, in short, the valiant Paris wants you to marry him.
I was asleep, by a brother’s hand, of life, of crown, of queen, and cut off my sins in the blossoms.
So we’re agreeing.
So we can see,” he said, “how the world is doing.
So when I shun Scylla your father, I fall into Charybdis your mother.
So I die with a kiss.
So, with a wing that’s imagined, our swift scene is a little more cliche than thought.
Your adversary’s wife is praying for you.
Your asses are gone about them.
Your bed will be lust-stained, and it will be spotted with lust’s blood.
Your Brutus told me to give it to you, and I’ll do his bid.
What are you doing?
Your case, dear friend, will be my precedent.
Your Clarence is dead, who stabbed my Edward, and the beholders of this frantic play, your adulterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey, smothered in their
Your conceit is closer to death than your powers are.
Your currish spirit ruled a wolf, who, hanged for human slaughter, even from the gallows, escaped his soul, and while you lay in your unhallowed dam, you infused
Your dmon—that you are a noble, courageous, high, unmatched, where Caesar’s not.
Your death and your fortunes will help your followers fly.
Your drugs are quick.
I’m leaving your dukedom and you’re begging you to pardon me my wrongs.
Your Edward is dead, who killed my Edward, your other Edward, to quit my Edward.
Your evil spirit, Brutus.
Your eyes are almost set in your head.
Your face is mine, and you’ve slapped it.
Your false uncle— Are you attracted to me?
Your Fates open their hands.
Your father has his life.
Your father!
Your clothes aren’t spotted with our blood, and you’re not in the compass of my curse.
Your gown?
Your grace will have it.
You’ve never forgotten your half of your kingdom, where I have gotten you.
Your head is as full of fights as an egg is full of meat, and yet your head has been beaten as much as an egg for fighting.
Your husband is dead in your house, and Paris too.
Your husband knew everything.
Your husband.
Your Juliet is alive, for whom you were just dead in the last few months— You’re happy there.
Your land and all the things you call your worth-sale, we’re taking your hands until you can stop you by your brother’s mouth of what we think against you.
Your life has had some honor in it.
Your life is a miracle.
Your love will never change until your sweet life ends!
Your love?
Your lover, Artemidorus” I’ll stand here until Caesar passes along, and as a suitor I’ll give him this.
Hamlet, your loving father.
Your luster will thicken when he shines.
Your master and his man are here, and that’s false news that you’re reporting to us.
Your master is a wise and valiant Roman.
What are your mistress’s marks?
Your mother was a piece of virtue, and she said you were my daughter.
Your mother’s name is ominous to children.
Your mother’s been poisoned.
Your name is Gloucester.
Your reason, dear venom, give your reason.
What’s your reason, man?
You’re still invisible.
Your sister’s sister.
Your slander has gone through and through her heart, and she lies buried with her ancestors, Oh, in a tomb where never slept in a scandal except this of hers, framed by your villain
Your smiles make you happy.
Your spirit walks out of here and turns our swords into our own entrails.
Your spirits are taller than you are.
Your substance, valued at the highest rate, can’t be a hundred marks; therefore, by law you’re condemned to die.
I’m cleaving to your thoughts.
Your threats don’t have any more strength than her weak prayers.—Henry, I love you.
Your truth will be your king.
Your voice is thunder, but your looks are humble.
Your wild actions are like the fury of a beast.
Your wit is a very bitter sweetener.
Your sorrows will make them sharp and pierce like mine.
You’re a queen, for I was a queen, and you’re outlived your glory, like my wretched self.
You’re coming to see the dreaded act you wanted to stop.
You’re a good man to them, and bring them in.
You’ll see the act yourself.
I’ll come immediately, and I’ll kill you.
Tie up my love’s tongue.
Put the libertine in a field of feasts, keep his brain snoring.
Tigers, not daughters, what have you done?
I can’t stop tainting with fear until Birnam Wood leaves Dunsinane.
I’d beg him to stay here until he comes back home.
Goodbye until I see you dressed in your soldiers’ clothes, which will become you both.
I’ll go to bed until night, my lord, and all night too.
Till noon?
I’ll go see the way the town is, see the traders, look at the buildings, and then return and sleep in my inn, because I’m tired and tired.
So sit still, my soul.
That’s enough.
So, lead the first step.
But Brutus would rather be a villager than to be a son of Rome under these hard conditions as this time is like to lay on us.
Now, think about the world.
You can only offend your lungs to speak so loud until you can get the seal off my contract.
I’m doing my job until I see you.
Time is coming.
I’ve never been so sick of this blood, nor did I age so much, nor did my fortune make me so bad about my friends, and I’ll be so bad about my life.
Time has come round, and where I started, I’ll end up.
Time will tell what pranks are, and who’s defending faults with shame lasts forever.
Time travels in different ways with diverse people.
Time, you’re anticipating my terrible exploits.
It’s a blushing, shame-faced spirit that mutinies in a man’s heart.
It’s a brave army, and it’s full of purpose.
It’s a day like the day when the sun is hiding.
He’s a good young man, and he’s well attended.
I’ll never change your virtue for you.
It’s a fearful situation.
It’s a good dullness, and give it away.
It’s a good hand, a frank one.
It’s a good thing to hear when children are coming.
It’s a good silling, I assure you, or I’ll change it.
It’s a brave man, and when it appears, it’ll be a savage.
It’s a lost fear.
It’s a match.
It’s a naughty night to swim in.
It’s a pageant to keep us in a false view.
It’s a good idea to think about it.
It’s a shrewd doubt, even though it’s just a dream.
It’s a strange serpent.
It’s a subject for a sovereign to be a good man, and for a sovereign to be a good man, and for the world to be a good man and wonder at him.
It’s a very excellent piece of work, madam lady.
It’s a vile thing to die, my gracious lord, when men aren’t prepared and don’t look for it.
It’s a wild night.
It’s a wonder that, if you leave, she’ll be tamed like that.
It’s a world to see how tame, when men and women are alone, a meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew.— Give me your hand, Kate.
It’s a worthy governor.
It’s age that nourishes us.
It’s all one thing.
It’s almost fairy time.
It’s almost morning.
It’s as arrant as a piece of knavery, you can tell, as you can offer, in your conscience now, isn’t it?
That’s Banquo’s then.
It’s been a deal that shook us up, alone, so that she’ll still be scolded.
It’s best to give him the way.
It’s better than that.
It’s better to be brief than to be tedious.—Let him see our commission and don’t talk anymore.
It’s bitter cold, and I’m sick at heart.
It’s too bad to say something.
It’s short, my lord.
I can bring you a little way, because I’m here.
It’s only a man who’s gone.
But what do I care about words?
It’s only an hour ago, when it was nine, and after an hour more it’ll be eleven.
It’s only one cast away, and so come, death.
It’s only your name that is my enemy.
It’s called the evil.
He’s sure he’s passed the river Somme.
It’s certain that the Prince is wooing for himself.
That’s true for Cyprus.
It’s certain there’s no boy left alive, and the cowardly rascals who ran away from the battle have done this slaughter.
It’s certain that every man dies ill, the ill on his own head.
It’s certain.
It’s Cinna.
It’s clean out of the way.
It’s cowardly and womanish.
It’s dangerous to be spoken.
It’s dangerous when the mighty opposites are surrounded by a sand.
It’s time for anyone in Mantua to come to Padua.
I hate it, and I want all good men’s love.
It’s impossible to control your destiny, like death.
It’s already done, and the messenger is gone.
It’s done by me, and ends in “Margaret.” You’ve ruined yourself.
It’s done.
It’s double wrong to truant with your bed and let her read it in your eyes.
It’s even so, because let our fingerache go away and it’s causing our other healthful members to feel pain.
That’s true.
He’s always a prologue to sleep.
It’s absolutely valued, not petty things.
It’s expressly against the law of arms.
It’s false.
It’s far away, and it’s rather like a dream than an assurance that my memory is worthy of.
It’s figured out in my tongue.
It’s good to understand them.
It’s the best thing to do.
It’s for the dead, not for the quick.
It’s your sister.
It’s gone.
It’s good we do so.
It’s good.
It’s hard, almost impossible.
It’s been hatched, and it’ll be.
It’s the man who sends us to destroy you here.
He’s the villain Romeo.
That’s him.
That’s him.
It’s a heavy night, but these may be fakes.
That’s her command.
It’s here.
It’s here.
It’s his style.
He’s a victim.
It’s hot, it’s smokey.
It’s locked in my memory, and you’ll keep the key of it.
We’re either here or here.
It’s just me.
It’s been known before.
It’s late.
It’s like a demi-cannon.
It’s like the howling of Irish wolves against the moon.
It’s marvellous, but you’re only coming soon, you might have heard it else.
I’d be able to do that, very often.
It’s midnight.
It’s the best thing to do.
It’s mine, and I’ll have it.
It’s monstrous.
It’s more, it’s more.
It’s most convenient.
It’s true, and he asked me to ask your Majesties to hear and see the matter.
He’s a wise man who guides his valor to act in safety.
It’s much.—Servants, leave me and her alone.
That’s my picture.
It’s neither here nor there.
It’s new to you.
It’s nine o'clock.
It’s no less, I tell you, because the sluggish hand of the dial is now on the prick of noon.
It doesn’t matter how it’s in tune, so it’s making enough noise.
It doesn’t matter.
It doesn’t matter.—Go to the fellow, good Alexas.
It doesn’t matter.
It’s not time to play.
It’s noble Kent, your friend.
It’s noble.
It’s not time for private stomaching.
It’s not appropriate to obey him like that.
It’s not for gravity to play at the cherry-pit with Satan.
It’s not in the contract.
It’s not needed yet.
It’s not true now.
It’s not as sweet now as it was before.
It’s not the first time you’ve been overshot.
It’s not the king who sends you to the Tower.
It’s not to make me jealous to say my wife is fair, is well fed, loves company, is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances.
She’s not talking to me.
It’s not yet day.
It’s only four o'clock now.
It’s near night.
It’s twelve.
It’s the time of night for witching, when churchyards are yawn and hell itself breathes out the world.
It’s one Iago, old to the general.
It’s a bit sour to be Caesar.
It’s partly my own fault, which will be fixed soon.
It’s good.
It’s past, and so am I.
It’s a terrible thing, but Iago knows that she has sex with Cassio a thousand times.
It’s pity for him.
It’s pity you’re walking around where any honest men are resorting.
It’s appropriate I obey him, but not now.
It’s safer to be the one that we destroy than to dwell in a doubtful joy.
They said they eat each other.
It’s said, man, and goodbye.
She’s going to do it, and, lo, she’ll do the happiness!
It’s been eleven years since the earthquake, and she was weaned—I’ll never forget it—of all the days of the year, on that day.
It’s so strange that even though the truth is as gross as black and white, my eyes will see it.
It’s true—but Edward’s alive.
It’s so, and he’s wearing a self-chain around his neck that he’s forsaid monstrously.
That’s true.
That’s true.
It’s a bit misching, but the cry is very dire.
It’s something, nothing: it was mine, it’s his, and has been slave to thousands.
It’s well spoken.
It’s a sport to make a runner.
It’s strange that they’re leaving home so quickly and not sending back my messenger.
It’s strange, My Theseus, that these lovers speak of.
It’s strange, strange.
It’s strange.
It’s strange.
That’s another savage.
It’s hard to bear such idleness in the heart as Cleopatra this.
It’s the curse of service.
It’s the infirmity of his age.
It’s the last service I’ll command you.
It’s the time when madmen lead the blind.
They’ve put him on the death of the old man, to have his money and his money ruined.
It’s thought Richmond is their admiral, and there they hull, expecting Buckingham’s help to welcome them to shore.
It’s three o'clock, and, Romans, we’ll fight for luck in a second night.
That’s the one: I hear him flattered, even though he’s dead.
It’s time I’ll tell you more.
It’s time for me to go.
It’s time to look around.
It’s time to get out of here.
It’s time we threw out the field and assembled ourselves to the ground.
It’s not to be doubted, madam.
It’s too bad, too bad.
It’s too late to go to bed now.
It’s too narrow for you to think about.
It’s torture and not mercy.
It’s true, your daughter says.
It’s true, and it’s a worthy signior.
It’s true, my brother’s daughter’s Queen of Tunis, and she’s heir of Naples, a region where there’s some space.
It’s true, my liege, I had this ring from her.
It’s true, my lords, he did.
It’s true, this god shook!
That’s true.
That’s true.
That’s true.
That’s true.
It’s twenty years until then.
It’s two or three, my lord, who bring you the word Macduff has fled to England.
It’s very good.
It’s very sad to think about it.
It’s very similar.
That’s very much.
It’s very strange.
That’s very true.
That’s very true.
It’s vile, unless it’s a little quaint, and I’m not sure what to do.
It’s good, lads.
It’s well agreed.
It’s good for you to think that you can’t escape Egypt without your freer thoughts.
It’s good you found me.
It’s good you’re not a fisherman.
It’s good you’re offering it behind her back.
It’s good that you’ve hunted for yourself, sir.
It’s good.
It’s a good thing.
He’s standing in the water between boy and man.
It’s wonderful that your life and your wits had not been finished all together.—He wakes up.
It’s wonderful.
It’s worse than murder to do if you respect such violent outrage.
It’s yours, and we, your scutcheons and your signs of conquest, will hang in whatever place you want.
Titinius, if you love me, mount my horse and hide your snore until he’s brought you up to troops and here again, so I can rest assured whether troops are friends or enemies.
Titinius’s face is upward.
I’m not a soldier.
Go to a nunnery.
I’m back to the ropes, sir.
To Adriana, villain, go straight to you.
To Adriana.
We’ll have the bear again to anger him, and we’ll fool him black and blue.
To answer by the method, in the first of his heart.
To answer that question, I’d confess to you.
To bait fish withal.
To Baptista Minola.
To be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune, but to write and read is a natural gift.
I’m sorry, madam.
To be Count Malvolio!
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be a sensible man, by and by a fool, and now a beast!
I’ll be able to be sure I’m not sure.
You can’t be your fellow, but I’ll be your servant whether you want or not.
To bed, to bed.
To bed?
To both their deaths, you’ll be a friend.
To Brutus’s, to Cassius’s, burn everything.
We’ll go to it with delight.
Go to sleep, silence!
I’ll give Caesar my legions and my horse.
We’re going to cry “Amen” to that.
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt man there.
To die, to sleep—no more—and to say we’re ending the heartache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to—is a consummation to wish for!
To die, to sleep.
I’ll try to do this, and I’ll try to do it.
I learned about you.
What do you want, Signior?
To Dover.
They’re begging us to eat them hungry, and when they’re full, they’ll belch us.
I’ll go to England, and I’ll go there.
I’ve been more generous to you than any other person, and I’ll give this young scholar to you.
To feed my humor, don’t wish yourself harm.
The best way to feed were at home; from there, the sauce to meat is a ceremony; the meeting was bare without it.
To get her fan, her gloves, her mask, or anything?
To get my poor, distracted husband to leave.
To find you.
To flatter Caesar, would you go get one who ties his points together?
If the boar were flying before the boar pursued, the boar would incense the boar to follow us and make pursuit where he didn’t mean any chase.
Is your lady inside?
You’re afraid to think I’m too savage, and you’re worse off if you were beaten with cruelty, which is too bad for you.
To get his place and to plume up my will in double knavery.
To go out of my dialect, which you’re so talking about.
To have a foolish wife.
To have a thousand of spits come in with them!
To have no man come over me!
To her who isn’t here, and doesn’t hear it.
I was beaten to her, my lord, when I saw Hermia.
To her, widow!
Tell him in your own voice, and tell me how you find him.
I will.
To him, Sir Topas.
I’ll send my wife to him, with whatever else you need to think of being sent after me.
He’s so sweet and loving to him.
You gallant princes, you’re right to horse.
I’ll go to Ireland.
To leave his wife, to leave his babes, his mansion and his titles in a place from where he’s flying?
I’d give them to me when I needed them, which you both denied.
To make a story of her life to a clod of a rotten marl?
To make the society more welcome, we’ll keep ourselves alone until dinnertime.
To make you answer to your name.
It’s a prison for me.
To me, sir?
To move is to stir, and to be brave is to stand.
I won’t give any more notice or place.
No more than you, no more than when you’re coming.
You’ll see enough to get to one of your guests.
To our house.
To our shores, take many doubtful hollow-hearted friends, unarmed and unresolved to beat them back.
Honor is bound to the truth when majesty falls to a wickedness.
To prayers, to prayers, all lost!
Go to prison, eyes, and never look at liberty.
It’s too bad to punish me for what you make me do.
I’ll say she’s not so.
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, who put unluckily in this bay against the laws and laws of this town, beheaded publicly for his offense.
I don’t see any moment.
To find my uncle in the Forest of Arden.
To serve me well, you all should do me the duty: teach me to be your queen, and you are my subjects.
To show a sad man is a job that the false man is easy to do.
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.
To supper?
To take it back again— Monster ingratitude!
I’ll never be able to take the widow out of her house, making her mad sister Goneril, and I’ll never be able to take her husband out of her house.
Tell me you’ll see me at Philippi.
I’m trying to tell you true truth.
Telling you where he’s lodged is telling you where I’m lying.
Take the priest, the clerk, and some honest witnesses to the church.
To the monument!
To that end, as he was matched to his youth and vanity, I presented him with the Paris balls.
To the breach, to the breach!
To death, my lord.
To the Elephant.
To the gates of Tartar, you excellent devil of wit!
To the health of our general!
Go to jail with him!
To the mines?
To the seaside right away!
To the same tune and words.
To God’s mercy.
To the vales, and have our best advantage.
You’re due to receive a woman’s services.
I’m recommending my sane soul, and I’ll let fall my eyes.
You, who haven’t been a good man or a good man.
To these injunctions, every person swears that I’m a victim of a terrible self-destructiveness.
To your and Albany’s issue, be this perpetual.—What’s the news about our second daughter, Regan, wife of Cornwall?
To this chair, bind him.—Villain, you’ll find— By the kind gods, it’s most ignobly done to pluck me by the beard.
To this, add defiance, and tell him, for the sake of conclusion, he has betrayed his followers, whose condemnation is pronounced.” So far my king and master, so much my job.
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
To go away with the title, as her mother does.
We can return to what base we use, Horatio.
What do you think?
To what end did I ask you to go home?
What do you want, my lord?
What do you want?
To which we all appeal.
Who’s the office?
Who?
To whom do you say this?
To whom is your Grace speaking in all this presence?
To whom, my lord?
To those who sent the king to hell.
I’ll wreak the love I bore my cousin on his body that slaughtered him!
I’m bound to live and teach you.
To, to, to— To murder me?
Today the lords you talked about are beheaded.
Tom will throw his head at them.—Avail, you curs!
Tom, let’s go!
Tom’s cold.
Tom’s a cold.
Tomorrow dinner?
Tomorrow I’ll hunt again.
Tomorrow is the day.
Tomorrow is the joyful day, Audrey.
Tomorrow morning, come to my house, and since you couldn’t be my son-in-law, be my nephew.
Tomorrow night, look for yourself to lie alone.
Tomorrow night, when Phoebe sees her silver face in the watery glass, a grass covered with pearls, and the sand that’s still hiding in the air.
Tomorrow or the next day they’ll be here.
Tomorrow we’ll go back to our brother England.
Tomorrow we’ll be fully informed.
Tomorrow I’ll expect you to come.
Tomorrow we’ll hear ourselves again.
Tomorrow I’ll send you.
Will it be yours to be crowned tomorrow?
Tomorrow we’ll be married.
Tomorrow, with your earliest words, let me speak with you.—Come on, my dear love, the money you’ve made is going to be the fruit of the purchase.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, we’re all scolding fools in this petty pace from day to day to the last time we’ve recorded.
Tomorrow, as he wants.
Tomorrow, before the sun will see, we’ll spill the blood that has escaped today.
Tomorrow, Caesar, I’ll be able to tell you rightly what I can do on land and sea at this moment.
If you want to speak with me tomorrow, I’ll come home to you.
Tomorrow, my lord.
Tomorrow, sir, I’ll fight for my credit, and the one who escapes me without a broken limb will acquit him well.
Tomorrow, soldier, I’ll fight by sea and land.
Tomorrow, I’ll judge a happy day.
No one can understand or name you!
No, don’t say a word.
Tonight I’ll leave.
Tonight I’ll mourn Hero.
Tonight in Harfleur we’ll be your guest; tomorrow we’ll be heading for the march.
Tonight she’s mewed up to her heaviness.
My dear son is too familiar with such sour company.
Too late, good Diomed.
It’s too long for the things you’re looking for.
Too old by heaven.
Too old to be engaged to young people.
Too fast is as late as too slow.
Too well what women can owe men.
Too well, too well.
Tooth that poisons if it bites, Mastiff, greyhound, mongrel grim
Touch her soft mouth and march.
Don’t touch me so close to me.
Have you touched the bastardy of Edward’s children?
We must be so sane, whose ruin you’ve sought, that we can deliver you to her law.
I’m telling you this, it’s an honest ghost.
They’ve fled towards Peloponnesus.
Is Chertsey, noble lord?
I made him to him, but he was ware of me and stole into the woods.
Are you the powerful pike?
Tranio’s hitting you now.
Tranio, I saw her lips in coral and perfumed the air with her breath.
Tranio, let’s go.
Tranio, you scolded me.
So I’ll get to your power.
Travelers never lie, even though fools at home condemn them.
Go, give me your money.
Treachery!
Treason and murder were always kept together as two yoke-devils swore to either of them, working so grossly in a natural way that admiration didn’t scold them.
He’s not a victim of a crime, nor is he a victim of poison, domestic, foreign, or anything else.
Treason!
Trebonius knows his time.
She stood tremblingly and suddenly dropped.
The oaths of the general’s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will be a great idea to think about.
Trinculo, if you bother him more in the story, I’ll supplant some of your teeth with this hand.
Trinculo, keep a good tongue in your head.
Trinculo, don’t run into any further danger.
I’m here, Audrey.
The king is a triple-turned whore!
I think your other rebato would be better.
My lord, I’ve played the role of Lady Fame.
No, no more than reason.
I can’t give you any without words, and words are so false that I’m loath to prove that I’m not able to do anything wrong with them.
Don’t bother him anymore until he’s settled.
Don’t bother us.
Don’t bother yourself any more.
Do you know where I’m going?
True hope is swift and flies with swallow’s wings.
It’s true that we’ve seen better days and have been knolled to church with a holy bell, sat at good men’s feasts and wiped our eyes off the drops that have sparked
True or false, it’s made you Earl of Gloucester.
True, madam.
True, madam.
Yes, my good boy.—Come, bring us to this hovel.
Yes, my lord.
True, noble prince.
Yes, sir.
“No,” said she, “a fine little man.” “No,” said I, “a great wit.” “Right,” says she, “a great gross one.” “No,” said I, “a good wit.”
True!
True.
I’m afraid you’re both damned by father and mother.
That’s a peck of provender.
Yes, she’s an obedient lady.
I’m sure it’s a shadow’s shadow.
I have him, but I wouldn’t be the party that wants you to touch him, because he’s immortal.
I think they are.
I wish the gods had made you poetical.
Yes, madam, he holds Beelzebub at the end of the staves as a man in his case can.
I’m Cinna.
She’s a very good writer.
Yes, she must be given a marriage, or the marriage is not legal.
It’s a good life, but it’s a good life, and it’s naughty.
I’m a wll.
I’m just a cobbler, sir.
The better for my enemies and the worse for my friends.
I’m going to do more work, sir.
You’re like an honorable father.
The more he’s to blame.
The tree is a bad fruit.
Yes, young gentlemen, even though there was no big thing in the ditty, the note was very untold.
Trust me, I’m glad about it.
I could do anything— Please, don’t do anything else.
Trust me, I’m afraid it’s.
Trust me, I’m taking him for the better dog.
Don’t trust rotten planks.
Don’t trust Trebonius.
Trust me, think about it.
Tubal, a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe, will furnish me with a bed.
Once again, I’ll come to know you, King Harry, if you’re going to get your ransom, before you’re finally overthrown.
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen.
Turn from me, then, to the noble countenance where the whole world worships.
Turn melancholy away to funerals.
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues, and my horse is a good argument for them all.
Turn your back and tell your king I don’t want him now, but I could be willing to march on to Calais without impeachment.
Look, there, as grim as hell!
Turn right at the next turn, but at the next turn on your left.
Turn, hellhound, turn!
I’ll give you a chorus to this history.
Don’t worry, man.
Tush, Gremio.
I’d rather say the fool’s the fool.
I’ll be scolded, and everything will be good, I assure you, wife.
You’re wrong.
Oh, hey, man, never flee and jest at me.
Oh, a toy!
Don’t worry about me.
I know why they do it.
I’ve lost myself.
I have the best armor in the world.
I don’t like it.
She’s a lamb, a dove, a fool to him!
You’re a man.
Oh, my lord, we won’t stand to fight.
Oh, you’re iced, your kindness freezes.
He never liked a color.
It was a fault that was unwilling to.
It was a rough night.
It was a shame no less than his loss, to get your flying flags and leave his navy gazing.
It was a sweet marriage, and we’re going to be happy.
It was a long time before I could get a tooth.
He was told against him, and he quit the house on purpose that their punishment could be freer.
I was actually promised to strike, and you’ve given me the most bitter terms.
I was the one who killed her.
I was, but it’s not me.
It was never a happy world, since low-feigning was a compliment.
There was no need to tell me to trudge.
He was in his tent on a summer evening, and that day he overcame the Nervii.
You were the boy who stole your meat, and you’ll beat the post.
It was flesh that shook the pelican daughters.
I was told you were rough and coy and sullen, and now I find a report a very liar.
That was where you wooed the gentlewoman so well.
It was comforting to see that misfortune could beguile the tyrant’s rage and frustrate his proud will.
We laughed at you.
Is it weak by the nose?
Twelve years ago, Miranda, twelve years ago, your father was the Duke of Milan and a prince of power.
Twenty crowns?
Twenty crowns.
It would be as good a deed as to drink when a man’s hungry, to challenge him to the field and then to break his promise with him and make a fool of him.
He’d better not say anything wrong about Brutus here.
It’s damning to think so, but I’m not sure what to say.
You’d be good to do so much for charity.
You’d be good to tell him, because who’s just a queen, fair, sober, wise, would hide from a paddock, from a bat, a gib, such a dear concern?
You’d be too curious to think about it.
He turned his back twice and purposefully, but kindness, nobler ever than revenge, and nature, stronger than his just occasion, made him give battle to the lioness, who quickly fell before him; in which I was
Then the trumpets sounded twice, and I left him tranced.
It’ll be a good way to fight, and tomorrow the fight will be.
It’ll be a storm.
It’ll be heavier soon than a man’s weight.
You’ll be wrong.
It’s a naughty thing, but let it be.
It’s time to record a precedent, and many errors by the same example will rush into the state.
You’ll gain or perish on the seas.
Wind and weather will keep you warm.
He’s not going to be seen there.
Two deep enemies, who are begging me to rest, and my sweet sleep disturbers, are those who I wish you could deal with.
Two hundred ducats.
Two nights together, these gentlemen Marcellus and Barnardo were on their watch, in the dead waste and middle of the night, and were seen as if you were your father, who was armed at point-to-point
You’re at two o'clock?
Two of both kinds make four.
Two of my brother’s men were bound!
Two of the fairest stars in all the heavens, who have some business, are begging her eyes to twinkle in their spheres until they return.
Two of them have the same honor, and if they’re misled, they’ll be able to do it in John the Bastard, who’s a man who’s a villain.
Two or three groaners.
Two such opposing kings still encamp them in man as well as in herbs—grace and rude will.
Two things are to be done: My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress.
He’s got two things more than that: that he’s now a Christian, and that he’s a gift from the court of justice for all the money he’s possessed, to his son Lo
Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
Two, two—a shirt and a smock.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banned.”
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo has been banned.
Tybalt would kill you, but you slew Tybalt—there are you happy.
Tybalt, my cousin!
Tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?
Tybalt, the heir to old Capulet, sent a letter to his father’s house.
Tybalt, the reason I have to love you is to excuse the rage that comes with such a greeting.
Tybalt’s death was a terrible one if it had ended there.
Tyranny is dead!
Tyrant, show your face!
Tyrants were crying when it was reported.
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
Unaccompanied man is no more than a poor, bare, forked animal as you are.—Off, off, you’re lending!
Unarm, Eros.
Unbutton here.
You’ve dealt with me uncharitably, and my hopes are ruined.
Uncle, I have to come out.
Uncle, this is a Montague, our enemy, a villain who has come here to scorn our solemnity this night.
Uncle, your Grace knows how to bear with him.
Uncle!
Why are you coming to murder us?
Unwind in the western valley.
Let women die under a compelling occasion.
Under Captain Gower, my liege.
I sink under love’s heavy burden.
Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under the earth.
Under this conjuration, speak, my lord, because we’ll hear, note, and believe in your heart that what you say is sprayed as pure as sin with baptism.
What captain do you serve?
What title should I give you, so God, the law, my honor and her love can make her tender years look like a joy?
Take it away.
I’ll sell my dukedom to buy a slobb'ry and a dirty farm in that nook-shotten isle of Albion.
Unhappy fortune!
I’m so unhappy that I can’t eat my heart into my mouth.
Unkindness can do much, and his unkindness can defeat my life, but never taint my love.
Don’t scold your lord, your king, your governor.
If he doesn’t have a fancy for this foolery, as it appears he has, he’s not a fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he is.
If I haven’t mista’d his colors much, which I’m sure I haven’t done, his regiment is at least half a mile south of the king’s power.
Unless the master were the man.
If you could teach me to forget a banished father, you shouldn’t teach me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure.
I’m not a good lady as you are.
This is a terrible mockery!
I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ll bet I’ve been a fool until I know this.
It’s too late to get this hurt.
Storms make men expect a dearth.
To bad causes swear as many men as you can.
The high imperial type of this earth’s glory is to the dignity and height of fortune.
I was unwilling.
I’ll lead them up and down, up and down.
He sat up in the air, crowned with the golden sun, saw his heroical seed and smiled to see him mangle nature and deface the patterns that God and French fathers had made for twenty years.
That’s right.
Up to some scaffold, to lose their heads.
Up to the breach, you dogs!
I’ll lie here tonight.
Up, my lords.
You dukes of Orléans, Bourbon, Berri, Alençon, Brabant, Bar, and Burgundy, Jacques Chatillon, Rambures, Vaudemont, Beaumont, Grandpré
Up, up, and see the great doom’s image!
Up.
I was a bit upset with the cut of a courtier’s beard.
Upon condition that Publius will not live, who is your sister’s son, Mark Antony.
Upon her landing, Antony sent to her and invited her to supper.
He’s ashamed to sit on his forehead, because it’s a throne where honor can be crowned.
He’s not a man who’s dreadfully rounded him, and he’s not a man who’s jokingly dressed up in a dark night, but he’s a
I swear, my brother, and this grieving count saw her, hear her, at that hour last night talk with a ruffian at her window, who, like a liberal villain, has actually confessed
I heard a humming, and a strange one, which awakened me.
Then each actor came on his ass.
I swear by some means, I’m obnoxious of all my money.
I’ll do it on my life, my lord.
I’m sure she’s a sane, sane man.
I can dismiss this court unless Bellario, a trained doctor I sent for to determine this, is coming here today.
I’m a lie, a wicked lie.
On my sword.
On record, my gracious lord.
My Cordelia, the gods themselves throw incense on such sacrifices.
I kiss your hand and call you my queen.
On the moon’s edge there’s a huge drop.
What was the thing that sank on the cliff?
Upon the king!
On the platform, eleven and twelve, I’ll visit you.
I’m right on the right hand.
Upon four strokes.
Upon four strokes.
At ten.
When I heard about the poisoning?
Have them!
I said that on this hint.
What bargain do you give me?
What cause?
What sickness did you suffer?
Upon your sword, win the laurel and be beaten up before your feet.
Urchins will go out of the night to work, and all of them will be on you.
Don’t ask me to do anything else, I’ll forget myself.
Don’t give me any charity or shame.
Tell us the necessity and the situation of times, and don’t be peeved in great designs.
Use Desdemona well.
Use it for my love some other way than swear by it.
Use lenity, sweet chuck.
Use me as a spaniel—spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me.
Use me well.
Use them after your own honor and dignity.
Use your authority.
What are my thoughts?
Don’t let your gravity go into a gossip’s bowl, because here we don’t need it.
I’ll give you your merits, and I’ll blemish Caesar’s triumph.
Varrus and Claudio!
Vengeance, plague, death, confusion!
Stop my nonsense!
Vent my nonsense?
Verona, I’m leaving for a while to see my friends in Padua, but of all my best beloved and approved friend, Hortensio.
Summer in Verona hasn’t been such a beautiful flower.
Very brief, and to exceeding good sense—less.
It’s very easy.
Very bad.
Very happy.
Very good orators, when they’re out, they’ll spit.
Very good, my lord.
Very good!
Very good.
Very sick, too.
Very similar to a whale.
Very many, men and women too.
Very sweet and contagious, I’m sure.
He’s very vile in the morning, when he’s sober, and most vile in the afternoon, when he’s drunk.
Very well mended.
I think it’s very well done, wisely, wisely.
Very well, madam.
Very well, my lord.
Very well, my lord.
Very well,” “go to”!
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Very well.
Don’t ignore his ghost.
Don’t ignore his prescience.
Victory is on our helms.
Let’s go to earth.
I’m no one.
I say, I’ll knock me at this gate and rap me well, or I’ll knock your knave’s slap.
No, not for your life!
Villain, you denied the gold’s receipt and told me about a mistress and a dinner, for which, I hope, you felt displeased.
Villain, you don’t know the law of God or man.
You’re a fool, you lie.
A vile whore!
Villains, you didn’t do that when your vile daggers hacked one another in Caesar’s sides.
Virtue is beauty, but evil is empty trunks o'erflourished by the devil.
Virtue isn’t a hornmaker, and my Rosalind is virtuous.
Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied, and vice may be a mistake.
Virtue that is a slander is only patched with sin, and sin that is only patched with virtue.
Virtue?
I hope to those who haven’t read the story that I can tell them to tell them, and I humbly ask them to admit the excuse of time, numbers, and course of things that can’t be presented here
Wear this ring.
I’m not going to curse your self by circumstance.
I’m not allowed to acquit myself, but to be a woman.
Wake Duncan with your knocking.
Don’t wake her up.
Wake up when some vile thing is near.
Warm, oh my.
Yes, my man’s as true as steel.
Wasn’t it the way?
Wasn’t it to this purpose that you began to tell such a fine story?
Was he saved you?
Was it you who did so often to kill him?
Was there ever a book with such a vile subject that was so fair?
Was a man ever so rayed?
Was a man ever so beaten?
Was a man ever so tired?
Was there ever a match clapped up so suddenly?
Was a woman ever won this fight?
Was a woman ever wooed by this humor?
Wasn’t he born from a woman?
Wasn’t he companion with the riotous knights who are chasing my father?
Wasn’t he here?
Was I with you there for the goose?
Wasn’t it yesterday that we spoke to each other?
Was it so late, friend, when you went to bed, that you’re lying so late?
Was Milan thrust out of Milan, so that his issue should become kings of Naples?
Was my father a traitor, Mother?
I never had a mother so much to lose.
Never had a widow so much to lose.
Didn’t Charles, the duke’s wrestler, speak to me?
Didn’t Count John sit here at supper?
Didn’t Cassio break from my wife?
Wasn’t that a letter from a good Jessica?
Wasn’t this love true?
Was that done like Cassius?
Was that my?
Was that my father who left here so fast?
Was the crown offered to him three times?
Was the hope drunk when you dressed yourself?
Was this ambition?
Was this before the king returned?
Was this fair paper, this very good book, made to write “whore”?
Are they washing his wounds with tears?
Wash your hands.
Was it born in the forest here?
Was it ever in court, shepherd?
Was you mad, that you answered me so madly?
Didn’t you be charged with peril— Why Dover?—Let him answer that first.
Watch me like a pig.
Watch you for the command tonight, I’ll lay it on you.
We all expect a gentle answer, Jew.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar, and there is no blood in the spirit of men.
We’re arrant knaves, all of them.
We’re blessed by the change.
We’re so sad that Rome has rid of him.
We’re bound to the same.
We’re still enough to smother the English in our throngs, if any order could be thought of.
We’re for you.
We’re friends.
We’re glad the Dauphin is so friendly with us.
We’re haunted.
We’re in God’s hand, brother, not in theirs.
We’re men, my liege.
We’re not a tyrant, but a Christian king, whose grace is as subject to our passion as our wretches are in our prisons.
We’re ready, my lord.
We’re sent to give you a thank you from our royal master, only to show you his vision, and not pay you.
We’re spoiled and he is!
We’re like things that dream about, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
We’re the makers of manners, Kate, and the freedom that follows us stops the mouth of all the slanders, as I’ll do yours for defending your country’s nice style by refusing me 
We’re the queen’s abjects and we must obey.— Brother, goodbye.
We’re their parents and originals.
We’re three of them.
We’re two lions littered in one day, and I’m the older and more terrible.
We’re gone, lady, we’re gone!
We’re very sorry for it.
We’re still young in the matter of things.
We are, my lord, and we’ve come to have the warrant that we can be admitted to where he is.
We’re strangers here, how do you trust such a large charge from your own custody?
We both have sex as well, and we can both end up soaking up the cold winter as well as he.
We came here crying.
We came here to fight with you.
We can’t all be masters, and we can’t be followed.
We can’t be both here and there.
We can’t call her sighs and tears.
We can’t fight for love as men can.
We’ll charge you, in the Prince’s name, to stand!
We’re not afraid of augury.
We kept our time, sir, in our catches.
We did, my lord, weeping and commenting on the sobbing deer.
We don’t come as a fool to contest you, but we’re not going to be.
We don’t know.
We don’t mean the snatchers, but we’re afraid of the Scot, who has been a giddy neighbor to us.
We do, my lord.
We don’t doubt it.
We don’t doubt that every rub we’ve gotten on our way.
We don’t doubt a fair and lucky war, since God has brought this dangerous treason to light.
We’ll first speak to you, who, with this king, rivaled for our daughter.
We follow you.—Juliet, the county is still alive.
We found him in the churchyard.
We wish we had two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth.
We had a much more monstrous feast than that, which was worth noting.
We have a foolish banquet to eat.—Is it true?
We’ve beat him to his camp.
We’ve been praying for our husbands’ welfare, which, we hope, will make us better.
We’ve been looking for him all over the place.
We’re glad that matters are so well understood.
We have agreed to all terms of reason.
We’ve done our job.
We’ve been too far.
We’ve recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery ever known in the commonwealth.
We’ve kissed away Kingdoms and provinces.
We’ve lost the best half of our affair.
We’ve lost your son forever, I’m afraid.
We have no friend except a friend, and we have the best outcome.
We don’t have any such thing, sir.
We haven’t made any preparations.
We haven’t spoken to anyone about torchbearers yet.
We haven’t yet set the day of triumph.
We’ve scorched the snake, not killed it.
We’ve seen the best of our time.
We have a store to do it, and they’ve earned the money.
We’ve already sworn, my lord.
We have two hours to get out of here.
We’ve used our throats in Egypt.
We’ve used to conquer standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot.
We have willing dames enough.
We have, sir.
We’re here to help you.
We hope to make the sender blush at it.
We’re not judged less.—Uncle of Exeter, please, add the man who railed against us yesterday.
We know each other’s faces; for our hearts, he doesn’t know more about mine than I’m about yours, or I’m about his, my lord, than you are about to love.
We know your charges, Brakenbury, and we’ll obey them.
We know what’s going on with a watch.
We’ll be able to learn from the confident tyrant who’s still in Dunsinane and will endure our battle before it.
We’ll see you tomorrow.
We didn’t look for Mark Antony here.
We love him very much, and we’ll continue to give him our grace.
We can as sanely spend our vain command on the enragèd soldiers in their armor as send precepts to the Leviathan to come ashore.
We can do this for a while before daybreak.
We must be married, or we must live in a sane.—Goodbye, good Master Oliver, it doesn’t matter.
We must be patient, but I can’t choose but cry, to think they should lay him in the cold ground.
We have to bear everything.
We must both give and take, my loving lord.
We have to die, Messala.
We have to do something, and it’s time to get out of here.
We have to follow the leaders.
We have to have your hose and doublets plucked over your head and show the world what the bird has done to her own nest.
We have to go to the king.
We can’t displease him now.
We shouldn’t.
We have to obey the time.
We have to go out and talk.
We have to starve our eyes from the food of lovers until midnight.
We have to watch.
We never valued this poor place in England and therefore, living here, gave ourselves a barbarous license, as it’s always common that men are the most merry when they’re away from home.
We’re near his cell now.
We don’t please them by land.
Please, for your own sake, embrace your own safety and give up on this attempt.
We say Shore’s wife has a pretty foot, a cherry lip, a bonny eye, a pleasing tongue, and that the queen’s kindred is made gentlefolks.
We say the king is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen has been struck in years, fair, and not jealous.
We see how mortal and unkind they are.
We see it and will say it.
We see the beginning of the day, but I think we’ll never see the end of it.—Who’s there?
We’ll be unprepared for this time.
We’ll be the more attractive.—Bonjour, Monsieur Le Beau.
We’ll scold you for letting me stay.
We’ll find a time, Audrey.
We’ll find him a shrewd man.
We’ll think about it further.
We’ll get a rare letter from him, but you won’t deliver it?
We’ll know by this fellow.
We’ll never be younger.
We’d obey if she were ten times our mother.
We will, my liege.
We’ll do what you command us, my lord.
We will, my lord.
We’d like to see you in the council today, but we’ll take it tomorrow.
We should have met you on land and sea, supplying everyone on the stage with a special greeting.
We should profane the service of the dead to sing a requiem and rest to her as to peace-stressed souls.
We don’t speak of treason, man.
We’re talking here in the public haunt of men.
We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites: If we don’t obey them, this will happen: they’ll suck our breath or pinch us black and blue.
We thank your Honor.
We’ll forget the handwriting of our hands sooner than the rebirth of desert and merit, according to the weight and worthiness.
We don’t think so, my lord.
We three are married, but you two are sped.
We took him for a coward, but he’s the devil incardinate.
We took this mattock and this spade from him as he was coming from this churchyard’s side.
We two will sing like birds in the cage.
We two will guard your person while you rest and watch your safety.
We’ll wait on your Grace.
We’ll wait on your Grace.
We’re going to waste our lights in vain, like lights by day.
We were Christians before, and we could live as many as we could.
We’ll be married on Sunday.
We’ll be satisfied!
We’ll be witnesses.
We’ll see his death.
We’ll go together.
We’ll go walk a little in the orchard, then to dinner.
We’ll greet you at the time.
We’ll hurry.
We’ll see more of this tomorrow.
We won’t have any telling.
We’ll have a prologue like this, and it’ll be written in eight and six.
We’ll hear Caesar’s will.
We’ll leave your father’s house soon.
We’ll be here.
We’ll meet, and we can listen courageously and obscenely.
We won’t fail.
We’ll do what we want.
We’ll convince him, if it’s possible, to put on better things before he goes to church.
We won’t go any further in this direction.
We won’t spare for any wit, I assure you.
We’ll speak further.
We’ll do well yet.
We’ll climb up to the top of the mountain, fair queen, and see the confusion of hounds and hear them in conjunction.
We will, my noble lord.
We will.
We wish you peace.
Before we hear him, we’d be able to decide some things that matter to us and France.
We want all of these crimes to be cut off so quickly, and we give express charge that in our marchs through the country there is nothing forced out of the villages, nothing taken but paid for, none of the French upbraided
We wouldn’t die in that man’s company, who fears his fellowship with us.
We would do that, and then we’d go ashore.
We’re ready to decline at the height of this country.
We, Hermia, have created both one flower, both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, and both singing in one key, as if our hands, our sides, our voices, and our minds had been 
We’re often committing our own harms, which the wise powers refuse to do for our good, and we’re so lucky by losing our prayers.
We’ll go along ourselves and meet them at Philippi.
We’ll answer.
We’ll leave tonight, and we’ll be a day before our husbands return home.
We’ll be friends first.
We’ll beat ’em into a hole.
We’ll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors.
We’ll burn his body in the holy place, and with the brands we’ll burn the traitors' houses.
We’ll burn the house of Brutus.
We’ll bury him, and then, what’s brave, what’s noble, let’s do it after the high Roman fashion and make death proud to take us.
We’ll cut the signior’s hair.
We’ll go all together.
We’ll feast each other if we’re parting, and let’s draw lots of people who will start.
We’ll give them the opportunity to speak.
We’ll go along together, and if you’ve spent your youthful wages, we’ll be able to get some settled low content.
We’ll go to supper in the morning.
We’ll do it tomorrow night.
We’ll have you trimmed up to a softer and sweeter couch than the lustful bed on purpose for Semiramis.
We’ll have you, as our rarer monsters are, sprayed on a pole and underwrit, “Here may you see the tyrant.” I won’t give up, to kiss the
We’ll hear a play tomorrow.
We’ll hear what he says.
We’ll hear him.—Noble Antony, go up.
We’ll hear it, Antony.
We’ll hear the will.
We won’t keep a great ado, a friend or two.
We’ll know all about our fortunes.
We’ll lead you there.
We’ll leave you, Brutus.
We’ll eat dinner again here.
We’ll mutiny.
We’ll never meet again, we’ll never see each other again.
We’re not going to run, Monsieur Monster.
We’ll overreach the graybeard, Gremio, the narrow-prying father, Minola, the charming musician, amorous Litio, all for my master’s sake, Lucent
We’ll revenge his death.
We’ll see if they die first.
We’ll see our husbands before they think about us.
We’ll send Mark Antony to the senate house, and he’ll say you’re not well today.
We’ll send you to school to teach you that winter isn’t laboring.
We’ll begin these rituals as soon as we trust them to end, in true delights.
We’ll speak to them, and tonight I’ll force the wine to peep through their scars.—Come on, my Queen, there’s still sap in it.
We’ll talk to you at sea.
We’ll teach you to drink deep before you leave.
We’ll go to church tomorrow.
We’ll go to dinner.
We’ll go to the river.
We’ll visit Caliban, my slave who never gives us a kind answer.
We’ll wait on your lordship.
We’ll wait on your lordship.
We’ll whisper about a couple of or two of most sage saws.
Weapons, arms?
Wear both of them, because both of them are yours.
Weary nights nine times nine will dwindle, peak and pine.
Wednesday is tomorrow.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.
You’re not a sanctuary in taking him.
Welcome back from Mantua.
Welcome here.
Welcome here.
Welcome home, Grumio.
Welcome to Cyprus.
Welcome to Rome.
Welcome, ass.
Welcome, dear madam.
Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Welcome, destruction, blood, and massacre.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, good Cambio.
Welcome, good Robin.
Welcome, Iago.
Welcome, lady.
Welcome, my friends.
Welcome, my good Alexas.
Welcome, my lord.
Welcome, Publius.
Welcome, Signior.
Welcome, then, you unsubstantial air that I embrace!
Welcome, wanderer.
Welcome.
I’m hoping for a young man like that.
Well, welcome to the open air.
Goodbye, gentlemen.
Good luck.
Well demanded, wench.
Well, go away.
Well, you’ve heard something hard about it.
Good, I’m sure.
I know the man well.
Good luck.
Well, you can woo and be happy to be your speed.
Good morning, we’ve got a good meeting here.
Good morning, Corporal Nym.
Good morning, honest gentleman.
Good morning, my lord.
Good-bye, good-bye, Master Antipholus.
Good luck, Lion!
Well praised!
Please, father.
Well roared, Lion!
Good run, Thisbe!
Well said, old mole!
That’s right.
That’s right.
Well, moon!—Truly, the moon shines with a good grace.
Well struck!
Well then, confess and live.
Well then, go into hell?
Well then, I know you.
Well then, if I ever thank any man, I’ll thank you.
Well then, it seems you’re getting my help.
Well then, Legitimate Edgar, I have to have your land.
Well then, no more than this: go, gentle Catesby, and, as far as it were, you Lord Hastings would tell you how he’s positioned in our mission and summon him tomorrow to the Tower to
Well, have you thought about my speeches now?
Well then, keep me alive.
Well then, take a good heart and be fooled to be a man.
Well then, the peace you urged you to give him is the answer he gave him.
Well, this was Signor Benedick who said that.
Good idea.
Good thought.
Well too.
You were well-a-day, sir.
Well, it’s not true, my Lord High Constable.
Well, again.
Well, it’s all one.
Well, it’s all for that.
Well, and I’m like to do, because I see, four feasts are coming.
Well, as time will tell.
Well, you guess?
Well, I’ll turn and have something lean to cut the hand out.
Well, it’s true.
Well, Brutus, you’re noble.
Well, I’m not sure.
Well, what time is it?
Well, Catesby, if I’m older for a few days, I’ll send some packing that doesn’t think about it.
Well, come back tomorrow.
Well, come, my Kate.
Well, daughter, and you ladies, all get out of here and come dressed.
Well, do it, and be brief.
Well, do your discretion.
Goodbye, my lord.
Well, for your favor, sir, please thank God, and don’t boast about it, and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there’s no need for such vanity.
Well, go ahead, go ahead!
Well, gentlemen, I’m so happy: On Sunday next week, you know that my daughter Katherina is going to be married.
Well, go away.
Well, girl, you’re not crying for his death, as much as for the life of the villain who killed him.
Well, go on your way.
Well, go on your way.
Well, go to, I will.
Well, go on.
Well, God give them wisdom.
Well, God bless you.
Good night.
Well, happy to their sheets!
Well, heaven’s foremost, and there are souls to be saved, and there are souls to be saved.
Well, here’s my comfort.
Well, honor is the subject of my story.
Well, I’m glad everything works out so well.
Well, I’m not fair, and therefore I beg the gods to make me honest.
Well, I’m sorry for your niece.
Well, I can’t tell.
Well, I think so.
Well, I’ve done it.
Well, I don’t know what the harsh Fortune casts on my face, but I’ll never come to make my heart cry.
Well, I don’t say no.
Well, I’ll be a sinner, to be a double-dealer.
Well, I’ll call Beatrice to you, who I think has legs.
Well, I’ll do it, even if I take you in the king’s company.
Well, I’ll forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours.
Well, I’ll go, and I’ll give them to you as you bade me.
Well, I’ll marry one day, but I’ll try.
Well, I’ll go.
Well, I’ll do it.
Well, I wish you liked me.
Well, I’ll be revenged as I can.
Well, I’ll break in.
Well, I’ll end the song.—Sirs, cover the time; the duke will drink under this tree.—He’s been looking at you all day.
Well, I’ll go hide the body in some hole until the duke orders his burial.
Well, if you were only an inch better than me, where would you choose it?
Well, you’re missing out on that hit.
Well, Jessica, go inside.
Well, Jove, not me, is the one who does this, and he deserves a thank you.
Well, Juliet, I’ll lie with you tonight.
Well, keep me quiet for two years, you won’t know the sound of your own tongue.
Well, let him go.
Well, let it be.—What a ho, Malvolio!
Well, let it strike.
Well, let that rest.
Well, let them rest.—Come here, Catesby.
Well, let’s go and say how much is done.
Well, look at it.
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, masters, we hear our charge.
Well, I hope you see what’s going on there.
Well, more on that.—Come on, I ask you, is the king coming?
Well, my dreadful lord—I have to call you now.
Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.
Well, my good lord, I’ve told them so.
Well, my good lord, I’ll do it.
Well, my lord.
Well, officer, arrest him at my trial.
Well, old man, I’ll tell you news about your son.
Well, please be calm, sir.
Well, let’s go.
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in the heart.
Well, praise the gods for your foulness; you can come here later.
Well, sir.
Well, sir, I’ll tell you, because I’m not idle.
Well, sir, get in.
Well, sir, good night.
Well, sir, thank you.
Well, sir, I will.
Well, sir, I’ll bring you to Lear’s house and leave you to attend him.
Well, sir, I’m not sure the gown is for me.
Well, sir, learn to scold me in good time.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.—Lord, Lord!
Well, then, it’ll be dry.
Well, sir, we won’t.
Well, sir?
Well, sir.
Well, sir.
Well, sit down and listen to Barnardo’s talk about this.
Well, stand aside.—God, they’re both in a beer.
Well, Susan is with God.
Well, Syracusian, tell us in brief the reason why you dep-arted from your native home and for what reason you came to Ephesus.
Well, tell me what lady you’ve been to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage, that you promised to tell me today?
Well, that’s the dowry of his wife, and it’s not his own.
Well, that’s the beginning that’s dead and buried.
Well, then I’ll see you again?
Well, then, that’s the humor of it.
Well, think about marriage now.
Well, you do the best.
Well, you have made me feel so wonderful.
Well, time is the old justice who examines all such offenders, and time is the time to try.
Well, we’re alive.
Well, we’ll see what you’re doing.
Well, we’ll sift him.—Welcome, my good friends!
Well, we were born to die.
Well, we’ll leave you until dinnertime.
Well, we’ll see it.
Well, well, let’s go.
Well, well, put your sword on your sword.
Well, well, you have a careful father, child.
Well, well, we’ll thrive now.—Seen you, my good fellow?
Well, well, well.
Well, well.
Well, what’s it?
Well, what was yours?
Well, what worst thing?
Well, you’re a rare parrot-teacher.
Well, you’re going both ways.
Well, you’re going to call all the alehouses and ask those who are drunk to get them to bed.
Well, you’ve made a simple choice.
Well, you may be afraid to go too far.
Well, you’re rushing around with the hours.
Well, you’ll be sentenced for not long.
Well, that’s right.
Well, that’s right.
Well, that’s right.
Well, that’s right.
Well, now come, my Ariel!
Did he leave now?
Went they didn’t get out of here quickly, I’d die with laughing.
Don’t you go to her for a purse of ducats?
If I were able to keep my hands in my blood, they would be able to displace and tear your flesh and bones.
If there were twenty of the greatest tributaries who acknowledge Caesar, would I find them so sour with the hand of her here—what’s her name since she was Cleopatra?
If he weren’t warmed with ale, this would be a bed but a cold place to sleep so well.
If I were a common laugher, or if I were a stale man, or if I were a stale man, or if I were a stale man, or if you
If I were in England now, as I was once, and I had only painted this fish, I would be a holiday fool here, but I would give a piece of silver.
If I were my father, coz, would I do this?
Did it be good, do you think?
Isn’t it better to be taller than a man, because I’m more than common tall, and that I would fit me all the points like a man?
Were never orphans so much lost.
Didn’t my doors lock up and I’ve shut out?
Didn’t you even get with the Countess Olivia?
Were things like that here?
If I were in the world, Demetrius being bated, I’d give you the rest of my time to be translated.
If they weren’t forced to marry those who should be ours, we could have met them with courage, beard to beard, and beat them back home.
If we were in front of our army, and I were going to fight, I would do that.
Weren’t we born under Taurus?
If you were a woman, as long as the rest of you go, I’d let my tears fall on your cheek and say, “Three-welcome, drowned Viola!” My father had a
Did you come here when it started?
Did you make the messenger?
If you were well served, you would be taught your duty.
You’re as young as I am, Juliet, your love, you’ve only been married an hour, Tybalt was murdered, you’re like me, and you’re banished, then you’re
Don’t you want to be banned from dying?
Don’t bet my brother, I wouldn’t take this hand from your throat until this other had pulled out your tongue for saying that.
What “quality”?
What a blow it was!
What a blunt man this man has grown to be!
What a brazen-faced man you’re trying to deny you know me!
What a savage you keep here!
What a fearful night this is!
What a foolish duty do you call this?
What a life is this that your poor friends must woo your company?
What a long night this is!
What kind of man are you?
What a night this is!
What a pestilent knave this is!
What a ninny this is!—You scurvy patch!—I beg your greatness, give him blows and take his bottle from him.
What a plague means, my niece, to take the death of her brother like this?
What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit!
What a sigh!
What a strange drowsiness they have!
What a triple ass I was, to take this drunk man for a god and worship this dull fool!
What a wretched and peevish fellow this king of England is to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his knowledge.
What do you mean by Adam?
What an eye she has!
What do you think?
What are his words?
What are these faces?
Who are the actors?
What are they, please ask your ladyship?
What are your comings?
What are you going to do then?
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
What are you who grumbled there in the straw?
What are you doing to keep me out of the house I owe?
What are you, fellow?
What are you doing?
What kind of savage isn’t he?
What beard would I use to play it in?
What beast did you think you were breaking this deal with me?
What black magician is threatening this fiend to stop charitable acts?
What kind of man is that bloody man?
What do you call the carriages?
What can be avoided if the gods want to end the battle?
What does he say in this?
What can’t I do?
What do you swear by now?
What else?
What cheer, my love?—Demetrius and Egeus, go along.
What cheer?
What claim does she make to you?
What color, madam?
What time can you name, who ever graced me in your company?
What have you done?
What company is this?
What color is she?
What are they worried about?
What conquest brings him home?
What’s Conrade?
What counterfeit did I give you?
What country is this, friends?
What countryman?
What foot is wandering this way tonight to cross my rite of love and obsequies?
What day is this?
What devil are you who torture me like this?
What did he do when you saw him?
What did your song do, lady?
What did you do to make it happen?
What did you mean by that handkerchief you gave me now?
What did you like?
What do I fear?
What do you see on you?
What do they do in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west?
What do you call the play?
What are you doing alone?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean to dote on such luggage?
What do you mean, my lord?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you see?
What do you think of marching to Philippi now?
What do you think of me?
What do you think?
What does he say about Brutus?
What’s the tyrant doing?
What does this mean, my lord?
What dogs are these!
What do you know about me?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you think?
What are you wearing your best clothes?
What do you mean by this?
What does she say, my lord of Buckingham?
What drink do you drink often instead of sweet, but poisoned flattery?
What early tongue is that sweet salute for me?
What effects, my lord?
What else, fellow?
What else?
What is the business, Popillius?
What’s wrong with our eyes and ears?
What eye would spy out such a fight?
What features?
What’s going on, then, my lord?
What fool is this?
What kind of play did we play that we came from here?
What friend?
What can you see from the cape at sea?
What further troubles do you have to face against me?
What gentleman?
What good is covered with the face of heaven, to be discovered, that can do me good?
What’s going on, no matter.
What did he do to make him fly the land?
What did he do to you?
What handkerchief?
What’s this harmony?
What have you been?
What have you found?
What are you going to do?—Sister, be quiet.
What did he say?
What has shattered them has given me fire.
What did I keep back from that?
What have you done with the dead body, my lord?
What have you done?
What have you, my good friends, deserved from the fortune she sent you to prison here?
What he lost, noble Macbeth has won.
I’ve written my sister’s letter.
I’m not a fan of him, but I’m just trying to please his fantasy.
What heir of York is there alive but we?
Horatio!
Oh, the Emperor’s guard!
What horrible thing is this?
What hour is it?
I’m as secret as a girl.
I will do what I can, and I will do more than I dare for myself.
I’d say it all to your suggestion, plot, and damned practice.
I don’t know what I should think of this, but I think that’s true: there’s no man so vain that would refuse such a fair offer.
What if a man brought him a hundred pounds or two to make a happy day?
What if I had said I saw him do you wrong?
What if I didn’t go any further, but decided to go here?
What if it’s come to you again?
What if my house is ruined by a rat and I’m happy to give ten thousand ducats to have it baned?
What if this mixture doesn’t work at all?
What kind of matter will he make easy next?
What’s wrong?
What infinite heart’s ease do kings neglect that private men enjoy?
What time is it?
What do you want?
What do you say?
What are you doing?
What do you say?
What do you want?
What is it, my lord?
What did he say to you, Ophelia?
What is it?
What time is it?
What is a man if his chief good and market of time are only to sleep and feed?
What is a traitor?
What’s wrong?
What’s between you?
What’s been decreed must be, and that’s the way it is.
What’s he at the gate, cousin?
What’s the reason for a fool who’s prone to a bad mood?
Who will buy his flock and his pasture?
What do you want, niece?
What is he, Biondello?
Who is her mother?
What’s this?
What’s his name?
What’s his name?
What is his strength on land?
What else is it?
What’s she doing now?
What do you want to tell me?
What did you say?
What do you want?
What’s it, my good friends?
What’s it?
What’s my name?
What’s my offense?
What is Pyramus?
What is she?
What is she?
What’s that noise?
What’s the course and the direction of your pact?
What’s the matter here?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter with you?
What’s the matter, hmmm?
What’s the matter, husband?
What’s the matter, lady?
What’s the matter, masters?—Honest Iago, who looks dead with grief, Speak, who started this?
What’s the matter, my lord?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the news?
What do Pythagoras think about wildfowl?
What’s the reason for this terrible summons?
What’s the success?
What time is it?
What is this castle called, which stands by hard?
What’s this?
What’s this that looks like a king, and wears on his baby-brow the round and top of his sovereignty?
What’s this?
What is Thisbe?
What’s your name, young man?
What’s your name?
What’s your name?
What’s your news then?
What is your soul of adoration?
What will you do with her?
What should I say to him, lady?
What do you mean by gentleman?
What’s your difference?
What’s your name?
What is your fatherage?” “I’m not sure what I’m doing, but my state is well.
What do you want, madam?
What do you want?
What are your thoughts?
What will I do with this?
What will you send me?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What is, my lord?
What’s my nation?
I’ll tell you what it is, Caius, and how it will be done.
What it should be, more than his father’s death, that puts him so much from his own understanding, I can’t dream of.
What judgment should I do if I didn’t do anything wrong?
What kind of god are you, who suffer more of mortal grief than your worshippers?
What kind of help do you need?
What kind of woman is she?
What lawful quest did the judge give their verdict?
What less is the Prince’s doom than doomsday?
What life does that mean to be the death of this marriage?
What is his amendment likely, lords?
What love could force Lysander out of my side?
What do you mean by leaving home?
What makes him here?
What’s the frontline on that?
What was the trouble between you and me?
What man are you, who stumbles on my advice, so be screened in the night?
What man do you dig it for?
Who is that man?
Who is that man?
What man was he talking to you for a night out at your window, twelve and one?
What’s your crocodile doing?
What kind of man are you?
What kind of man are you?
What many men want”—that “many” may be meant by the fools who choose by show, not learning more than the fond eye does teach; which pries not to the interior, but like the martlet builds
What do you mean, sir?
What music, what music?
What can I call your name?
What can’t she do?
What do you mean, Caesar?
What do you mean, madam?
What do you mean, sir?
What are you doing?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean, that you don’t help me?
What do you mean by that, Malvolio?
What’s that bloody knife?
What’s this nonsense?
What’s this lady?
What’s this shouting?
What’s your grace?
What’s your lordship doing?
What men do daily, not knowing what they do!
What men have you lost, Fluellen?
What men can do!
What mercy can you give him, Antonio?
What would it be like to see that this sweaty rush makes the night work together with the day?
What could I do to send my sister’s letter to him?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What misadventure is that early in the morning that calls our person out of our morning sleep?
What mistress, slave, are you?
What money, sir?
What must be will be.
What name, fair lady?
What do you need?
What’s the need for a bridge much larger than the flood?
What do you need to be five and twenty, ten or five to follow in a house where twice as many people have a command to take care of you?
What should you run so many miles about when you can tell your story the nearest way?
So what did you need that terrible sneeze into your pocket?
What are you waiting for?
What’s the need for this remark, woman?
What news are you getting out of here?
What news do the merchants have?
What news did Genoa have?
What’s the news from her?
What news do you have more?
What news do you have, sir?
What news, Borachio?
What news do you have, my lord?
What news, what news do you have in this stumbling state?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What news do you have?
What’s the news about this haunted grove?
What’s this noise?
What’s that noise?
What’s that noise?
What’s this noise?
What’s this noise?—Not dead?
What’s that noise?
What’s that noise?
What’s wrong with his spongy officers, who will be guilty of our great qull?
What’s going on, Lucillius?
What about that?
What time tomorrow will I send you?
What about that?
What about that?
What about that?
What offense, sweet Beatrice?
What other bond do you have than secret Romans who have spoken the word and won’t be able to scold?
What paper were you reading?
What’s the passion that hangs on my tongue?
What are they doing?
What a poor instrument can do a noble deed!
What prisoners of good sort are taken, uncle?
I don’t know what private grief they have, and that made them do it.
What kind of wretch are you?
What promise, chuck?
What do I need to do about that?
What raiment will your Honor wear today?
What kind of wickedness can he hold when he climbs down the hill with his fierce career?
What’s going on?
What ring did you give me, my lord?
What did he say when he came to himself?
What did he say?
What did my man say when my sane soul didn’t attend him as we rode?
What did Northumberland say about Richmond?
What satisfaction can you have tonight?
What do the snoring men say?
What do you say, sir?
What do you say then to Falconbridge, the young baron of England?
What do you say to a neat’s foot?
What do you say to a piece of beef and mustard?
What do you say, Bottom?
What do you say, Hermia?
What do you say, uncle?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you say, my beautiful flower de luce?
What do you say, noble heart?
What do you say now?
What do you say, Biondello?
What do you say?
What does he say about our marriage?
What does Lord Stanley say?
What do you say, my lord?
What does Polonius say?
What does Romeo say?
What does that fool of Hagar’s descendants say, ha?
What does the golden chest say?
What does the silver say with her virgin hue?
What does this lead casket say?
What does your Highness say to my just request?
What do you say to him?
What do you say to me now?
What do you say, my dear Nurse?
What do you say?
What sense did I have in her lust-filled hours?
What serious contemplation are you in?
What services can you do?
What should we do, then?
What will happen from this?
What should I call you when you’re a man?
What should I do?
What should I do?
What should I know of you?
What should I say?
What should I swear by?
What else should we do?
What should we do, Enobarbus?
What should we hear about this?
What should you ask about me that I’ll deny, that honor, saved, you may give after you asked me to give?
What should a man do only to be cheerful?
What should he be?
What should I do for you?
What should I do I do not do?
What should I do with him?
What should I do?
What should I say to you?
What should I say, lady?
What should I say?
What should I do— In this wild world?
What should I think about it?
What should I say that the shrieking is so loud abroad?
What should I do for fellows crawling between earth and heaven?
What should that mean?
What should the war do with these jigging fools?
What should this mean?
What should we say, my lord?
What sights, my lord?
What simple thief is brags about his own achievement?
What soldiers, patch?
What soldiers, whey-face?
What’s the speech, my good lord?
What is she about?
What time did I have except Edward?
What time did we have except Clarence?
What sum does he owe the Jew?
What do you say about robbing?
What good year is it, my lord?
What then?
What then?
What are these things, my lord Antonio?
What do you think of the Scottish lord, his neighbor?
What do you think of this fool, Malvolio?
What do you think about it?
What do you think about it?
What do you think of Stanley then?
What do you think, will our friends prove to be true?
What do you think?
What do you think of his opinion?
What you see when you wake up, do it for your true love.
What you want to do is to get your hand.
You would highly, that you would holily, but you wouldn’t play falsely, and yet you wouldn’t win.
What if he love your Hermia?
What if I’m not as blessed as you—so blessed, so fortunate—but I’m miserable to love unloved?
What if I killed her husband and her father?
What three things does drink make you angry?
What advice can you tell me about my lord?
What to him from England?
The last thing that touches us will be done.
What trade, you scolded?
What traitor hears me and doesn’t say “Amen?” England has long been mad and scarred herself.
What Tranio did, I told him to do that.
What treasure, uncle?
What tributaries are he going to Rome to make his chariot wheels captive?
What trumpet is that?
What’s that trumpet?
What two crowns should they be?
What unaccustomed reason did she get here?
What villain touched his body, who stabbed him, and not for justice?
What villain, madam?
What villains have done this?
What’s this warlike noise?
What was that conspiring that pale Cassius was going to do?
What was the man you followed with your sword?
What was he sad or merry?
What did you tell me today, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signor Benedick?
What was the obstacle that broke this off?
What was the last cry for?
What was the second noise?
What was your cause?
What was your dream, my lord?
What kind of attention do you have to be careful about your eyes and night?
We’ll do what we want, and we’ll do what we want.
What were his marks?
What should I say?
What were these?
What value would you have if the King of Naples heard you?
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare to Hermia’s spherical eyne?
What will happen from this?
What will happen tonight, if you escape the king!
What do you think I’ll do?
What will this do?
What do you want to do with it, that you’ve been so diligent to have me snatch it?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
What do you want to give me for the same handkerchief?
What will you give us?
What will you do for her?
What will you do?
What will you tell her, Nurse?
What with a torch!
What woman, then?
What woman’s man?
What’s this wood in the woods?
What’s going on here, Charmian?
What would my lord do, but he may not have, where Olivia might seem to be a good friend?
What would I do, my lord?
What would I do, my lord?
What would my powerful master do?
What would she have?
What do you want?
What do you want to say to me now, if I were your very, very Rosalind?
What do you want with her, sir?
What do you want with me, my honest neighbor?
What do you want, Desdemona?
What do you want?
What do you want, old man?
What do you want with me?
What do you want now?
What are you going to do with us?
What would you write about me if you were to praise me?
What do you want, fellow?
What do you want?
What wound did you heal only by degrees?
What years, I’m sure?
What you’ve charged me with, that I’ve done—and more, much more.
I’ll consider what you’ve said, what you have to say, and find a time to meet and answer such high questions.
What you’ve said may be so perchanceous.
You know what you know, you know.
I’ll stay here to see what you want in your cave.
I’m trying to figure out what you want me to do.
What, a feast, a feast?
What, a prisoner?
What, all my pretty chickens and their dams were swooping at one fell swoop?
What, all of you are asleep so soon?
What, an advocate for an imposter?
What, and my old Venetian friend Salerio?
What, and do you stake down?
Are you and Pistol friends yet?
What, are the brothers separated?
Are there masks?
Are they children?
What, are we scolding the kings if we deserve it?
Are you yet?
Are you busy?
Are you hurt, lieutenant?
Are you crazy about why you do so?
Are you crazy?
Are you crazy?
What, is it insane?
What, are you afraid?
What, are you ashamed of me?
What, are you coming?—Only, gentlemen, let’s go!
What, are you drawn from these heartless men?
What, are you hurt?
What, are you awake?
What, keep her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, uncovered slander, unmitigated rancor—Oh God, I wish I were a man!
What, Brutus?
What, Curio?
What, dead, my dove?
What, did Caesar swoon?
What, did he marry me to famish me?
Didn’t they ever whisper?
What, are you making us minstrels?
What, do you scorn me for my gentle advice, and soothe the devil I warn you from?
What, drawn, and talk about peace?
What, for a counter, would I do just good?
What, snoring with false fire?
What, from myself?
What, girl, even though gray do something to mingle with our younger brown, we’re a brain that nourishes our nerves and can get goal for goal for youth.
What, are you going to the Tower?
What, Grumio!
What, have his daughters brought him to this pass?—Can you save nothing?
Has this thing appeared again tonight?
Have you eaten at home?
Have you forgotten me?
Have you lost your wits?
Have you written that letter to my sister?
Hey, Brabantio!
Oh, what!
Oh, what!
What, you?
What, household stuff?
What, I say?
I’ll be jovial.
What, my lord?
What, the storm, the night?
What, in my sight?—Bianca, get in.
What, in our house?
What, in the middle of the street?
Is Antonio here?
Is Brutus sick, and will he steal out of his wholesome bed, to dare the vile nightfall and tempt the rheumy and unpurgised air to add to his sickness
Is he angry?
What, is he dead?
What, is he dead?
Is my beaver easier than it was?
What, is the fellow mad?
What, is the jay more precious than the lark because his feathers are beautifulr?
What, is the man a savage?
Is there such a place?
Is that true?
What, jealous Oberon?—Fairies, skip out of here.
What, keep a week away?
What, lamb!
What, Lucius!
What a night of fun!
Oh, man, courage is still in place!
There are ways to recover the general again.
What, man?
What, master, have you read?
What, please, should I do at Salisbury?
What, mistress!
What, should I come to you with five and twenty, Regan?
What, must I hold a candle to my shames?
What, should our mouths be cold?
What, my dear Lady Disdain!
What, my good lord?
What, my gracious lord?
What, my lord?
What, my lord?
What, my worshipful old master?
What, no more ceremony?
What, no more?
What, not a whore?
What, not a word?
What, not a word?
What, not one hit?
What, don’t you want to pray?
Nurse, I say what!
What, Octavia?
What, of death too, that rids our dogs of a longing?
Pindarus!
What, please, man!
What, is the married woman you want to go?
What, should I be notified hours like if I didn’t know what to take and what to leave, ha?
What, will I find you here?
What, should I groan and tell you?
What, should I stab him as he sleeps?
What, should one of us who struck the foremost man in this world only for supporting robbers, now we’ll be tempted to bribe our fingers with mighty bribes and sell the mighty space of
What, should we speak about this speech as a excuse?
What, should we go to the Tower?
What, sigh for the toothache?
What, sir, are you still sleeping?
What, so brief?
What, still in tears, evermore showering?
What, the necklace?
What, do you think we’re Turks or infidels?
What, do you mean an officer?
What, are you talking drowsy?
What, you?
What, to kiss in private?
What, to perverseness?
What, up and down, carved like an apple tart?
Was I married to her in my dream?
We have many good days to see!
What, were you snarling all before I arrived, ready to catch each other by the throat and turn all your hatred on me now?
What, what, good cheer!
What?
What, will my daughter be a good musician?
What, will my mother come?
What, will you have them weep our horses' blood?
What, will you murder me?—You jailer, you, I’m your prisoner.
What, won’t you suffer me?
What, will you walk with me around the town and then go to my inn and dine with me?
What, will you go go to my face, being forbidden?
Do you want to hear some music, my sweet love?
Do you want to wash him out of his grave with tears?
What, with Lysander?
What, with my tongue in your tail?
What, with the case of eyes?
What, with worms and flies?
What, worse and worse?—With permission, Bassanio, I’m half yourself, and I have to have the half of everything that this paper brings you.
What, would you make me mad?
What, would you have a serpent sting you twice?
What, would you have me go and beg my food, or do you want to force a thiev on the common road with a sword and a base?
You look merrily.
What, you mean my face?
What!
What?
What?
What’s a drunken man like, fool?
What’s Antony?
What’s done is done.
What else do you have to say?—Lepidus, keep these quicksands away, because you sink.
Who’s going out of the door now?
Who’s talking for Edmund, Earl of Gloucester?
Who was born from a woman?
Who wants that?
What’s he?
What’s he?
What’s her name?
What’s this?
What’s his fault?
What’s his offense?
What’s she?
What’s that good for?
What’s that to you?
What’s that, please?
What’s that, my lord?
What’s that?
What’s that?
What’s the boy Malcolm?
What’s the disease he’s talking about?
What’s the matter here?
What’s the matter that you’re reliant on your reputation and spend your rich opinion on the name of a night-brawler?
What’s the matter with you now?
What’s the matter, dear?
What’s the matter, lieutenant?
What’s the matter, do you think?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
What’s the news with you?
What’s the news?
What’s the noise?
What’s the wager?
What’s this for?
What’s this to my Lysander?
What’s this?
What’s this?
What’s your name?
What’s your passion?
What’s your pleasure?
What’s going on?
What’s going on?
What’s to say?
What will you do to your grace?
What’s your pleasure?
What’s your highness’s pleasure?
What’s your name, friend?
What’s your name?
What do you want, sir?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
Thank you, for your good advice.
What’s going on from me is a soldier’s kiss.
When the god sleeps, he’ll rob his bottle.
When it was a little bit of a prating thing.—Oh, there’s a nobleman in town, one Paris, who would fain lay knife on the ship, but she, good soul, had
When a wise man gives you better advice, give me my advice again.
When everything’s done, you’ll only look on a stool.
When and where and how we met, we wooed and made exchange of vows, I’ll tell you as soon as we pass, but please: you agree to marry us today.
When are you married, madam?
When beggars die there are no comets seen.
When you’re not at your house to find out, the Senate has sent about three different guests to search you.
When Biondello comes, he’s waiting on you, but I’ll charm him first to keep his tongue.
When Caesar lived, he wouldn’t have moved me like that.
When Caesar says “do this,” it’s performed.
When did you get this?
When’s that another?
When could they say that he talked about Rome, that his long walks included only one man?
When devils will put on the blackest sins, they’ll suggest at first with heavenly shows like I do now.
When did I see you put down so badly?
When did she send you?
When did you sleep when such a deed was done?
When one or two men are in their hands and they’re unwashed too, it’s a foul thing.
When did I hurt you?
When he came back to himself, he said, if he had done or said anything wrong, he wanted their worships to think it was his infirmity.
When he is best, he’s a little worse than a man, and when he’s worst, he’s little better than a beast.
When he’s gone, I’d like to speak with you.
When he returns from hunting, I won’t speak to him.
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When holy and devout religious men are at their beads, it’s much to draw them from there, so sweet is zealous contemplation.
When I’m alone, then I’m Tranio, but in all other places, your master Lucentio.
When I’m known as a good man, you won’t grieve letting me know this.
When I came back—because this was brief— I found them close together at blow and thrust, even as they were again when you sat down.
When I come where he calls, he’s gone.
When I want their permission to pity him, they took my own house from me, charged me with pain because they didn’t want to speak of him, say no way to support him.
When I freed you, don’t you want to do this when I baded you?
When I name him, let it be your job to praise him more than any man deserves.
When I’ve plucked your rose, I can’t give it a vital growth back again, and it must have gotten worse.
When I know the gentleman, I’ll tell him what you’re saying.
When I like your favor, because God defend the lute should be like the case!
When I presented Ceres, I thought I’d tell you about it, but I feared I’d be tempted to anger you.
When I said that, I was too ill-tempered.
When I think, I have to speak.
When I told you my state was nothing, I would have told you that I was worse than nothing, because I’ve actually engaged myself to a dear friend, and engaged my friend to his enemy to feed me.
When I was with him, I heard him swear to Tubal and Chus, his countrymen, that Antonio would rather have his flesh than twenty times the sum he owed him.
When I wore it at your daughter’s wedding?
When it came to pass, Titania woke up and sat straight away in love with an ass.
When is the royal day?
When it comes to you where this begins, turn your dissatisfaction into a way, because our faults can never be as equal as your love can be.
When it comes to the fool or the coward.
When it’s lighted, come and call me here.
When it’s paid according to the tenor.
When it’s paid, bring your true friend along.
Jacob grazed his uncle Laban’s sheep when Jacob grazed— Jacob from our holy Abram was, as his wise mother wrought in his behalf, the third possessor, yes, he was the third
When I was last at Exeter, the mayor showed me the castle and called it Rougemont, which I started to name, because a bard of Ireland told me I should not live long after I saw Richmond.
When my tongue blabs, then let my eyes not see.
When Nature has made a fair creature, can’t she fall into the fire by Fortune?
When we’re not doing anything, our fears make us traitors.
When Prospero is destroyed.
When Roscius was an actor in Rome— The actors are coming here, my lord.
When did you see my father last time?
When will he come?
When should we come to the top of that hill?
When will we three meet again?
When did I say such a word?
When the poor have cried, Caesar has wept.
When that’s gone, he’ll drink naughty brine, because I won’t show him where the quick freshness is.
When the butt is out, we’ll drink water.
When the mind is free, the body’s delicate.
When the moon shone, we didn’t see the candle.
When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
When these prodigies meet together, don’t say, “These are their reasons.
When they’re gone, then I have to count my gains.
When they’re in danger, I’ll recover them.
When they choose, they have the wisdom to lose.
When they see Caesar’s face, they’re gone.
When they don’t give a must to relieve a lame beggar, they’ll lay out ten to see a dead Indian.
When do you think the sword is going up again?
When I give this advice and give it to you, Probal to think about the way to win the Moor again?
When this burns, weep for having worn you.
When you ask me to give me blessing, I’ll kneel down and ask you forgiveness.
When you were once beaten from Modena, where you slew Hirtius and Pansa, consuls, followed famine at your heel, whom you fought against, even though you were
When you wake up, if she’s coming, go ahead and ask for help.
When the time comes, let the herald cry, and I’ll appear again.
When a man is a good man, he eats the sword it fights with.
When was she last walking?
When we’re born, we cry that we’re coming to this great stage of fools.
When we’ve matched our rackets to these balls, we’ll play a set in France, by God’s grace, that will strike his father’s crown into the danger.
When we see our betters bear our sorrows, we don’t think our misfortunes are our foes.
When we meet at compt, this look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven and fiends will snatch it.
When did it go there by an age, since the great flood, but it was famous with more than one man?
When were you going to be so full of songs, sir?
When were you going to use my sister like that?
When will he be here?
When you’re gentle, you’ll have one too, and not until then.
When you’ve spoken, enter that brake.—And so everyone will be able to obey his cue.
When you want to play the thieves for wives, I’ll watch as long as you want.
When you sued for staying, it was time for words.
When you take occasions to see leeks later, please, mock them, that’s all.
When, without a slur, but in a slur and even a battle, was ever so much and little loss on the one and the other part?
When?
Where are you, sir?
When did you come, sir?
When are you coming?
When is that knocking?
Where am I?
Where are America, the Indies?
Where are his eyes?
Where are the vile men who are starting this fight?
Where are these hearts?
Where are they?
Where are your two sons?
Where are you now?
Where are you, Death?
Where are you, keeper?
Where are you, Pindarus?
Where are you, proud Demetrius?
Where are the sacred waterways you should fill with sorrowful water?
Where are these bloody thieves?
Where are these knaves?
Where are your brothers?
Where are your tenants and your followers?
Where did I leave?
Where did you die?
Where did you leave him?
Where did she die?
Where do I live?
Where do you live?
Where are you hiding your head?
Where are you, pretty young man?
Where’s Cesario going?
Where did you look like a goose?
Where did he drink?
Where have you been, my heart?
Where have you been, sister?
Where have you sent the king?
Where have I been?
Where have I been?
Where have you hid yourself?
Where are you?
Where he arrives, he’s bringing all his hearts against us.
Where I’ve come, great clerks have said they’d greet me with premeditated welcomes, where I saw them shiver and look pale, make periods in the middle of sentences, and throttle their
I’ve learned to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your begests, and I’ve been told by the holy Lawrence to fall prostrate here to beg your pardon.
Where’s Antony?
Where’s Duncan’s body?
Where are gentle Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he going?
Where is he now?
Where is he now?
Where is he, in his bed?
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is kind Hastings?
Where is Lucentio?
Where are Lysander and fair Hermia?
Where’s Malvolio?
Where is Metellus Cimber?
Where is Montjoy the herald?
Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury?
Where is my lady?
Where is Gloucester?
Where is my lord the duke of Gloucester?
Where is my lord?
Where is my love?
Where is my love?
Where is my mother?
Where is my page?—Go, villain, get a surgeon.
Where is my Romeo?
Where is my wife?
Where is our usual manager of sex?
Where is she now?—What, will these hands never be clean?—No more than that, my lord, no more than that.
Where is she?
Where is that damned villain Tranio, who faced and braved me in this matter?
Where is that viper?
Where is the beauteous majesty of Denmark?
Where’s the evidence that accuses me?
Where is the man?
Where is the foolish knave I sent before?
Where is the gold I gave you?
Where is the horse who tries to scold him again with the unbated fire he pushed them first?
Where is the king?
Where is the Master, Boatswain?
Where is the number of our English dead?
Where is the rascal cook?
Where are the thousand marks you had of me?
Where’s the villain, Edmund?
Where is this rash and unfortunate man?
Where is this sight?
Where’s your husband now?
Where is your instrument?
Where are your leather apron and your rule?
Where’s your luster now?
Where is your master, Dromio?
Where is your power to beat him back?
Where is your husband?
Where is your servant Caius?
Where are your sister and Hortensio’s wife?
Where it seems to you that you’re the best royal.
Where did you learn this, Fool?
Where did we leave last?
Where is he?
Where is your text?
Where is he sleeping?
Where can we put our horses?
Where is he still?
Where are you running so fast?
Where should we eat?—Oh, I’m!
Where should we go?
Where will we meet in the morning?
Where should I lose that handkerchief, Emilia?
Where should Othello go?—Now, how are you looking now?
Where should she be?
Where should they be set and other things?
Where souls sleep on flowers, we’ll hand in hand, and with our sprightly port, we’ll see the ghosts.
Where the devil should he learn our language?
Where the devil should Romeo be?
Where is the place?
Where they feared the death, they have borne their life away, and where they would be safe, they perish.
The air is delicate, I’ve seen.
Where virtue is, these are more virtuous.
Where was she born?
Where we are, men’s smiles are filled with daggers.
Where we lay, our chimneys were blown down and, as they say, lamentings heard in the air, strange screams of death, and prophesied with accents terrible of dire combustion and confused events
Where will the old duke live?
Where will you lead me?
Where pine stands, I’ll find everything.
Where, my lord?
Where, Messala, is his body?
Where, where?
Where?
Where’s Antonio, then?
Where’s Antony?
Where’s Dolabella, to second Proculeius?
Where’s Monsieur Cobweb?
Where’s Monsieur Mustardseed?
Where’s my cousin Toby?
Where’s my fool, ho?
Where’s my knave, my fool?—Go and call my fool here.
Where’s my son Edmund?
Where’s Peaseblossom?
Where’s Potpan, that he doesn’t help take away?
Where’s Publius?
Where’s Romeo?
Where’s the satisfaction?
Where’s Seleucus?
Where’s that mongrel?
Where’s the cook?
Where’s the king?
Where’s the Master?
Where’s the Queen?
Where’s your conscience now?
Where’s your drum?
Where’s your father?
Whereas grieved—that his sickness, age, and impotence were falsely borne in hand—he’s sending out arrests on Fortinbras, which he obeys in brief, receives 
Where’s a story hanging, sir?
Why are these things hiding?
Why are you Romeo?
Why didn’t they destroy us at that hour?
Why did you do that?
Why are you coming?
Why are these gifts a curtain on them?
Why?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you so happy?
Why are you sinking down?
Why is he speaking about this to her he hates?
Why are you so angry?
Why are you looking so gloomy?
Why are you going here?
Why Dover?
Why Dover?
Why did that cry?
Why do you cry then?
Why are you crying?
Why, bold peasant, do you support a published traitor?
Why, sweetheart?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why are you making this noise?
Where has Caesar deserved your love?
The toged consuls can propose as masterly as he is.
Where we saw you quietly interred, he oped his ponderous and marble jaws to cast you up again.
Where did he go?
Where did I offended you, my friends?
Wherever I beg you, grant me this, to leave me to myself only a little.
In Norway, overcome with joy,
I don’t know whether he was a king of Norway or a rebel of Norway, or that he fought both sides in the wrack of his country, I don’t know.
I won’t swear if this is or not.
Which are the malefactors?
If you’re not sure what you’re saying, you’ll be able to weigh what you’re worth embracing.
Which dreams are indeed ambition, because the essence of the ambitious is just the shadow of a dream.
Which else would be shame, that would be a sex act.
He’ll put on us as pigeons feed their young.
I think it’s a fool or a cipher.
Which in his most precious need will fly from him.
Which one of you killed the deer?
Which one?
Which one is Sebastian?
Which one of you is that adversary?
Which is the lady I must marry?
Which one of you is the villain?
Which of them will I take?
Which one of these is he?
Which of these sorrows is he suffering?
Which of you doesn’t tremble with me?
Which of you two had dinner with me today?
Which of you—if you were a prince’s son, you were freed from liberty, as I am now—if two such murderers as you came to you, wouldn’t you want to live?
That she will buy with a long-lasting war.
He gave it soon, because he was a obstructing his lust and his lust.
They’ll make you obedient father.
Which way did you go?
Which way did he kill Mercutio?
When I saw the rehearse, I must confess, I made my eyes water—but more merry tears never shed the passion of loud laughter.
While I’m saying grace, I’ll hood my eyes with my hat and sigh and say “Amen”— Use all the respect of civility, like one well studied man in a sad omen
While he was still in Rome, his power was out of control, as if he had snorted all spies.
While one who’s hurrying might tell a hundred.
While the armowed hand fights abroad, the advised head defends itself at home.
Until then, God be with you!
While we’re here, a royal battle might be won and lost.
While we were fighting, we fought on both sides, until the Prince came, who parted either of them.
I’m afraid he’s alive.
While we stood here to secure your repose, even now we heard a hollow burst of bellowing like bulls, or rather lions.
While he stood up and spoke, he was my master, and I wore my life to spend on his haters.
While you were here, you were overwhelmed with your grief—a passion that led to such a man being a great man— Cassio came here.
Whip him up, fellows, until you see him cringe his face and whine for mercy.
Whip him.
Whip me such honest knaves.
Whip me, your devils, from the possession of this heavenly sight!
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula walk in the orchard, and our entire discourse is about her.
What’s he doing there?
Where am I going?
Where are they going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Then, before you arrived here, Old Siward, with ten thousand war-like men, was already at a point.
Where is he going?
Where should I go?
Where should they come?
Where are you going?
Where will you go to answer this question?
Where are you, my lord?—Cesario, husband, stay.
Where?
Who suffers alone, suffers most, leaving free things behind and happy shows behind.
Who am I, sir?
Who ambles time with him?
Who are the late commissioners?
Who are they?
Who are you?
Who bared my letter to Romeo?
Who asked you to call me?
Who brought it?
Who brought it?
Who’s chasing his hopes of good looks lives like a drunken sailor on a mast, ready with every nod to tumble down into the deep.
Who’s calling so loud?
Who’s calling me?
Who’s calling me?
Who’s calling me?
Who can arraign me for it?
Who can be wise, amazed, temp'rate, furious, loyal and neutral in a moment?
Who can blot that name with any just reproach?
Who can come in and say I mean her, when such a person as she is her neighbor?
Who can control his fate?
Who can impress the forest and ask the tree to remove his earthbound root?
Who can’t imagine how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father?
Who chooses me must give and risk all he has.” Must give—for what?
Who chooses me must give and hazard all he has.” You’ll look more fair when I give or hazard.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.” “As much as he deserves!”—Go back there, Morocco, and weigh your value with a fair hand.
Who chooses me will get as much as he deserves.” And well said too—who will go about to be a sane man and be honorable without the stamp of merit?
I’ll assume I’m deserted.—Give me a key for this, and instantly unlock my fortunes here.
Who chooses me will have as much as he deserves”!
Who’s coming?
Who’s coming?
Who’s coming?
Who’s coming?
Who’s coming?
Who’s coming so fast in the silence of the night?
Who’s coming with her?
Who’s coming with him?
Who could be out, being in front of his beloved mistress?
Who could refrain from a man who had a heart to love, and who could be a good man to make the love known?
Who’s dead?
Who did strike the light?
Who’s guiling you?
Who did you wrong?
Who is he accusing?
Who does more in war than his captain can become his captain’s captain; and ambition, the soldier’s virtue, rather than loses.
Who does this mean?
Who’s he scolding?
Who else should be?
Who ever knew the heavens were so dangerous?
Who’s going there, ha?
Who’s going to govern here?
Who did this, Sir Andrew?
Who left behind him general?
Who’s made this havoc with them?
Who measured the ground?
Who has relieved you?
Who sent you now?
Who heard me say I’m wrong?
Who’s stopping my expedition?
Who’s calling me?
Who can tell me?
Who’s crying?
Who’s behind you?
Who are you talking about?
Who is the conductor of his people?
Who is here so far that he wants to be a bondman?
Who is here so rude that he doesn’t want to be a Roman?
Who is here so vile that he won’t love his country?
Who’s calling on me in the press?
Who can tell me who I am?
Who complains to the king that I am stern and don’t love them?
Who is it?
Who’s most inward with the noble duke?
Who’s next?
Who is so gross that he can’t see this palpable device?
Who’s calling so coldly?
Who’s keeping her company?
Who’s knocking so hard?
Who knows he is?
Who knows if Donalbain is with his brother?
Who doesn’t know he’s dead!
Who doesn’t know that the gentle duke is dead?
Who doesn’t know that?
Who doesn’t know where a wasp is wearing his sting?
Who knows the Lord Protector’s mind herein?
Who’s in the second chamber?
Who’s holding them?
Who’s this?
Who must hang them?
Who owes the price of his dear blood now?
Who of my people are waiting for him?
Who offered him the crown?
Who’s coming from a feast with the appetite he’s sitting down?
Who saw Cesario?
Who sent you here?
Who are you?
Who will stop me from them?
Who should start?
Who will stay you?
Who’s still waiting for it?
Who steals my purse steals trash.
Who stocked my servant?
Who sued me for him?
Who’s talking about my nation?
Who’s there talking?
Who will blame his sane senses for recoiling and starting, when all that is inside him condemns himself for being there?
Who came here?
Who was it?
Who was last with them?
Who will go with me?
Who would be jealous of such a man?
Who would be able to bear the burden of a weary life, to grunt and sweat, but that the dread of something after death, the undiscovered country from which no traveler returns, puzzles the will
Who wouldn’t have his wife like that?
Who do you want?
Who’s wrong with him?
I might say “element,” but the word is overworn.
Who, he?
Who, Hero?
Who, my lord?
Who, I?
Who, who’s already angry with his insolence, will give their good thoughts to him.
Who, Sir Andrew Aguecheek?
Who?
Who?
Who’s born that day when I forget to send Antony will die a beggar.
Who’s gone this morning?
Who’s this?
Who’s his lieutenant, can you hear him?
Who’s the one who rings the bell?—Diablo, ho!
Who’s that?
Who’s there, out of the rain?
Who’s there, in the other devil’s name?
Who’s there?
Who’s there?
Who’s there?
Who’s inside?
If he is the one who has slain your daughter and you of her, you’ll read the bloody law book in the bitter letter, after your own sense, you know, even though our son Stood was
If you’re the man who had a wife called Emilia once, who bore you two fair sons.
Whom should I knock?
Whom you swore to cherish and defend.
Whoever hand opened their tender hearts so quickly, your head, all indirectly, gave direction.
Whose house?
Whose noise is this that is causing murder?
Whose tongue?
Why “with some little train,” my Lord of Buckingham?
Why are you appearing with this ridiculous boldness before my lady?
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth, unsuited to toil and trouble in the world, but that our soft conditions and our hearts should be well aligned with our external parts?
Why are you getting drawn?
Why are you getting so rude?
Why are you still?
Why are you virtuous?
Why are you angry?
Why are you here, come from the farthest step of India?
Why do you ask this?
Why are you asking?
Why are you calling me “love”?
Why did I come here to do that?
Why didn’t the slave come back to me when I called him?
Why are you coming?
Why did he do that?
Why did you bring these daggers out of the place?
Why did you laugh when I said “man doesn’t delight me”?
Why did you cry out in your sleep, sirs?
Why did you do that?
Why did you send me out, brave Cassius?
Why do people love you?
Why are they running away?
Why do we wrap the gentleman in our rawer breath?
Why are you crossing me in this sane situation?
Why do you dress me in borrowed robes?
Why are you infecting yourself with them?
Why do you make such faces?
Why are you sending so much?
Why are you talking so faintly?
Why are you talking so rashly and a bit scolding?
Why are you talking to me?
Why do you say, too, “Why do you blame me for love you?”?
Why are you staying so long, my lords of France?
Why is the world reporting that Kate is limping?
Why do you ask?
Why are you calling him “knave”?
Why are you lashing that whore?
Why are you leading these men around the streets?
Why don’t you go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto?
Why are you spiting at me?
Why are you waiting?
Why are you using me like that?
Why are you wringing your hands?
Why aren’t our eyes sink then?
Why is the Jew paused?
Why were you always lovely in my eyes?
Why are the branches growing when the root is gone?
Why wouldn’t I have smirked a beggar’s issue at my gates, who, smirchended so, and mired in a famy, I could have said, “
Why did I have one?
Why have you sung me to this green green?
Why have you left the room?
Why have you stolen on us like this?
Why is he more than another?
Why I shouldn’t fear myself, since I don’t know what guilt I’m doing.
Why did you leave your wife and child, those precious motives, those strong knots of love, without leaving?
Why is my lord angry about his love?
Why is this “impawned”?
Why are you saying that?
Why is time such a naughty nut of hair, as plentiful as it is?
Why is your cheek so pale?
Why should it strike?
Why are you looking pale?
Why are you looking strange on me?
Why are you so sane today?
Why can’t imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander until he finds it stopping a bunghole?
Why wouldn’t you, my lord, be able to attend from those who she calls servants, or from mine?
No, boy.
No, no more than reason.
Why not, my lord?
Why did you think about it, Iago?
Why are you going to self-assess and not answer me?
Why are you scolding your birth, the heavens, and the earth?
Why Romeo, are you crazy?
Why are you looking for me?
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should he call her “whore”?
Why should he follow him?
Why shouldn’t he?
Why should he stay, whom love wants to go?
Why shouldn’t I?
Why shouldn’t we be there in person?
Why should she write to Edmund?
Why should that name be sounded more than yours?
Why should the poor be flattered?
Why should their freedom be more than ours?
Why should Titania cross her Oberon?
Why should you fall into such a deep hole?
Why do you think I should be wooing in a bad way?
Why is that cauldron sinking?
Why are you asking so seriously to write that letter?
Why so, being gone, why so, being gone, I’m a man again.
Why?—Yes, that’s the way it’s going.
Why are they sweating under the burdens?
That’s because you’re watching, and it’ll go away again.
Why the devil came you between us?
Why the King of France is suddenly gone back know you’re wrong?
Why the wrong is only a wrong in the world, and having the world for your work is a wrong in your own world, and you might make it right quickly.
So I think Cassio’s an honest man.
Well then, it’s good to be a post.
Why then, alas, do I put up that womanly defense to say I’ve done nothing wrong?
Well then, can one want too much of a good thing?—Come, sister, you’ll be the priest and marry us.—Give me your hand, Orlando.—What do you say, sister?
Well then, God forgive me.
Well then, God’s soldier will be him!
Well then, good night.
Well, then, he’s alive.
So lead on.
So let’s fall in your horrible pleasure.
Well then, my cousin Margaret, and Ursula are very wrong, because they swear you did.
So, tell me whether you want to or not.
Then let the beef rest and let the mustard rest.
Then the devil will give him good advice!
Well then, the mustard without the beef.
Well then, you have it.
Well then, it’s the same: you have to prepare your sleeve for his knife.
Well then, you silver treasure house.
Well then, we’re awake.
Well then, you’re in love.
Well then, your ambition makes it one of them.
Well, then, your other senses are getting irritated by your eyes.
Well then, your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived.
Why, loss upon loss!
Why will my lord do that?
Why will you bring her up, Signior Baptista, for this sin of hell and make her bear the penance of her tongue?
Why don’t you get the leaves that want their sap?
Why would you be so fond of beating the bonny prizer of the humorous duke?
After I cut the egg in the middle and eat it up, the two crowns of the egg are ruined.
Why,
Why, am I not right, old Jephthah?
It’s a cockle or a walnut shell, a knack, a toy, a trick, a baby’s cap.
Why, it’s good to be sad and say nothing.
It’s not possible.
Why, “some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrown upon them.” I was one, sir, in this interlude, one Sir Topas, sir, but that’s all
What a horse!
Why, all our ranks are broken.
All these are in the moon.—But silence!
Why, and I hope I can go too, can’t I?
Antony.
No, anything.
Why, are you crazy, old fellow?
Oh, I’m a woodcock to my own springe.
I told you that he’s a custom to sleep in the afternoon.
She’s at her father’s.
Yes.
Why, because he was insane.
Why, Belman is as good as he is, my lord.
Hey, bride!
But many men have more hair than wit.
But you’re well enough now.
Why, by making him uncapable of Othello’s place, knocking out his brains.
Why, don’t your courtier’s hands sweat?
Why, doesn’t every thing on earth cry shame on her?
Why, Dromio?
Every day, tomorrow.
Goodbye, King.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Portia.
Why, Fool?
Well, for that too.
Well, for that too.
Friends, you’re going to do you don’t know what.
You won’t see anything like that, sweetheart.
Go away!
Give it to my wife and get your money.
Gloucester, Gloucester, I’d like to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.
Go to bed and sleep.
Well, then.
God will send more people, if he’s thankful.
Why, good sir?
He drinks you with a drink of a sour drink, your Dane dead drunk, and he doesn’t sweat to overthrow your Almain.
He didn’t have any.
Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.
He’s the Prince’s fool, a very dull fool, and his gift is to create impossible slanders.
Why, he’ll never wake up until the great Judgment Day.
Why, the man who cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death.
He was greeted as mad as the vexed sea, singing loudly, crowned with weeds and fumiters, with burdocks, hemlocks, nettles, cuckoo
Why, he’s a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Why, the king’s freedom is slashed with sorrow.
Here begins his morning story.
Here he comes, swelling like a turkey-cock.
Here’s the note of the fashion to testify.
Why, here’s no crab, and therefore don’t look sour.
Why, horns, which you’re faking to beholding to your wives for.
What’s going on, Adam?
What’s going on, Charmian?
Why, how are you sad now, count?
What’s going on, cousin?
What’s going on, daughter Katherine?
What’s going on, Dromio?
Hecate!
What’s going on, Juliet?
What’s going on, Kate?
What’s going on, monsieur?
Why, how are you, Stephano?
What’s going on?
Why, how should she be murdered?
Well, I’m glad about it.
I’m sorry for you, gentle Silvius.
I’m sure if he loses his flesh, you won’t take it.
Why, I can buy twenty at any market.
I haven’t eaten anything yet.
Why, please, isn’t “pig” great?
Why, please?
I didn’t say anything.
I think so.
Well, then, I’ll see you at Philippi.
I think she’s too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise.
If you never was at court, you never saw good manners.
If two gods could play some heavenly match and put on the wager two earthly women, Portia one, there must be something else to be done with the other, because the poor poor world doesn’t have her fellow.
Well, right away.
Why, isn’t it news to hear about Petruchio’s coming?
Why, isn’t this better now than groaning for love?
It’s as transparent as barricadoes, and the clerestories toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony.
Well, it stood by her.
Why, do you know any harm is intended for him?
Why, lady!
Let her go, before she’s gone.
Look, how you storm!
Love, I say.
Why, madam, have I offered love for this, to be so slanderous in this royal presence?
If I were your father’s dog, you wouldn’t use me like that.
He’s a man who’s a bit like a Colossus, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep around to find our unhonorable graves.
He’s a very devil.
Well, man, I saw Bassanio under sail.
They did make love for this job, man.
What’s the matter, man?
Why, man?
Why, man?
Why, can I ask?
Oh, my master, my lord, I’m sure he’s insane.
Why, my boy?
Why, my young cousin?
No, sir.
No.
Now I see you’re getting a better opinion than ever before.
Now, she can marry us as fast as she can.
Now, blow wind, swell billow, and swim bark!
Why, one who swears and lies.
Why, or what, the nobles were committed is not my fault, my gracious lord.
Why, our battalia trebles that.
You’re right, you’re right.
Rosalind!
Why, don’t you see me?
Why, should we turn to men?
Why, she’s not borrowing anything from them.
Why, she defies me like a Turk to a Christian.
She has a face like her own.
She’s inside.
Why, she was dead when you were born.
She would hang on him like if it had grown by what it fed on, and yet within a month— Don’t think about it.
You’re a carpenter, sir.
Why, sir, cobble you.
Why, sir, give the gods a thankful sacrifice.
Why, sir, he doesn’t come.
Why, sir, her name’s a word, and to dally that word might make my sister want to be a bit more sane.
I’ve brought you a word an hour ago that the bark of the fellow is distracting, and so am I, and here we wander in illusions.
Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.
I hope I have the right to speak, and I will.
Why, sir, what’s your opinion about that?
You don’t know any house, no such maid, no such men as you’ve guessed, as Stephen Sly and old John Naps of Greece, Peter Turph and Henry Pimpernell, and twenty
You know that this is your wedding day.
Why, so did you.
He’ll do that when he delivers you from this earth’s throne to the joys of heaven.
I did, but I didn’t look for a reply.
Well, I did.
I do.
Well, that’s true.
Well, that’s true.
Why, stay and hear me speak.
Why, love is transgressing.
Oh, Othello— I haven’t deserved this.
Why, tell me, isn’t this my Cambio?
That’s what he did—I don’t know what he did.
That’s nothing.
That pale, hard-hearted wench, Rosaline, Torture him so much that he’ll run insane.
Why, that the Moor gave to Desdemona, something you asked me to steal so often.
That was him.
That’s a slander.
That’s all one thing.
That’s my dainty Ariel.
That’s what’s spoken like an honest drover.
That’s the way to fool their preparations and conquer their absurd intentions.
The end is he’s lost a ship.
The enemy is loud.
The honest men.
Why, the hot-blooded France who took our youngest born without a doubt—I could as well be brought to kneel his throne and, squirely, beg to keep a base life
The night has passed.
Well, then it’s time to arm and give direction.
Well, then, All Souls’ Day is my body’s doomsday.
Well, then he’ll say we stabbed him asleep.
Well, then let’s go home again.
Well, then Othello and Desdemona return to Venice.
Why, then you can’t break her to the lute?
Well, then you have to.
Well, then, it’s no good to you, because there’s nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
So, then, build me your fortunes on the basis of my valor.
Well then, I don’t care about you.
So let them go alone until they’re sober.
Well, then, some people are laughing, as he is!
So don’t take note of him, but let him go and call the rest of the watch together and thank God you’ve been rid of a knave.
So, why, then, tomorrow I won’t serve you as Rosalind?
Well then, tomorrow night, or Tuesday morning.
So we kill all our women.
Well, then!
There was a crown offered to him, and when he offered it to him, he put it by the back of his hand, so the people fell asleep.
Oh, there, there, there, there!
There’s more gold.
There’s no remedy.
So fire, because I’ve caught extreme cold.
Why, this man has banished two of his daughters and gave the third a blessing against his will.
This is a more exquisite song than the other one.
Why, this is an arrant fake rascal.
Well, this is evident to any formal capacity.
That’s excellent.
This is not a good idea, it’s as if I’d wear your gloves, or feed on nourishing dishes, or keep you warm, or sue you to do a peculiar profit to your own person.
Why, this is not Lear.
Why, this is when men are ruled by women.
Why, I’m talking about this.
Well, this was molded on a pornogger!
That would make a man a man of salt, to use his eyes to make garden water-pots, and to lay autumn’s dust.
It’s a big chance for him and you, your noble, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.
Why, you sat down with hairy men who were a fool.
Why, you’ve put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him, he’ll run crazy.
Why, you peeveish sheep, what ship of Epidamnum is waiting for me?
Why, you say that’s true.
Well, you’re right.
Why, you silly gentleman!
Why, your godhead laid apart, are you a woman?
You’re a foot, and I’m so long, at least.
Why, to keep one’s eyes on either side of the nose so that he can’t smell anything, he can spy on.
Why, put your head in—not give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case.
Yes, he’s going to make you a puppet.
Oh, uncle, it’s a shame.
Well then, very well.
We’re still sane about our ewes, and their fells, you know, are greasy.
We have galls, and even though we have some grace, we have some revenge.
Well, we’ll make him crazy.
Well, well.
What a king this is!
What a monstrous fellow you are, to be a man who doesn’t know you or knows you!
What an ass I am!
What an intricate impeach this is!
What are you doing?
What can you tell me, my boy?
What did I do?
Why, what effects of passion are she showing?
What else?
What do you call this devil’s name, tailor?
What’s that to you?
Why, what’s Tybalt?
What are you doing here?
Why, what’s the fear?
What do you want to fear?
What do you want?
Why, what are you going to do there before I go?
What do you want?
What’s a moveable thing?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter?
Why, why do you ask this?
Why, where will we go?
Why, why, Adam, would you want me to go?
Why, who wouldn’t make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch?
Why, whose name is it?
Why, why is this?
Why, wouldn’t you?
Why, would that have ruined my hair?
You didn’t give me any gold!
You haven’t heard that yet.
You’re speaking like a quiet, ancient watchman, because I can’t see how sleeping should offend me.
You’re telling the truth.
Why, you were with him, didn’t you?
Why, your lieutenant, Cassio?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Widow Dido” said you?
Wife, children, servants, all that could be found.
Wife!
Will you like what’s here?
Will your highness walk?
Will your Honor enjoy these conserved goods?
Will you be a good man to wash your hands?
Will Caesar speak?
Will either of you challenge him?
Will he bring his power?
Will he tell us what this show meant?
Will it ever be like that?
Will it eat me?
Will it give place to bending and bending?
Will it never be day?
Will it never be morning?
Willn’t we see that when we’ve marked with blood those two sleepy men in his own chamber and used their daggers to do it?
Willn’t it be?
Will money buy them?
Willn’t he?
Willn’t King Richard let me speak with him?
Willn’t the ladies be afealed by the lion?
Willn’t the mayor and his brethren come then?
Will she go to bed now?
Willn’t they say that if they grow up to a common audience (as it’s most like if their means aren’t better), their writers do them wrong to make them claim against their own succession?
Will they not sing the same thing as you can?
Will you be married, scold?
Will you be patient?
Will you come here?
Will you come to bed, my lord?
Will you deny me now?
Will you be dining with me tomorrow?
Will you send us here under this tree, or will we go with you to your chapel?
Will you force me to a world of cares?
Will you give her a new one?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or else will I?—What’s this?
Will you go hear this news, Signior?
Will you go hunt, my lord?
Will you go see the course?
Will you go to them?
Will you go with me?
Will you go, coz?
Will you go, sister?—Shepherd, ply her hard.
Will you go?
Will you go?
Will you grant me that Ferdinand was drowned?
Will you have her?
Will you have me, lady?
Will you have some more sauce to eat?
Will you hear it again?
Will you hear me, Roderigo?
Will you hear the letter?
Will you help me?—An ass-head, a coxcomb, and a knave, a thin-faced knave, a gull!
Will you hoist sail, sir?
Will you know them then?
Will you lead, lords?
Will you let it fall?
Do you want to mock an ancient tradition that began with honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of valor, and don’t dare avouch in your actions any of your words?
Don’t you tell me who told you that?
Will you play this pipe?
Will you please me?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears?
Will you shog off?
Will you speak well about the man who killed your cousin?
Will you stay for a while?
Will you go there?
Will you sup with me tonight, Casca?
Will you tell me that?
Will you think so?
Will you go to Scone?
Will you two help them get ready?
Will you walk in to see their gossiping?
Will you walk towards him?
Will you walk, sir?—O Desdemona— My lord?
Will you come back?
Will you surrender and avoid this, or be so destroyed, guilty in defense?
Will you ask the demi-devil why he has ensnared my soul and body?
Will you command me any service to the end of the world?
William, sir.
Will I break my heart?
Will I come?
Do you want to meet me at Ninny’s tomb straight away?
Are you going?
Will you be the king of the whole world?
Would you be pleased to hear again the suit I made to you?
Do you want to change fathers?
Will you destroy him then?
Will you go to bed, Malvolio?
Do you want to have me?
Do you want to have music?
Do you know what I wrote?
Will you give me the hand, villain?
Will you lift Olympus up?
Do you think trust is a fraud?
Don’t you answer me, man?
I’m praying you, Nurse, say I.
Do you want to provoke me?
Are you going to rest and be damned?
Do you want to put your foot on my neck?
Do you want to show your wits in a moment?
Do you want them to help you?
Do you want to fly from such gentle lambs and throw them in the wolf’s entrails?
Do you want to, Silvius?
Do you want to, Strato?
Win me and wear me!
I loved wine, and I diced dearly, and a woman outprettyly spoiled the Turk.
Winter clothes must be lined, and slender Rosalind must be lined.
Wipe your eyes.
Wisdom and goodness seem to be vile.
Wisdom!
Be wise and slow.
I won’t betray you while I’m king of this country.
I’ll gossip at this feast with all my heart.
I’m very happy to hear him so much.
With all my heart, and it’s great to see you’re so penitent.—Tressel and Berkeley, go with me.
With all my heart, good young man.
With all my heart, you can get a wife.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.
With all my heart.—Some three or four of you go give him courteous conduct to this place.—In the meantime, the court will hear Bellario’s letter.
With a green eye in it.
With anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, not with love.
With another, for tying his new shoes with old ribbon?
With any strong or vehement importunity.
The eldest of the three wrestled with Charles, the duke’s wrestler, which Charles threw him in a moment and broke three of his ribs, said he has little hope of life in him
With Cassio, my mistress.
I beg the ancient privilege of Athens, my gracious duke, if she doesn’t want to marry Demetrius, I beg her to be a good man.
With Demetrius.
I’m drinking healthily to my niece.
We follow you with our duty and desire.
With good acceptance of his Majesty—Seven years ago, I didn’t have time to hear the passages of his true titles to some certain dukedoms, and generally to the crown and seat of France, which were
With her, on her, what you want.
I sent the queen with him, my reason for that, and they’re ready tomorrow or at the next stage where you’ll be sitting.
Gratiano has gone with him.
With him?
He’s scolded.
With his mouth full of news.
With his own bolt, I’ve shaken the sand and spucked the pine and cedar by the spurs, and I’ve spucked up the graves at my command, and I’ve
They’re sleeping in the vacation, because they’re both asleep and not aware of how time moves.
I’m ready to endure it now.
I’m much more upset about the fight than you are.
With no truth.
The time is spent with the news, and it’s a long time to get some news.
With no less religion than if you were my Rosalind.
With no sauce to it.
I came with one fool’s head to woo, but I’ll go away with two.—Sweet, adieu.
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must.
With robbers’ hands, you shouldn’t ruffle like this.
With Rosaline, my ghostly Father?
The sweetest touches are piercing your mistress’s ear and bringing her home with music.
With the earl, sir, here inside.
With the help of a surgeon, he could recover and prove an ass.
I’m a master, and you’re a master.
With this strange virtue, he has a heavenly gift of prophecy, and sundry blessings hang around his throne, which speak to him full of grace.
I have a lot to do with this, my lord.
What’s the difference?
I mean, with what I get, and so do they.
What do you think he’s doing to tempt your love?
What, God’s name?
With who?
With whom?
Withdraw your sword, wretched Margaret.
Withdraw, my lord.
Within a month, she had left the tears in her galled eyes, and she married.
Set him in my sword, and if he escapes, Heaven forgive him too.
I’ll lay his bones in my tent tonight, like a soldier, or ordered honorably.
We have a lot of people in our archives, including those who served Mark Antony but were late, and enough to get him in.
The small flower is ripe and has medicinal power.
Within ten days, if you’re found near our court as twenty miles away as twenty miles, you die for it.
Within three days let me hear you say Cassio’s not alive.
Within two months—that’s a month before this bond expires—I expect three times the value of this bond.
Within a half hour he’ll be asleep.
Within an hour I was his servant, sir, but he, thank him, gnawed in two my cords.
Within an hour it’ll be dinnertime.
In this roof, the enemy of all your graces lives.
Within three hours Juliet will wake up.
Within a mile you can see it coming, I say, a moving grove.
I’ve heard that without contradiction.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Without you, my lord, guarded, to know what you’re doing.
She’s a witty son.
You can see that he’s invisible.
Witness, you ever burning lights above, you elements that clip us roundabout, Witness that Iago gives up his wit, hands, heart, to wronged Othello’s service.
Oh, ha, ha!
Is it your will?
I’m sorry to the hand that shed this costly blood!
Go to the land that’s governed by a child.
Oh, sorry!
We’re sorry, sir, you can’t live to wear all your true followers out.
Oh, what a terrible thing for England!
Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Women’s gentle brain couldn’t pull out such a sluggish invention, such a sluggish word that is blacker in their effect than in their countenance.
Don’t wonder or be grieved.
Don’t wonder until you’ve got a warrant.
It’s a witty thing.
Wooray fast?
Why do you want to fight?
Do you want to tear yourself?
Do you want to fight well?
Wooh, cry?
She swore to steal the token, but she loves it so much (because he conjured her to keep it forever) that she keeps it about her to kiss and talk to.
Words before blows.
Words without thoughts never go to heaven.
Words, words, words.
Work, work your thoughts, and there you go see a siege.
Oh, oh, oh!
Worse and worse!
Worse and worse.
That’s a good thing, Maecenas.
What a worthy gentleman!
Good Macbeth, we’ll stay at your leisure.
You were worthy of Montano, you were not civil.
Oh, Othello, I’m hurt to be in danger.
I know it, prince.
What are you doing, my lord?
I wish it had been done!
I wish it were done.
I wish the whole world had a chance to swear he had!
It would be good to all—but that will never happen.
Would he deny his letter, said he?
Would he have stolen from sleeping Hermia?
Wouldn’t he be a comfort to our travels?
I wish I could answer this comfort with the like.
I wish I had met my dearest enemy in heaven or ever seen that day, Horatio.
I wish I had two coxcombs and two daughters.
I wish I could see that man ever!
I wish I could never have achieved success, but I feel a grief that smuggles my heart.
I wish I could load him with his desert!
I wish I were assured of my condition.
I wish I were in a pub in London!
I wish I were satisfied!
I wish I were sleep and quiet, so I could rest.
I wish I were so too.
Would it be better, madam, than I am?
Wouldn’t it be a sad thing for a woman to be overpowered with a piece of valiant dust?
Wouldn’t it make one cry?
I wish it were day!
It would be a mortal poison for your sake.
I wish Katherine had never seen him, though!
I wish I could venge my cousin’s death.
They wouldn’t say anything?
She never gave you permission to come!
She’d be heard at my foot and the ducats in her coffin!
He’d keep his bed in a fair quarter of his love.
I wish I could do that!
I wish he were gone!
I wish the night were here!
They wish they had stayed.
They would be basilisks to strike you dead.
You and those who have fought once would have made me fight on land!
I wish you were ruled by me!
Would you buy her so you can ask for her?
Would you like to create me new?
Would you like to see more of lime and hair?
You wish you had never seen him!
Don’t you want me to be honest?
You wouldn’t swear, all those who see her, that she was a maid by these exterior shows?
You would praise Caesar, say “Caesar.” Don’t go any further.
You wish you were not sick!
You’d like to bear your fortune like a man!
You would, the supervisor, beg yourself to be a sluggish man, and see her topped?
Would you?
Are you going to be with me?
Are you going to betrayed by me?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Would you do such a thing for all the world?
Do you want to give them all?
You would have the one that you admire the ornament of life, and you would live a coward in your own esteem, if you didn’t want to wait on “I would,” like the poor cat?
Wouldn’t you be glad to see the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by some notable shame?
Would you withdraw it?
Wrench his sword from him.
Wrinkles forbid!
Write down “Master Gentleman Conrade.”—Masters, do you serve God?
Write down Prince John as a villain.
Write to him.
Write loyal cantons of contemned love and sing them loud even in the dead of the night.
Write me a prologue, and let the prologue seem to say we won’t do harm with our swords, and that Pyramus is not killed.
Write them together, yours is as fair as yours.
Write to him—I’ll subscribe—adieus and greetings.
Write to me very soon, and you’ll understand her thoughts from me.
It’s wrong, but it’s wrong.
Wrong I’m my enemies?
Don’t mistake her birth.
You’ve sat in my bed, Brutus.
The Slys are no rogues.
Yare, lower, lower!
Yare, yare, good Iras, quick.
Yes, gods, it amazes me that a man with such a poor temper should start the majestic world and bear the palm alone.
You’re right.
Yes, it’s been a thousand pound more than it is, because I hear as good a word on your Worship as any man in the city, and even though I’m a poor man, I’m
Yes, and I’ll cry for a while longer.
Yes, and I paid for it.
Yes, and under the text: “Here’s Benedick the married man”?
Yes, and the best person too.
Yes, are you there?
Yes, but I’m apt to do myself wrong.
Yes, but you can’t do it without a control.
Yes, by Mass, that it is.
Yes, do you scolde and scolde me in the teeth?
Yes, I’m alone.
Yes, from the table of my memory I’ll wipe away all trivial and fond records, all books, all forms, all the pressures that have been copied there, and your commandment will live alone in the book and volume of
Is the worst well?
Yes, just as much as you can take on a knife’s point and choke a daw withal.
Yes, leave that work to great Hercules, and let it be more than Alcides’ twelve.
Yes, do you hear that, Balthasar?
Yes, let them come before me.
Yes, marry, that’s the eftest way.—Let the watch come out.
Yes, my good lord.
Yes, my lord, but I can do it.
Yes, my lord.
Oh, noise?
Yes, or to paint himself?
Yes, Richard, when I know, because I’m not protesting yet.
Yes, sir, and leave when you ask me.
Yes, sir, we hope so.
Yes, she did.
Yes, that’s the same.
Yes, very force forces itself.
Yes, why shouldn’t she?
Yes, yes, my lord.
Yes,” he said, “Do you fall on your face?
Yes,” my husband said, “Fall on your face?
I’ll do this rite every year.
Yes, indeed.
Yes, it’s Emilia.—It’s like she’s coming to speak about Cassio’s death, the noise was high.
Yes, a dozen, and as many as they would store the world they played for.
Yes, and he’ll do it until death shakes him.
Yes, as sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion.
Yes, being kept together and put to use.
Yes, tell me, boy, if your lord looks well, because he went sickly out of here.
Yes, by heaven!
Yes, by Saint Anne, and ginger will be hot in the mouth too.
Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio, and much offense too.
Yes, Captain, but with this acknowledgement: God fought for us.
Yes, Cassius.
Yes, certainly, and out of doubt and out of question, too, and out of ambiguity.
Yes, and all his lords, the Duke of Milan and his brave son being twain.
Yes, I will, Fridays and Saturdays and all.
Yes, yes.
Yes, gracious madam.
Yes, he’s dead.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I’ve gained my experience.
Yes, I’m going to do so.
Yes, I know you’re Signior Lucentio.
Yes, it’s true, sir.
Yes, it’s a garment.
Yes, just.
Yes, madam, he was from that consort.
Yes, madam.
Yes, I’m married, sir.
Yes, my conscience, he did great good for us.
Yes, nightingales answer daws!
Yes, one place else, if you’ll hear me name it.
Yes, one, and in this way.
Yes, other men have bad luck too.
Yes, Shylock, I’ll give you this bond.
Yes, sir, but anger has a privilege.
Yes, sir, I have.
Yes, sir.
Yes, something you can’t say for your own safety: you’ve been a great thief by sea.
Yes, sooth, and so do you.
Yes, the king is dead.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you did, sir, and you forswore it too.
Yes, fashion is fashion.
Yes, they have.
Yes, for look, the children are being punished for the sins of the father.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you’ve seen Cassio and she together.
Yes.
But it’s the plague to great people, and the king’s rights are less than the base.
And again?
But I’m noble as the adversary I come to deal with.
But I saw the treasons planted at the first.
But don’t bend all the harm on yourself.
But Benedick was such a man, and now he’s become a man.
But Brutus says he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man.
But only three?
But Caesar will go out, because these predictions are to the general world as to Caesar.
But I could bear that too, well, very well.
But Count Claudio may hear it, because what I’d like to say concerns him.
But I don’t use my horse for my mistress, or any other proverb that’s so little about it.
But Edmund was beloved.
But fortune can’t pay me better than to die well, and not my master’s debtor.
But I’ve left a daughter.
But he has always known himself slenderly.
But he looks good.
But listen to me.
But listen to me, countrymen.
But here she is allowed to eat her virgin strewns, her maiden strewments, and the bringing home of bell and burial.
But here, Laertes?
But here’s a spot.
But his plans are in the works.
But please, if you think it’s appropriate or that it’s possible, give me some brief talk with Desdemona alone.
But I can’t help laughing to think it should leave crying and say “yes.” And yet, I’m sure it had a bump on its forehead as big as a young cockerel’s stone, a
But I don’t hate Orlando.
But I’ve known those who have walked in their sleep who have died in their beds.
But I haven’t seen a ambassador of love so likely.
But I insisted.
But I love you too.
But I’m convinced that he’s not going to be wrong.
But I swear to you that I’m a man who’s cured it.
But I’d kill you with a lot of love.
But I suppose he’s virtuous, and he’s noble, and he’s a fresh, and dependable young man.
But I’ll go.
But I won’t shed her blood, nor scar her whiter skin than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster.
But if you say Antony is alive, is well, or is friends with Caesar, or not captive to him, I’ll put you in a shower of gold and hail rich pearls on you.
But if you were there to practice my state, then you could be my question.
But if you did, it wouldn’t approve me much.
But this isn’t a charm for the toothache.—Old Signior, walk aside with me.
But it was said that it shouldn’t stand in your post-war, but that I should be the root and father of many kings.
But keep the French on the field.
But leave our cousin Katherine here with us.
But let me cry for such a loss.
But I was pointing to where Cupid fell.
But we shouldn’t put the law on him.
But I’m afraid I can tell you one thing.
But once again, publicly proclaim it, if any friend will pay the sum for him, he won’t die.
But he’s old and poor, and he’s holping the heavens to rain.
Put it out, because I wouldn’t be seen.
But say I, he’s in love.
But she must die, or she’ll betray more men.
But that’s a ruined necessity, since we have locks to protect our precious treasures and pretty traps to catch the petty thieves.
But the gold is still a thing that others touch, and often wear gold.
But there he was, and I found this credit, that he went to the town to find me.
But they’re not joined.
But I won’t do this, and I’ll do what I can.
But this is your harmless fairy, monster.
But you killed my children.
But you’re lying in the bleak air.
But touch this sparingly, as if it were far away, because you know my mother lives.
But what can I do when I can’t repent?
But words are good when the person who speaks them pleases the people who hear them.
But I wish I could know that stroke would be the worst!
But I wouldn’t have done that, even if I had done my will.
But you’re withered.
But you started to be rude.
But you have all the advantages of her wrong.
But you’ll be hanged for being so long absent.
But you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear as Venus in her glimmering sphere.
But coming from him, that great med’cine has gilded you with his tincture.
But forgive me, God, that I’m braging like this.
But if you’re out, sir, I can help you.
But if he shows it, he’ll dishearten his army.
But when I saw it last time, it was smeared as black as Vulcan in the smoke of war.
But when we can wait an hour to serve, we’d say some words about that business if you were to.
Yield, curt.
I know that light is not daylight, I know.
The ribaudred nag of Egypt—Whom leprosy o’ertakes!—in the middle of the fight, when a pair of twins appeared both as the same, or rather ours
The sydney island carrions, desperate to find their bones, are the morning field.
The same cloud, besides the huge cloud, looks like a foul bombardment that would shed his liquor.
Yonder comes my master, your brother.
I’m sure they’re coming.
They lie, the poor old man their father making such a pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part in weeping.
Yonder, sir, he’s walking.
Are you a man?
You’re right.
You all saw that I presented him a kingly crown on the Lupercal, which he refused to accept.
You all know this mantle.
You’re always going to end with a jade’s trick.
You’re surprised by me.
You appeared to me only as a common man.
You’re a councilor.
You’re a cowardly king.
You’re a fish-monger.
You’re a fool.
You’re a fool.—You, niece, give yourself.
You’re a lover.
You’re a merry man, sir.
You’re a royal, and we’re obeying you.
You’re a savage boy.
You’re a senator!
You’re a spirit, I know.
You’ve almost come to a fight.
You’re an ass, you’re an ass!
You’re as good as any prince in the world.
You both are sure, and will help me?
You’re wrong.
You’re dull, Casca, and you’re wasting your life on the sparks of a Roman you want, or you don’t use them.
You’re a bit upset.
You’re full of pretty answers.
You’re brave men.
You’re him, you’re him.
You’re right, sir, it’s for my mistress.
You’re idle, shallow things.
You’re right.
You’re in the great chamber looking for and called for, asked and sought for.
You’re a good man, my lord.
You’re my older man.
You’re my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the ruddy drops that make me sad.
You’re naughty, you’re naughty.
You don’t know what excellence Laertes is—
You’re not Pinch’s patient, are you, sir?
You’re not wood, you’re not stones, but men.
You aren’t, Cassius.
You’re out of your text now.
You’re just a foot away from the extreme point.
You’re coming, and I beg you all to think yourself.
You’re out of the door, you’re ringing bells in your parlors, wild-cats in your kitchens, saints in your injuries, devils being offended, housewifes playing with
You’re a bit sane in your accouterments, as loving yourself as you seem to be the lover of any other.
You’re resolute, then?
You’re the lord of duty.
You are their heir, you sit on their throne, and the courage and blood that redeemed them are running in your veins.
You’re followed by a faithful shepherd.
You’re thought to be the most intelligent and fit man for the constable of the watch; therefore, bear the lantern.
You’re to blame for not telling her to.
You’re too hot.
You’re too indulgent.
You’re too wrong in this king.
You’re unkind, Demetrius.
You’re very sensible, but you’re not aware of me.
You are very welcome, sir.
You’re very well met.
You’re welcome for his sake.
You’re welcome to Elsinore.
You are welcome, masters, welcome, all!—I’m glad to see you well.—Welcome, good friends.—O old friend?
You’re welcome to Cyprus, sir.
You are welcome, sir.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
You’re well-prepared.
You are, and you don’t know it.
You beastly knave, don’t you know what you’re saying?
You know the place best.
You asked me to make it right and well, according to the fashion and the time.
You break a jest like braggarts do their blades, which, God be thanked, won’t hurt.—My lord, I thank you for your many courtesies.
You’re taking me out.
You call me a misbeliever, a cutthroat dog, and scold my Jewish lord—and all for using what I own.
You can do better, but this is a good thing.
You can’t fool me out of money at this throw.
Bassanio, you can’t be better employed than to live still and write my epitaph.
You can’t feed capons like that.
You can’t revel in dukedoms here.
You can’t, if my heart were in your hand, and you can’t, while I’m in my custody.
You can’t take from me any thing I’ll do more willingly—except my life, except my life, except my life.
You’ve drenched our steeples, drowned the cocks!
You’re wrong to say it.
You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers who bear this heavy mutually heavy burden of moan, cheer each other up in each other’s love.
You’re coming very carefully at your hour.
You don’t come like Caesar’s sister.
You come to me and you say, “Shylock, we would have money.” You say that!—You, who ripped your beard and shook me as you shook a stranger over your threshold!
You’re coming with letters against the king and you’re taking the puppet’s part against the royalty of her father.
You could never do him so badly if you were the man you were.
You could, for a need, write a speech of about twelve or sixteen lines I’d set down and insert in it, wouldn’t you?
You’re craming these words into my ears against my sense.
You’re more likely to be friends with me than to fight with my enemy.
You knew how much you were my conqueror, and that my sword, made weak by my affection, would kill it for all reasons.
You did.
You’re getting more and more sane.
You’re helping the storm.
You’re only dallying.
You’ll extend these horror thoughts further than you’ll find reason for Caesar.
You love me, my lord.
You’re wrong to take me out of the grave.
You’re wrong, sir.
You’re wrong about your business.
You don’t mind the play.
You remember all the circumstances?
You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant.
You wouldn’t have tempted him like that.
You’re willing to take your charge too.
You English princes, I salute you.
You envy my advancement, and my friends’.
You always gentle gods, take my breath away from me.
You forget to hide me.
You gentle Romans— Be quiet!
You’re going to find the Lord Hamlet.
You had a musty victual, and he has holp to eat it.
You have a daughter called Elizabeth, who is virtuous and fair, royal and gracious.
You killed a sweet and innocent lady among you.
You have many of the slaves you bought, which—like your asses and your dogs and mules—you use in abject and slavish parts because you bought them.
You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.
You’ve surprised him.
You’ve been a factious one against the other.—Wife, love Lord Hastings.
You’ve been called for.
You’ve been borne with nobility.
You’ve broken the law of your oath, which you won’t have any tongue to charge me with.
You’re wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles.
You’ve displaced the sand, broke the good meeting, and ruined the best of the best.
You’ve done something you should be sorry for.
You’ve done well by water.
You’ve done well, that men have to lay their murders on your neck.
You’ve forgotten the will I told you about.
You’re good at horsemanship.
You heard him swear that he was.
You’ve heard so much.
You have her father’s love, Demetrius.
You’re full of it, Benedick.
You’ve killed a sweet lady, and her death will be heavy on you.
You’ve already heard what you shouldn’t.
You don’t have any reason to say that.
You haven’t lost any reputation unless you’re a man who’s a loser.
You’ve loved him well.
You’ve made me offer Sicily, Sardinia.
You have me, don’t you?
You have my consent.
You don’t have any stomach, sir.
You’ve been beaten up, then?
You’ve not called me so, and you’ve not made any reason to.
You haven’t seen anything like that.
You’ve got it.
You’ve stood out against your brother, and he has gotten you into his grace, where it’s impossible to take true root only by the weather that you’re making yourself.
You’ve won.
You’ve put him down, lady, you’ve put him down.
You’ve said what you’re saying now.
You’ve said something, but if you’re wise or not, let the forest judge.
You’ve said what you’re saying, sir.
You’ve seen a cruel proof of this man’s strength.
You didn’t see anything then?
You’ve served me well, and kings have been your fellows.
You’ve simply misused our sex in your love-prate.
You have some reason, they don’t.
You’ve spoken more than you intended.
You’ve stayed with me for a happy hour.
You’ve taken it wiser than I thought you should.
You told me she received them and returned me with a sudden respect and acquaintance, but I don’t find any.
You’re too clever to be a fool for me.
You’re too much respecting the world.
You’ve trained me like a peasant, hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities.
You have, my lord.
You hear him all night.
You hear how he’s bringing me to life.
You hear the suit.
You heard her say it wasn’t me.
You jig and amble, and you lisp, you nickname God’s creatures and make your ignorance a bad thing.
You keep the legions and the horse whole, don’t you?
You kill me to deny it.
You kiss by the book.
You knew my father well, and I was left solely heir to all his land and goods, which I’ve bettered rather than reduced.
You knew—no one knew as well, no one knew as well about my daughter’s flight.
You know he does.
You know I gave it to you right now.
You know I gave it to you for a half hour now.
You know I’m not saying anything to him, because he doesn’t understand me, and neither does he understand me.
You know me by my habit.
You know me well, and here I am, just to wind up on my love for the situation.
you know me well.
You know me well.
You know what I’m thinking.
You don’t know Centaur?
You don’t know how to choose a man.
You don’t know what you’re doing.
You don’t know whether it was his wisdom or his fear.
You don’t know why we came to visit you— So out of season, a dark night.
You know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours.
You know that I held Epicurus strong and his opinion.
You know that you’re Brutus who speak this, or, by the gods, this speech was your last.
You know the character is your brother’s?
You know the law.
You know tomorrow is the wedding day.
You know, he brought me out of favor with my lady about a bear-baiting here.
You don’t have a man’s heart.
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.
You’re lying on it, sir, and therefore it’s not yours.
You lie up to the gods’ hearing.
You lie.
You look angry.
You look like you had something more to say.
You don’t look well, Antonio.
You look pale, look, and stare, and put on fear, and you’re in awe of the strange impatience of the heavens.
You look tired.
You don’t love me.
You’re making me study that.
You’re causing us to work.
You may as well do anything most hard as try to soften that—which is harder than that?—his Jewish heart.
You may as well go about turning the sun to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock’s feather.
You may as well say that’s a valiant flea who dares to eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
You may be pleased to see what happened here.
You may be just, whatever I think.
You can do that then in time.
You may do your will, but he’s a tried and valiant soldier.
You can find out more.
You can go to the devil’s dam!
You may have a good occasion for it.
You can light up a husband who has no beard.
You can relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.
You can tell me every finger I have with my ribs.
You may think I don’t love you.
You may think I’m in love with you.
You can, sir.
You mean to bear me, not to bear with me.— Uncle, my brother mocks you and me.
You, men of Cyprus, let her have your knees.
You could do anything.
You might have come before.
You could have saved me my pains to take it away yourself.
You, you, are these your customers?
You’re wrong, sir, you’re wrong, sir.
You’re wrong, sir.
You mock me, madam.
You mock me, sir.
You have to leave tonight.
You have to be patient for a while.
You must be your brother’s father and give her to Claudio.
You have to bear with me.
You have to call out the watch that’s accused of it.
You have to contradict me.
You have to be patient, madam.
You have to leave this.
You’re going to need to give me your reason, Sir Andrew.
You can’t deny me.
You can’t look so sour.
You can’t stay here longer.
You can’t think I’m so simple, but I know that the devil himself won’t eat a woman.
You shouldn’t think that I’m drunk.
You shouldn’t mistake my niece, sir.
You must note that we’ve tried all our friends, our army is full of brims, and our cause is ripe.
You must play Pyramus.—And Flute, you Thisbe.
You have to say “paragon.” A “paramour” is, God bless us, a thing of naughtyness.
You must sing this thing more than matter.
You have to think this, look, that the worm will do his kind.
You have to go to Parthia.
You have to translate.
You don’t need to worry about any of these lords, lady.
You don’t need to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.
You nimble lightnings, dart your blinding flames into her scornful eyes!
You or any man living in the city can be drunk at a time, man.
You pay him then.
You swain a peasant!
You, friends, continue this united league.
You praise yourself by putting my judgment to the test, but you’ve snuck up your excuses.
You didn’t receive any gold?
You’re up to play and go to bed to work.
You rub the sore when you should bring the plaster.
You said the enemy wouldn’t come down but keep the hills and upper regions.
You saw my master wink and laugh at you?
You saw them speak us fair, give us gold.
You say he ate at home, and the goldsmith here denies that saying.
You’re not saying that, old man.
You’re very true, scald king, when God’s will is.
You’re right.
You say you’re a better soldier.
You say you don’t know the lady’s mind.
You don’t have the hearts to tell me that, and therefore you can’t have the hearts to do it.
You’re seeing an ass head like you, do you?
You see, her eyes are open.
You see how easily she might be surprised.
You see how old he is.
You see how simple and fond I am.
You see me here, gods, a poor old man, as wretched in both of them as old.
You see me, Lord Bassanio, where I am.
You sent me for a rope’s end as soon as you got it.
You sent me to the bay for a bark.
You’ll advise me in all of the matters for Cleopatra.
You’ll be a woodmonger and buy nothing but cudgels from me.
You’ll be king.
You’ll be more beloving than you’ll be beloved.
You’ll be sent soon with fair conditions.
You’ll keep the prisoner quiet until the Venetian state knows the nature of your crime.—Come, bring him away.
You’ll admit that you both have been fooled.
You’ll do marvelous things wisely, good Reynaldo, before you visit him, to ask about his behavior.
You’ll be a little disrespectful, and you’ll be a bit too bold to be a victim of my master’s grace and sanity, securing his messenger.
You’ll find me apt enough to do that, sir, so you can give me some opportunity.
You’ll have anything.
You’ll have gold to pay the debt twenty times over.
You’ll have to leave.
You’ll have letters from me to my son in your behalf, to meet you on the way.
You’ll have letters from me to some friends who will go to you.
You won’t have any bad luck, sir, because I’ll try if they can lick their fingers.
You’ll get a ransom.
You’ll have some part of your will.
You’ll have the mustard or you’ll have no beef from Grumio.
You’ll have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do.
You’ll have enough wine, my lord.
You’ll hear me.
You’ll hear more by midnight.
You’ll hear more.
You’ll know more later.
You’ll see a duteous, knee-crooking knave who (doing his own sanity) wears out his time like his master’s ass for naught but
You’ll never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue.
You can’t choose but drink before you go.
You won’t find the least reason for what you’re afraid of, even if you’re curious.
You won’t see me by what we do tonight.
You won’t go, my lord.
You won’t go.
You won’t blame us in your funeral speech, but you can tell us everything you can do about Caesar and say you do it by our permission.
You won’t be able to get a contract like that for me!
You’re not going to get out of your house today.
You’ll play it in a mask, and you can speak as small as you want.
You’ll read the will, Caesar’s will.
You’ll see how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago’s wife.
You’ll only try one fall.
You will, Mark Antony.
You will, my lord.
You should ask me what time o'clock.
You should be ruled and led by some discernment that makes you better than you yourself.
You should have reprehended him for that.
You should hear why.
You should have accosted her, and you should have thrown the youth into a dumbness with some excellent sneezes.
You slave, you curled!
You’re talking all your parts together, cues and everything.—Pyramus, enter.
You don’t speak as you think.
You’re talking about this to get me in, my lord.
You speak to Casca, and to a man like that who’s not a slander.
You’re talking too bitterly.
You’ve not spoken to her since then?
You’re begging me to leave, and he’ll push me here.
You’re amazed, but be comforting.
You’re standing.
You stayed well in Egypt.
You’re hitting my people, and your rabble makes servants of their betters.
You sulphurous fires, savage savage thunderbolts, singe my white head!
You sunburnt sicklemen of August are tired, come here from the furrow and be merry.
You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it until you died, and that it should lie with you in your grave.
You take my house when you take the prop that sustains my house.
You take my life when you take the means where I live.
You’re enjoying the message then?
You’re taking your pennyworths now.
You’re talking!
You tallow face!
You taught me to beg first, and now I think you teach me how to beg a beggar.
You taught me language, and I know how to curse.
You tell us the way of the wrestling.
You’re losing something like that?
You think I’ll cry?
You think nothing but your sheets are suited to your wishes.
You think about him too much.
You thought because he couldn’t speak English in the native language, he couldn’t handle an English cudgel.
You told me a lie, an odious, damned lie.
You told me that.
You told me you don’t salute the court, but you kiss your hands.
You touched my heart first.
You tremble and look pale.
You understand me?
You’re using this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the Porpentine.
You’d better go in.
You’d better knock louder.
You’d better tell Antonio what you hear—but don’t do it suddenly, because it may be a grieving thing for him.
You were kneeled to and imported otherwise by all of us, and the fair soul herself was weighed between loath and obedience, at which end the beam should bow.
You were sent for, and you’ve got a confession in your looks that you don’t have enough to color.
You were the word of war.
You were to blame, I must be clear with you, to part so slightly with your wife’s first gift, a thing that was stuck on your finger with oaths and so riveted with faith to your flesh
You whoreson malt-horse drudge!
You’ll answer, “The slaves are ours.” I’ll answer you.
You’ll be a schoolmaster and teach the maid: that’s your device.
You’ll be whipped.
You’ll have to convince me to read the will?
You’ll have Gremio to keep you fair.
You’ll lose this wager, my lord.
You’ll never run crazy, niece.
You won’t, then?
You won’t delight in it, I can tell you, because he’s so oddsy.
You would have been able to prove that there isn’t time for everything.
You want to be satisfied?
You’d lift the moon out of her sphere if she continued in it for five weeks without changing it.
You would say that, master, if your clothes were thin.
You’d be surprised to see my stops.
You wrong me in every way.
You wrong me more, sir, when you denied it.
You wrong me, Brutus.
You wrong me, Signior Gremio.
You wronged yourself to write in such a case.
You, as your business and desire will point you—for every man has business and desire, as it is—and for my own poor part, look, I’ll go pray.
You, constable, are to present the Prince’s own person.
You, cousin.
You, mistress, all this slut is long.
Nick Bottom, you’re set for Pyramus.
You, Pyramus’s father.—Myself, Thisbe’s father.—Snug the joiner, you, the lion’s part.—And I hope this is a play.
You, Roderigo!
You, sir?
You, uncivil lady, have breathed out my ingrate and unauspicious altars that have been poured out by the faithful, whose devotion has been redeemed—what should I do?
You, you, yes, you!
You, you, sir, where’s my daughter?
You!
You.
You’d be king of the island, sir?
You’ll “never trust his word afterward.” Come on, it’s a foolish saying.
You’ll ask me why I prefer to have a weight of carrion flesh than to receive three thousand ducats.
You’ll be sick tomorrow because you’re watching this night.
You’ll be a bang for that, I’m afraid.
You’ll cry for this if I beat the door down.
You’ll find it wrong, I assure you.
You’ll have a pair of worms for cousins and gennets for germans.
You’ll see your nephews neighing to you.
You’ll heat my blood.
You’ll let us in, I hope?
You won’t endure him!
You’ll pay me the eight shillings I won from you at betting?
You’ll win two days for me.
You’re falling into a princely hand.
You’re wrong.
You’re sad, Signior Balthasar.
You’re welcome here.
You’re welcome, sir, and he’s for your good sake.
You’ve said what you’re saying, sir.
You’ve got strange serpents there?
Young boys and girls are equal now to men.
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet, or where is your home?
Young Edward lives; think about what I want to say.
Young Fortinbras, with conquest from Poland, gives this warlike volley to the ambassadors of England.
Young fry of treachery!
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?
Then young men’s love isn’t true in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Is it young Romeo?
Young son, it’s a slur of a distempered head so soon to give you a good morning to your bed.
Younger than she is, happy mothers.
Younger than you here in Verona, women of esteem are already mothers.
Youngling, you can’t love as much as I am.
You don’t want the maids in France to kiss before they are married, would she say?
Your accent is something finer than you could buy in such a ruined house.
What’s your answer?
Your answer is enigmatical, sir.
Your bedchamber.
Your betters have made me say my mind, and if you can’t, you’ll be better off stopping your ears.
Your betters, sir.
Your brother Gloucester hates you.
Your brother is only young and tender, and I’d be loath to foil him for your love, as I must for my own honor if he came in.
Your brother the Bastard has fled from Messina.
Your brother—no brother—yet the son—But not the son, I won’t call him son—I was about to call his father, and this night he’s going to burn the lodging where you use
Your cake inside is warm, and you’re standing here in the cold.
Your case is better.
Your castle is surprised, your wife and babes were slaughtered in a savage manner.
Your sorrow shouldn’t be measured by his worth, because then it won’t end.
Your charm is so strong that if you saw them now, your affections would become tender.
Your children will be kings.
Your children were vexing your youth, but mine will be a comfort to your age.
Your commission is ready.
Your constant presence has left you unattended.
Your cousin, my lady, makes great exceptions to your poor hours.
Your crown is wry.
Your Dane, your German, and your swag-bellied Hollander—Drink, ho!—are nothing to your English.
The princes left your daughter here for dead.
Your daughter spent one night in Genoa, as I heard, in fourscore ducats.
Your dinner and the generous islanders invited to join you are at your service.
Your ear is good.
Your eldest daughters have forgiven themselves, and are desperately dead.
Your Emperor is still a Jove.
Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet air is more tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear when wheat is green, and hawthorn buds appear.
Your eyes are threatening me.
Your eyes drop millstones when fools’ eyes drop tears.
Your face is like a book where men can read strange things.
Your father had excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them.
Your father was always virtuous, and holy men at their death have good inspirations.
Your features, Lord, warrant us!
Your fortunes are alike.
Your friends are up and buckle on their armor.
Your friends at Pomfret, they need the priest.
Your gentleness will force us more than your force will force us to gentleness.
Your goods were the ones that were buried in the Centaur, sir.
Your Grace listened to their sugary words, but they didn’t look at the poison of their hearts.
Your Grace honors me as much as it can be desired in his subjects’ hearts.
Your grace has put the odds on the weaker side.
Your Grace is too expensive to wear every day.
Your Grace can do whatever you want.
We think your Grace should know his mind quickly.
Your graces are right welcome.
Your grandfather of famous memory, who is not please your Majesty, and your great-uncle Edward the Plack Prince of Wales, as I’ve read in the chronicles, fought a prave pattle here
Your hand, Leonato.
Your hands, come then.
Your heart is bursting, you’ve lost half your soul.
Your heart desires are with you.
Your Highness told me to ask for it today.
Your Highness told me I should post before.
Your honor is calling you here.
Your honor is very welcome.
Your Honor wins bad humor.
Your Honor’s players are coming to play a pleasant comedy, because your doctors are very happy with it, and Seeing too much sadness has congealed your blood, and melancholy is the nurse of frenzy
Your houses!
Your husband is upset with a shrew, which is what makes my husband sad by his suffering.
Your mother is coming to your room.
Your lady, sir, your lady.
If your ladyship was good to have some guard around you, you’d be sure the man is tainted by his wits.
Your letters prevented us from breaking up until we saw both how you were wronged and how we were in danger.
Your lips will feel them the sooner.
Your looks are pale and wild, and you’re causing some misadventure.
Your lord knows what I’m thinking.
Your lordship is welcome back to Denmark.
Your lordship speaks infallibly of him.
Your loss is as good as yours, and you bear it as you’re answering to the weight.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, 'Where is your mother?
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, a courteous, kind, handsome, and, I’m sure, virtuous— Where is your mother?
Your love, as mine to you.
Your Majesty didn’t come like yourself.
Your Majesty is very true.
Your Majesty will mock me.
Your Majesty, listen now, saving your Majesty’s life, what an arrant, rascally, beggarly, lousy king it is.
Your man and you are wonderful, sir.
Your mind may change.
Your mistress is well.
Your mistress sent to bring me home to dinner?
Your mother.
Your name, please, friend?
Your name is truly true, sir.
Your names?
Your old smock brings out a new petticoat, and the tears of an onion should be filled with sorrow.
Your overkindness wringes tears from me.
You could not keep your part in her from dying, but heaven keeps his part in eternal life.
Your plainness and your shortness please me.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Your power and your command are taken off, and Cassio is king in Cyprus.
Your praise has come to you too quickly.
Why?
You’re right.
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your reproof is something too round.
Your royal father’s been murdered.
Your royal preparation makes us hear something.
Your rye-straw hats are put on, and these fresh nymphs are all in the country.
The sun turns your serpent into a snake in Egypt.
Your servant Kent.
Your servant will do so.
Your servants have their own, and what they have in their hands, to make their own decisions at your highness's expense, and to return your own.
Your servants are going to do that.
Your shoes aren’t so good.
Your sister is the better soldier.
Your son and daughter found this trespass worth the shame that it suffers here.
Your son will have my daughter with consent.
Your son, my lord, has paid a soldier’s debt.
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes, in which so many smiling Romans bathed, shows that from you great Rome will suck blood from you, and that great men will press for tinctures, 
Your sword is on a woman?
Your story would cure deafness, sir.
Your vessels and your spells provide, your charms and everything else.
Your virtue is my privilege.
Your voice will be as strong as any man can be when it comes to removing new dignities.
You’re getting shorter.
Your wife and brother made wars against me, and their contestation was the theme for you.
Your wife Octavia, with her modest eyes and still conclusion, won’t be honored to be Demuring me.
Your wife would give you little thanks for that if she were there to hear you make the offer.
Your will?
Your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids couldn’t fill up the cistern of my lust and my desire.
Your Worship is wrong.
Your worship speaks like a very thankful and reverent youth, and I praise God for you.
Your worship was wont tell me that I could do nothing without a bid.
Your worship’s friend and Launcelot, sir.
Your worth is very dear in my opinion.
Your wrongs have ruined my sexuality.
You’re yours by this hand.
You’re in the ranks of death.
You, if you talk about stories.
Yours, yours.
Youth rebels, even if none else is near.
Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat to scratch a man to death!
He’s dying!
Go ahead, calm down.
I’ll never beg you any more.
You’re robbed, sir!
Zounds, who’s there?
